URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1028065/000089322002001453/0000893220-02-001453.txt

 ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		732 LOUIS DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 2000
		CITY:			WARMINSTER
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18974
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2159562200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		732 LOUIS DRIVE
		CITY:			WARMINISTER
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18974

PREM14A

w65482aprem14a.htm

ORAPHARM, INC.

prem14a

SCHEDULE 14A

(RULE 14a-101)

INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY
STATEMENT

SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a)
OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Filed by the
Registrant 


Filed by a Party other than the
Registrant 
o

Check the appropriate box:


  Preliminary
    Proxy Statement

o
  Confidential,
    for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by
    Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

o
  Definitive
    Proxy Statement

o
  Definitive
    Additional Materials

o
  Soliciting
    Material under Rule 14a-12

ORAPHARMA, INC.

(Name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if
Other Than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee: (Check the appropriate
box):

o

No fee required



Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act
    Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

          1)

Title of each class of securities to which
    transaction applies: Common Stock, $0.001 par value

          2)

Aggregate number of securities to which
    transaction applies: 13,633,886 shares of Common Stock, options
    to purchase 1,143,699 shares of Common Stock and warrants
    exercisable for 68,652 shares of Common Stock

          3)

Per unit price or other underlying value of
    transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11
    (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and
    state how it was determined): $7.41

          4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
    $104,940,713.59

          5)

Total fee paid: $9,654.55

o

Fee paid previously with written preliminary
    materials:

o

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as
    provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the
    filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously.
    Identify the previous filing by registration statement number,
    or the form or schedule and the date of its filing.

          1)

Amount previously paid:

          2)

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

          3)

Filing Party:

          4)

Date Filed:

[ORAPHARMA, INC. LETTERHEAD]

      , 2002

Dear Stockholder:

You are cordially invited to attend the special
meeting of stockholders of OraPharma, Inc., to be held
on                           ,
2003, at 10:00 a.m., local time, at our corporate
headquarters, which are located at 732 Louis Drive,
Warminster, Pennsylvania 18974.

At the special meeting, we will ask you to adopt
the merger agreement between our company and Johnson &
Johnson. If the merger is completed, you will receive $7.41 in
cash, without interest, for each share of our common stock that
you own.

Our board of directors has carefully reviewed and
considered the terms and conditions of the proposed merger.
Based on its review, the board of directors has determined that
the terms of the merger agreement, the merger and the
transactions described in the merger agreement are advisable to,
and in the best interests of, our stockholders. 
THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND UNANIMOUSLY
RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT.

Your vote is important. We cannot complete the
merger unless the merger agreement is adopted by the affirmative
vote of a majority of our shares of common stock outstanding and
entitled to vote at the special meeting. Failure to submit a
signed proxy or vote in person at the special meeting will have
the same effect as a vote against the adoption of the merger
agreement. Only stockholders who owned shares of our common
stock at the close of business
on                           ,
2002 will be entitled to vote at the special meeting.

Stockholders owning or controlling a total of
3,540,697 shares of common stock, which represents
approximately 26% of all outstanding votes, have entered into a
stockholder agreement in which they agreed to vote in favor of
adopting the merger agreement.

PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN YOUR
PROXY. 
If you hold your shares in
street name, you should instruct your broker how to
vote in accordance with your voting instruction form.

This proxy statement explains the proposed merger
and merger agreement and provides specific information
concerning the special meeting. Please review this document
carefully.

Sincerely,

/s/

MICHAEL D. KISHBAUCH

President and Chief Executive
    Officer

This proxy statement is
dated                     ,
2002, and is first being mailed to stockholders of OraPharma,
Inc. on or
about                     ,
2002.

ORAPHARMA, INC.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS

TO BE HELD
ON                     ,

To the stockholders of OraPharma, Inc.:

We will hold a special meeting of the
stockholders of OraPharma, Inc. at our corporate headquarters,
which are located at 732 Louis Drive, Warminster, Pennsylvania
18974,
on                   ,
2003, at 10:00 a.m., local time, and any adjournments or
postponements thereof, for the following purposes:

1.

to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the
    merger agreement among Johnson & Johnson, Pivot Merger Sub,
    Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, and
    us. In the merger, we will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
    Johnson & Johnson, and each outstanding share of our common
    stock will be converted into the right to receive $7.41 in cash,
    without interest; and

2.

to transact such other business that may properly
    come before the special meeting and any adjournments or
    postponements of the special meeting, including, if submitted to
    a vote of the stockholders, a motion to adjourn the special
    meeting to another time or place for the purpose of soliciting
    additional proxies.

We will transact no other business at the special
meeting except such business as may properly be brought before
the special meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the
special meeting.

Only stockholders who owned shares of our common
stock at the close of business
on                   ,
2002, the record date for the special meeting, are entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.

We cannot complete the merger unless the merger
agreement is adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of
the shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote
at the special meeting. This proxy statement describes the
proposed merger and the actions to be taken in connection with
the merger and provides additional information about the parties
involved. Please give this information your careful attention.
Under Delaware law, holders of our common stock who do not vote
in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement will have the
right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares as
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery if the merger is
completed, but only if they submit a written demand for an
appraisal prior to the vote on the merger agreement and they
comply with the Delaware law procedures explained in the
accompanying proxy statement. See The Merger 
Appraisal Rights on page 30.

         OUR
BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT OUR STOCKHOLDERS
VOTE FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER
AGREEMENT.

Whether or not you plan to attend the special
meeting, please complete, sign and date the enclosed proxy and
return it promptly in the enclosed postage-paid return envelope.
You may revoke the proxy at any time prior to its exercise in
the manner described in this proxy statement. Any stockholder
present at the special meeting, including any adjournments or
postponements of it, may revoke such stockholders proxy
and vote personally on the merger agreement to be considered at
the special meeting. Executed proxies with no instructions
indicated thereon will be voted 
FOR
 the
adoption of the merger agreement. If you fail to return your
proxy or to vote in person at the special meeting, your shares
will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum
is present at the special meeting, and will effectively be
counted as a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement.

Please do not send any stock certificates at this
time.

By order of the board of directors,

Sincerely,

/s/

James A. Ratigan

Executive Vice President, Chief

Financial Officer and Secretary

Warminster, Pennsylvania

                  ,



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
    MERGER

SUMMARY

The Companies

The Special Meeting

The Merger

Recommendation of our Board of Directors

Opinion of our Financial Advisor

Interests of Certain Directors And Executive
    Officers In The Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
    Consequences of the Merger

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

Appraisal Rights

The Paying Agent

Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to
    Complete the Merger

The Merger Agreement

THE COMPANIES

OraPharma, Inc.

Johnson & Johnson

Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Vote Required

Shares Owned by Our Directors, Executive Officers
    and Their Associates

Voting of Proxies

Revocability of Proxies

Solicitation of Proxies

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Opinion of Our Financial Advisor 
    Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated

Interests of Our Directors and Executive Officers
    in the Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

Regulatory Approvals

Accounting Treatment

Appraisal Rights

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock

Effective Time of the Merger

The Merger Consideration

Treatment of Our Options

Treatment of Our Warrants

Surrender of Stock Certificates

Lost Certificates

Unclaimed Amounts

Amendment to Rights Agreement

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Representations and Warranties

Covenants

Directors and Officers
    Indemnification and Insurance

Employee Benefits Matters

Consents and Approvals

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

No Solicitation

Termination

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

Fees and Expenses

STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT

Voting Arrangements and Related Provisions

Profit Disgorgement Provisions

Termination

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
    OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

OTHER MATTERS

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
    STATEMENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL
    INFORMATION

ANNEXES:

Annex A  Agreement and Plan of Merger

A-1

Annex B  Stockholder Agreement

B-1

Annex C  Opinion of Morgan
    Stanley & Co. Incorporated

C-1

Annex D  Section 262 of the
    General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

D-1

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q:

What will happen to OraPharma as a result of
    the merger?

A:

If the merger is completed, we will become a
    wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.

Q:

What will happen to my shares of OraPharma
    common stock after the merger?

A:

Upon completion of the merger, each share of our
    outstanding common stock will automatically be canceled and will
    be converted into the right to receive a per share amount equal
    to $7.41 in cash, without interest. Our stockholders will not
    have the option to receive common stock of Johnson & Johnson
    in exchange for their shares instead of cash.

Q:

What will happen to my options after the
    merger?

A:

Prior to the completion of the merger, we will
    take all action necessary to adjust the terms of all outstanding
    options to acquire shares of our common stock, whether vested or
    unvested, to provide that, upon completion of the merger, each
    option outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the
    merger will be canceled and the holder of that option will be
    entitled to receive a single lump sum cash payment equal to the
    number of shares of our common stock for which the option was
    exercisable, multiplied by the excess, if any, of the $7.41 per
    share merger consideration over the per share exercise price of
    the option; provided, however, if the calculation described
    above results in a negative number, no payment will be made with
    respect to the option.

Q:

What will happen to my warrants after the
    merger?

A:

We have taken all action necessary to cause each
    warrant to acquire shares of our common stock that is
    outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the merger to
    be canceled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the number
    of shares of our common stock subject to the warrant, multiplied
    by the excess, if any, of the $7.41 per share merger
    consideration over the per share exercise price of the warrant;
    provided, however, if the calculation described above results in
    a negative number, no payment will be made with respect to the
    warrant.

Q:

Will the merger be taxable to me?

A:

Generally, yes. The receipt of $7.41 in cash for
    each share of our common stock pursuant to the merger will be a
    taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
    For U.S. federal income tax purposes, generally you will
    realize taxable gain or loss as a result of the merger measured
    by the difference, if any, between $7.41 per share and your
    adjusted tax basis in that share.

You should read The Merger 
    Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences beginning on
    page 29 for a more complete discussion of the federal
    income tax consequences of the merger. Tax matters can be
    complicated and the tax consequences of the merger to you will
    depend on your particular tax situation. You should consult your
    tax advisor to fully understand the tax consequences of the
    merger to you.

Q:

Does our board of directors recommend the
    adoption of the merger agreement?

A:

Yes. Our board of directors unanimously
    recommends that our stockholders adopt the merger agreement. Our
    board of directors considered many factors in deciding to
    recommend the adoption of the merger agreement, including the
    premium to current market prices offered by Johnson &
    Johnson. The $7.41 cash per share merger consideration
    represents a 63% premium to the closing price of our common
    stock on November 12, 2002, the last trading day before
    announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, and an 80%
    premium over the average closing price of our common stock over
    the twelve-month period up to and including November 12,
    2002.

Q:

What vote of our stockholders is required to
    adopt the merger agreement?

A:

For us to complete the merger, stockholders
    holding at least a majority of the outstanding shares of our
    common stock must vote 
FOR 
the adoption of
    the merger agreement.

Q:

Am I entitled to appraisal rights?

A:

Yes. Under Delaware law, holders of our common
    stock who do not vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement
    will have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their
    shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery if the
    merger is completed, but only if they submit a written demand
    for an appraisal prior to the vote on the merger agreement and
    they comply with the Delaware law procedures explained in this
    proxy statement.

Q:

Why is the rights agreement not applicable to
    the merger agreement or the merger with Johnson &
    Johnson?

A:

Prior to the signing of the merger agreement, our
    board of directors unanimously approved an amendment to the
    rights agreement, which provided an exception to the triggering
    of the rights under the rights agreement for the signing of the
    merger agreement and the stockholder agreement, and for the
    transactions described in both the merger agreement and the
    stockholder agreement. You should read the Form 8-A/A filed
    by us on November 13, 2002 with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission for a detailed description of the amendment to our
    rights agreement.

Q:

What do I need to do now?

A:

After carefully reading and considering the
    information contained in this proxy statement, please complete,
    sign and date your proxy and return it in the enclosed
    postage-paid return envelope as soon as possible, so that your
    shares may be represented at the special meeting. If you sign
    and send in your proxy and do not indicate how you want to vote,
    we will count your proxy as a vote in favor of the adoption of
    the merger agreement.

Q:

What happens if I do not submit a proxy or
    vote in person at the special meeting?

A:

Because the required vote of our stockholders is
    based upon the number of outstanding shares of our common stock,
    rather than upon the shares actually voted, the failure by the
    holder of any such shares to submit a proxy or to vote in person
    at the special meeting, including abstentions and broker
    non-votes, will have the same effect as a vote against the
    adoption of the merger agreement. The special meeting will take
    place
    on                     ,
    2003, at 10:00 a.m., local time, at our corporate
    headquarters, which are located at 732 Louis Drive,
    Warminster, Pennsylvania 18974. You may attend the special
    meeting and vote your shares in person, rather than completing,
    signing, dating and returning your proxy.

Q:

Can I change my vote after I have mailed my
    signed proxy?

A:

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before
    your proxy is voted at the special meeting. You can do this in
    one of three ways. First, you can send a written notice stating
    that you would like to revoke your proxy. Second, you can
    complete and submit a new proxy bearing a later date. If you
    choose either of these two methods, you must submit your notice
    of revocation or your new proxy to us prior to the special
    meeting at 732 Louis Drive, Warminster, PA 18974,
    Attention: Secretary. Third, you can attend the special meeting
    and deliver a signed notice of revocation, deliver a later-dated
    duly executed proxy, or vote in person. Attendance at the
    special meeting will not in and of itself constitute revocation
    of a proxy.

Q:

If my OraPharma shares are held in
    street name by my broker, will my broker vote my
    shares for me?

A:

Your broker will vote your OraPharma shares only
    if you provide instructions on how to vote. You should follow
    the directions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct
    your broker to vote your shares. Without instructions, your
    shares will not be voted, which will have the effect of a vote
    against the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q:

Should I send in my stock certificates
    now?

A:

No. After the merger is completed, you will
    receive a transmittal form with instructions for the surrender
    of OraPharma stock certificates. Please do not send in your
    stock certificates with your proxy.

Q:

When do you expect the merger to be
    completed?

A:

We are working to complete the merger as quickly
    as possible. In addition to obtaining stockholder approval, we
    must satisfy all other closing conditions, including expiration
    or termination of applicable regulatory waiting periods. If our
    stockholders adopt the merger agreement, we expect to complete
    the merger in the first quarter of 2003.

Q:

Who can help answer my questions?

A:

If you have any questions about the merger or if
    you need additional copies of this proxy statement or the
    enclosed proxy, you should contact us at OraPharma, Inc.,
    732 Louis Drive, Warminster, PA 18974, (215) 956-2200,
    Attention: Investor Relations.

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information
from this proxy statement and may not contain all the
information that is important to you. To understand the merger
fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of
the merger, you should carefully read this entire proxy
statement and the other documents to which we have referred you.
See also Where You Can Find Additional Information
on page 55. We have included page references
parenthetically to direct you to a more complete description of
the topics presented in this summary.

The Companies

OraPharma, Inc., 732 Louis Drive, Warminster,
PA 18974, Telephone: (215) 956-2200 (see
page 12).
 OraPharma, Inc., a
specialty pharmaceutical company with an initial product entry
in the emerging field of oral health care, discovers, develops
and commercializes therapeutics for oral health care, oncology
and orthopedics. Our initial product, Arestin
TM
,
which represents a promising therapeutic advance for the adjunct
treatment of periodontal disease, was approved for marketing by
the Food and Drug Administration in February 2001 and launched
on April 2, 2001. Our new product development programs
include OC-1012, a compound for the treatment of mucositis, a
complication of cancer therapy, as well as an agent for bone and
tissue regeneration. In addition, we have earlier stage product
development initiatives focused on a drug delivery system
focused primarily on large molecule drugs, a next-generation
periodontal therapeutic and a dental trauma preparation. We have
approximately 146 employees. In October 2002, in connection with
a distribution agreement with Kensey Nash Corporation, we began
distributing Epi-Guide Periodontal Barrier Matrix and Drilac
Surgical Dressing.

Johnson & Johnson, One
Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, NJ 08933,
Telephone: (732) 524-0400 (see
page 12).
 Johnson &
Johnson, with approximately 107,000 employees, is one of the
worlds largest manufacturers of health care products, as
well as a provider of related services, for the consumer,
pharmaceutical and medical devices and diagnostics markets.
Johnson & Johnson has more than 197 operating companies in
51 countries around the world, selling products in more than 175
countries.

Pivot Merger Sub, Inc., One Johnson &
Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, NJ 08933, Telephone:
(732) 524-0400 (see
page 13).
 Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Pivot
Merger Sub, Inc. was formed solely for the purpose of
facilitating our acquisition by Johnson & Johnson.

The Special Meeting

Date, time and place (see
page 14).
 The special meeting of
our stockholders will be held at our corporate headquarters,
which are located at 732 Louis Drive, Warminster, Pennsylvania
18974, at 10:00 a.m., local time,
on                     ,
2003. At the special meeting, our stockholders will be asked to
adopt the merger agreement.

Record date, voting power (see
page 14).
 Our stockholders are
entitled to vote at the special meeting if they owned shares of
our common stock as of the close of business
on                     ,
2002, the record date. On the record date, there
were        shares of our
common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.
Stockholders will have one vote at the special meeting for each
share of our common stock that they owned on the record date.

Voting and revocability of proxies (see
pages 14 and 15). 
Stockholders
should complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and
promptly return it in the pre-addressed accompanying envelope.
Brokers holding shares in street name may vote the
shares only if the stockholder provides instructions on how to
vote. Brokers will provide stockholders with directions on how
to instruct the broker to vote the shares. All properly executed
proxies that we receive prior to the vote at the special
meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance
with the instructions indicated on the proxies. If no direction
is indicated on a properly executed proxy returned to us, the
underlying shares will be voted 
FOR 
the
adoption of the merger agreement.

We do not expect any other business to come
before the special meeting. If other business properly comes
before the special meeting, the persons named as proxies will
vote in accordance with their judgment.

A stockholder may revoke its proxy at any time
prior to use by delivering to our Secretary a signed notice of
revocation or a later-dated, signed proxy. In addition, a
stockholder may revoke its proxy by delivering to the chairman
of the special meeting, on the day of the special meeting, a
signed notice of revocation or a later-dated signed proxy. A
stockholder also may revoke such stockholders proxy by
attending the special meeting and voting in person. Attendance
at the special meeting does not in itself constitute the
revocation of a proxy.

Vote required (see
page 14).
 The adoption of the
merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of stockholders
holding a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding
at the close of business on the record date.

Shares owned by our directors, executive
officers and their associates (see
page 14).
 On the record date, our
directors and executive officers and their associates
beneficially owned and were entitled to vote [1,907,670] shares
of our common stock, which represented approximately [14]% of
the shares of our common stock outstanding on that date.

Stockholder Agreement (see
page 48).
 Certain of our
stockholders, who, as of the date of the merger agreement, held
approximately 26% of the outstanding shares of our common stock,
have entered into a stockholder agreement with
Johnson & Johnson. Under the terms of the stockholder
agreement, these stockholders have agreed to vote all of their
shares of our common stock in favor of the merger and to take
certain related actions. In addition, the stockholders have
agreed to pay Johnson & Johnson 50% of the difference
between the per share amount that they receive, in their
capacity as stockholders, from our completion of an alternate
transaction (including a transaction with Johnson & Johnson
that would result in our stockholders receiving an amount that
is greater than $7.41 per share) and $7.41 per share. A copy of
the stockholder agreement is included in this proxy statement as
Annex B. You are encouraged to read it carefully and in its
entirety.

Solicitation of proxies and expenses (see
page 15).
 We will bear the cost
and expense associated with the solicitation of proxies from our
stockholders. In addition to solicitation by mail, our
directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies from our
stockholders by telephone, internet, facsimile, other electronic
means or in person. Brokerage houses, nominees, fiduciaries and
other custodians will be requested to forward soliciting
materials to beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their
reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxy materials to
beneficial owners.

The Merger

Structure of the merger (see
page 33).
 This proxy statement
relates to the proposed acquisition of our company by
Johnson & Johnson pursuant to a merger agreement, dated
as of November 12, 2002, among Johnson & Johnson,
Pivot Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
Johnson & Johnson, and us. If the merger is completed,
we will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson &
Johnson.

Consideration (see
page 33).
 At the closing of the
merger, our stockholders will receive, for each share of our
common stock they hold, the right to receive $7.41 in cash,
without interest. Based on the number of shares of our common
stock outstanding
on                     ,
2002 and assuming the conversion of all options, warrants and
other securities exchangeable or exercisable for our common
stock, the aggregate consideration paid by Johnson &
Johnson to our stockholders will be $104,940,713.59.

Options (see
page 33).
 Prior to the completion
of the merger, we will take all action necessary to adjust the
terms of all outstanding options to acquire shares of our common
stock, whether vested or unvested, to provide that, upon
completion of the merger, each option outstanding immediately
prior to the completion of the merger will be canceled and the
holder of that option will be entitled to receive a single lump
sum cash payment equal to the number of shares of our common
stock for which the option was exercisable, multiplied by the
excess, if any, of the $7.41 per share merger consideration over
the per share exercise price of the option; provided, however,
if the calculation described above results in a negative number,
no payment will be made with respect to the option.

Warrants (see
page 34).
 We have taken all
action necessary to cause each warrant to acquire shares of our
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the completion of
the merger to be canceled in exchange for a cash payment equal
to the number of shares of our common stock subject to the
warrant, multiplied by the excess, if any, of the $7.41 per
share merger consideration over the per share exercise price of
the warrant; provided, however, if the calculation described
above results in a negative number, no payment will be made with
respect to the warrant.

Closing.
 We expect
to close the merger as soon as practicable after the adoption of
the merger agreement by our stockholders and after all other
conditions to the merger have been satisfied or waived. At
present, we anticipate that the closing will occur promptly
following the special meeting of our stockholders.

Recommendation of our Board of Directors (see
page 22)

Our board of directors has unanimously determined
that the merger agreement is advisable, and that the terms of
the merger agreement and the transactions described in the
merger agreement are fair to, and in the best interests of, our
stockholders. 
The board of directors unanimously recommends
that our stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the
merger agreement.

Opinion of our Financial Advisor (see
page 22)

Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated acted
as our financial advisor in connection with the proposed merger.
We requested that Morgan Stanley, in its role as a financial
advisor, evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view,
of the consideration to be received by the holders of our common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement. On November 13,
2002, Morgan Stanley delivered its oral opinion, which it
subsequently confirmed in writing, to our board of directors
that, as of November 12, 2002, based upon and subject to
the considerations set forth in its opinion, the consideration
to be received by holders of our common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to
such holders.

The full text of Morgan Stanleys
fairness opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, factors
considered and limitations upon the review undertaken by Morgan
Stanley in rendering its opinion, is included in this proxy
statement as Annex C. We urge you to read this opinion
carefully and in its entirety. Morgan Stanleys opinion was
directed to our board of directors, addresses only the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be
received by the holders of shares of our common stock pursuant
to the merger agreement and does not address any other aspect of
the merger or constitute a recommendation to any holder of our
common stock as to how to vote at the special meeting.

Interests of Certain Directors And Executive
Officers In The Merger (see page 27)

In considering the recommendation of our board of
directors to vote for the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement, you should be aware that certain members of our board
of directors and executive officers have personal interests in
the merger that are different from, or in addition to, your
interests. These interests include the following:

 

each option to purchase our common stock held by
    directors and executive officers, as well as our employees, will
    be canceled upon the completion of the merger in exchange for a
    cash payment equal to the excess of the $7.41 per share merger
    consideration over the per share option exercise price,
    multiplied by the number of shares of our common stock subject
    to the option;

 

several of our executive officers will become
    entitled to receive severance payments and the continuation of
    certain health benefits for up to eighteen months in the event
    that their employment is terminated under certain circumstances
    within twelve months of the completion of the merger; and

 

the terms of the merger agreement provide for the
    continued indemnification and liability insurance coverage of
    our current directors and officers.

Our board of directors was aware of these
interests and considered them, among other matters, when
approving the merger. For a more complete description, see
The Merger  Interests of Our Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
of the Merger (see page 29)

The receipt of $7.41 in cash for each share of
our common stock pursuant to the merger will be a taxable
transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For
U.S. federal income tax purposes, generally you will
realize a taxable gain or loss as a result of the merger
measured by the difference, if any, between $7.41 per share and
your adjusted tax basis in that share. The receipt of cash in
exchange for the outstanding options and warrants will be a
taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Holders of options and warrants will recognize a gain or loss
equal to the difference between the amount of cash they receive
and their adjusted tax basis, if any, in the options or warrants
surrendered.

You should read The Merger 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
beginning on page 29 for a more complete discussion of the
federal income tax consequences of the merger. Tax matters can
be complicated and the tax consequences of the merger to you
will depend on your particular tax situation. You should consult
your tax advisor to fully understand the tax consequences of the
merger to you.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger (see
page 30)

Johnson & Johnson intends to treat the
merger as a purchase for accounting and financial reporting
purposes, in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 141, Business Combinations and
No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
This means that Johnson & Johnson will treat us as a
separate entity for periods prior to the completion of the
merger and, thereafter, our financial results will be
consolidated with Johnson & Johnsons financial results.

Appraisal Rights (see page 30)

Stockholders who do not wish to accept the $7.41
per share cash consideration payable pursuant to the merger may
seek, under Delaware law, judicial appraisal of the fair value
of their shares by the Delaware Court of Chancery. This value
could be more or less than or the same as the $7.41 in cash per
share merger consideration. This right of appraisal is subject
to a number of restrictions and technical requirements.
Generally, in order to exercise appraisal rights, among other
things:

 

you must not vote in favor of the proposal to
    adopt the merger agreement;

 

you must make a written demand on us for
    appraisal in compliance with Delaware law before the vote on the
    proposal to adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting;
    and

 

you must hold your shares of record continuously
    from the time of making a written demand for appraisal until the
    completion of the merger.

Merely voting against the merger agreement will
not preserve your right of appraisal under Delaware law. Also,
because a submitted proxy not marked against or
abstain will be voted for the proposal
to adopt the merger agreement, the submission of a proxy not
marked against or abstain will result in
the waiver of appraisal rights. If you hold shares in the name
of a broker or other nominee, you must instruct your nominee to
take the steps necessary to enable you to assert appraisal
rights. If you or your nominee fails to follow all of the steps
required by the statute, you will lose your right of appraisal.

Annex D to this proxy statement contains the
relevant provisions of Delaware law relating to your right of
appraisal. We encourage you to read these provisions carefully
and in their entirety.

The Paying Agent (see page 34)

JPMorgan Chase or another comparable institution
will act as the paying agent in connection with the merger.

Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to
Complete the Merger (see page 30)

The merger is subject to discretionary review by
the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice
and the Federal Trade Commission to determine whether it is in
compliance with applicable antitrust laws. The Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 prohibits us from completing
the merger until we have furnished certain information and
materials to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice
and the Federal Trade Commission, and the required waiting
period has ended. Both Johnson & Johnson and we intend
to file the required notification and report forms as soon as
practicable. The completion of the merger also is subject to
compliance with applicable laws of the State of Delaware.

The Merger Agreement (see
page 36)

The merger agreement provides a detailed
description of the surviving corporation, our representations
and warranties to Johnson & Johnson covenants relating
to the conduct of our business, consents and approvals required
for and conditions to the completion of the merger and our
ability to consider other acquisition proposals. The merger
agreement also provides for the automatic conversion of our
certificates into the right to receive the $7.41 per share
merger consideration after the effective time of the merger and
instructions on how to exchange our certificates for the merger
consideration.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (see
page 45).
 The merger agreement
contains provisions addressing the circumstances under which the
merger agreement may be terminated by Johnson & Johnson
or us. In addition, the merger agreement provides that, in
certain circumstances, we may be required to pay
Johnson & Johnson a termination fee of $4,400,000. For
a more complete description, see The Merger
Agreement  Termination of the Merger Agreement
and  Fees and Expenses.

A COPY OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS INCLUDED IN
THIS PROXY STATEMENT AS ANNEX A. YOU ARE STRONGLY
ENCOURAGED TO READ IT CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.

THE COMPANIES

OraPharma, Inc.

We are a specialty pharmaceutical company with an
initial product entry in the emerging field of oral health care
that discovers, develops and commercializes therapeutics for
oral health care, oncology and orthopedics. Our initial product,
Arestin
TM
, which represents a promising therapeutic
advance for the adjunct treatment of periodontal disease, was
approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration in
February 2001 and launched on April 2, 2001. Our new
product development programs include OC-1012, a compound for the
treatment of mucositis, a complication of cancer therapy, as
well as OC-1016, an agent for bone and tissue regeneration. In
addition, we have earlier stage product development initiatives
focused on a drug delivery system focused primarily on large
molecule drugs, a next-generation periodontal therapeutic and a
dental trauma preparation. In October 2002, in connection with a
distribution agreement with Kensey Nash Corporation, we began
distributing Epi-Guide Periodontal Barrier Matrix and Drilac
Surgical Dressing. For the nine months ended September 30,
2002, we reported revenues of $14.8 million, a net loss of
$16.7 million and a net loss per share of $1.23. For the
full year 2002, we announced that we expect to report revenues
in the range of $21 million, a net loss of approximately
$21 million and a net loss per share of approximately
$1.55. We were incorporated in the State of Delaware in 1996 and
currently have approximately 146 employees. The address of our
principal executive offices is 732 Louis Drive, Warminster, PA
18974, and the telephone number at that address is
(215) 956-2200. Additional information regarding our
business is contained in our filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. See Where You Can Find Additional
Information on page 55.

Johnson & Johnson

Johnson & Johnson, with approximately
107,000 employees, is one of the worlds largest
manufacturers of health care products, as well as a provider of
related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical and medical
devices and diagnostics markets. Johnson & Johnson has
more than 197 operating companies in 51 countries around the
world, selling products in more than 175 countries.

Johnson & Johnsons worldwide
business is divided into three segments: consumer,
pharmaceutical and medical devices and diagnostics. The consumer
segments principal products are personal care and hygienic
products, including nonprescription drugs, adult skin and hair
care products, baby care products, oral care products, first aid
products and sanitary protection products. These products are
marketed principally to the general public and distributed both
to wholesalers and directly to independent and chain retail
outlets.

The pharmaceutical segments principal
worldwide franchises are in the antifungal, anti-infective,
cardiovascular, dermatology, gastrointestinal, hematology,
immunology, neurology, oncology, pain management, psychotropic,
urology and womens health fields. These products are
distributed both directly and through wholesalers for use by
health care professionals and the general public.

The medical devices and diagnostics segment
includes a broad range of products used by or under the
direction of health care professionals, including, suture and
mechanical wound closure products, surgical equipment and
devices, wound management and infection prevention products,
interventional and diagnostic cardiology products, diagnostic
equipment and supplies, joint replacements and disposable
contact lenses. These products are used principally in the
professional fields by physicians, nurses, therapists,
hospitals, diagnostic laboratories and clinics. Distribution to
these markets is done both directly and through surgical supply
and other dealers.

Johnson & Johnson was organized in the
State of New Jersey in 1887. The address of its principal
executive offices is One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New
Brunswick, New Jersey 08933, and the telephone number at that
address is (732) 524-0400.

Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.

Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.
is a Delaware corporation that was formed solely for the purpose
of facilitating our acquisition by Johnson & Johnson.
The address of its principal executive offices is One
Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey
08933, and the telephone number at that address is
(732) 524-0400.

THE SPECIAL MEETING

We are furnishing this proxy statement to our
stockholders, as of the record date, as part of the solicitation
of proxies by our board of directors for use at the special
meeting.

Date, Time and Place

The special meeting of our stockholders will be
held at our corporate headquarters, which are located at 732
Louis Drive, Warminster, Pennsylvania 18974, at 10:00 a.m.,
local time,
on                     ,
2003.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

At the special meeting, we will ask our
stockholders to adopt the merger agreement. Our board of
directors has determined that the merger and the other
transactions described in the merger agreement are advisable to,
and in the best interests of, our stockholders, and has approved
the merger agreement and unanimously recommends that our
stockholders vote 
FOR
 the adoption of the
merger agreement.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote;
Quorum

Only holders of record of our common stock at the
close of business
on                     ,
2002, the record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at
the special meeting. On the record
date,      shares of our common stock
were issued and outstanding and held by
approximately  holders of record. A quorum is present at
the special meeting if a majority of all the shares of our
common stock issued and outstanding on the record date and
entitled to vote at the special meeting are represented at the
special meeting in person or by a properly executed proxy. In
the event that a quorum is not present at the special meeting,
it is expected that the meeting will be adjourned or postponed
to solicit additional proxies. Holders of record of our common
stock on the record date are entitled to one vote per share on
each matter submitted to a vote at the special meeting.

Vote Required

The adoption of the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of stockholders holding a majority of the
shares of our common stock outstanding on the record date.
Because the required vote of our stockholders is based upon the
number of outstanding shares of our common stock, rather than
upon the shares actually voted, the failure by the holder of any
such shares to submit a proxy or to vote in person at the
special meeting, including abstentions and broker non-votes,
will have the same effect as a vote against the adoption of the
merger agreement.

Shares Owned by Our Directors, Executive
Officers and Their Associates

At the close of business on the record date, our
directors and executive officers and their associates
beneficially owned and were entitled to vote
[1,907,670] shares of our common stock, which represented
approximately [14]% of the shares of our common stock
outstanding on that date. Under the terms of the stockholder
agreement, certain of our directors and executive officers as
well as certain other stockholders have agreed to vote their
shares of our common stock for the adoption of the merger
agreement. On the record date, these directors, officers and
stockholders owned [3,540,697] shares of our common stock,
or approximately [26]% of the shares of our common stock
outstanding on the record date.

Voting of Proxies

All shares represented by properly executed
proxies received prior to the special meeting will be voted at
the special meeting in the manner specified by the holders.
Properly executed proxies that do not contain voting
instructions will be voted 
FOR
 the adoption
of the merger agreement. Shares of our common stock represented
at the special meeting but not voting, including shares of our
common stock for which proxies have been received but for which
holders of shares have abstained, will be treated as present at
the special meeting for purposes of determining the presence or
absence of a quorum for the transaction of all business.

Only shares affirmatively voted for the adoption
of the merger agreement, including properly executed proxies
that do not contain voting instructions, will be counted as
favorable votes for that proposal. If a stockholder abstains
from voting or does not execute a proxy, it will effectively
count as a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement.
Brokers who hold shares of our common stock in street
name for customers who are the beneficial owners of such
shares may not give a proxy to vote those customers shares
in the absence of specific instructions from those customers.
These non-voted shares are referred to as broker non-votes.
Broker non-votes will be counted as present for purposes of
determining whether a quorum exists and will be counted as votes
against the adoption of the merger agreement.

The persons named as proxies by a stockholder who
votes for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement may propose
and vote for one or more adjournments of the special meeting,
including adjournments to permit further solicitations of
proxies. No proxy voted against the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement will be voted in favor of any such adjournment or
postponement.

We do not expect that any matter other than the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement will be brought before
the special meeting. If, however, other matters are brought
before the special meeting, the persons named as proxies will
vote in accordance with their judgment.

Revocability of Proxies

A stockholder can change its vote or revoke its
proxy at any time before the proxy is voted at the special
meeting. A stockholder may accomplish this in one of three ways.
First, a stockholder can send a written notice stating that it
would like to revoke its proxy. Second, a stockholder can
complete and submit a new proxy bearing a later date. If a
stockholder chooses either of these two methods, it must submit
its notice of revocation or its new proxy to us prior to the
special meeting at 732 Louis Drive, Warminster, PA 18974,
Attention: Secretary. Third, a stockholder can attend the
special meeting and deliver a signed notice of revocation,
deliver a later-dated duly executed proxy, or vote in person.
Attendance at the special meeting will not in and of itself
constitute revocation of a proxy. If you have instructed your
broker to vote your shares, you must follow directions from your
broker to change these instructions.

Solicitation of Proxies

We will bear the cost of the solicitation of
proxies from our stockholders. In addition to solicitation by
mail, our directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies
from stockholders by telephone or other electronic means or in
person. We will cause brokerage houses and other custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries to forward solicitation materials to
the beneficial owners of stock held of record by such persons.
We will reimburse such custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in doing so.

Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc.
will assist in our solicitation of proxies. We will pay
Georgeson a fee of $10,000, plus reimbursement of certain
out-of-pocket expenses, and will indemnify Georgeson against any
losses arising out of its proxy solicitation services on our
behalf.

STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND STOCK
CERTIFICATES WITH THEIR PROXIES.
 A
transmittal form with instructions for the surrender of
certificates representing shares of our common stock will be
mailed to stockholders shortly after completion of the merger.

THE MERGER

While we believe that the following
description covers the material terms of the merger and the
related transactions, this summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to you. You should carefully read
this entire document, including the annexes, and the other
documents we refer to for a more complete understanding of the
merger and the related transactions.

Background of the Merger

During the summer of 2001, with the help of an
independent consultant, we identified a need to expand our
product offerings to our customer base. We then reviewed our
strategic plan and strategic alternatives and began considering
various business relationships. We spoke with a number of
companies on potential strategic alliances, ranging from product
co-promotion scenarios to business combinations. None of these
discussions progressed beyond the early stages or expressions of
interest, except for our discussions with Kensey Nash
Corporation, with whom we entered into a distribution
partnership on August 19, 2002, and Johnson &
Johnson, as described below.

From time to time between January 2002 and June
2002, we held a number of preliminary discussions focused on
possible strategic alliances with two publicly-traded
biopharmaceutical companies, regarding strategic transactions
ranging from a co-promotion of products to an acquisition of one
of those companies by us. These discussions were suspended in
June 2002, due to our view, which was shared by each of these
companies, that there was a questionable basis for these
alliances.

In March 2002, Johnson & Johnson
initiated discussions with us regarding potential product
co-promotion opportunities. Between March 2002 and June 2002, we
held several meetings with Johnson & Johnson, all of
which were focused on potential product co-promotion scenarios.

On May 10, 2002, we entered into a
confidentiality agreement with Johnson & Johnson
Consumer Companies, Inc., which focused on co-promotional
activities.

In early June 2002, one of our directors was told
by a director of another publicly-traded biopharmaceutical
company (Company A) that Company A might
have a possible interest in entering into merger discussions
with us.

On June 5, 2002, Michael Kishbauch, our President
and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Carbeau, our former Vice
President of Corporate Development, had a dinner meeting with
Michael Sneed and Ronald Stricklin, the President and the Vice
President, WW Business Development, respectively, of Personal
Products Company, a division of McNeil-PPC, Inc., a subsidiary
of Johnson & Johnson. During the course of this
meeting, the parties discussed a variety of potential business
arrangements, including a possible acquisition of us by
Johnson & Johnson.

On June 7, 2002, Mr. Kishbauch met with
the president and chief executive officer, and the senior
director of business development of a publicly-traded
pharmaceutical company (Company B) to discuss a
variety of potential strategic transactions, ranging from a
co-promotion transaction to a business combination transaction.
These discussions were general in nature and did not lead to any
follow-up meetings between us and Company B.

On June 18, 2002, at a regular meeting of
our board of directors, our board of directors was advised that
at the June 5, 2002 meeting, the subject of a potential
acquisition of us by Johnson & Johnson had been raised.
We then decided to engage a financial advisor to assist us in
the evaluation process.

Between June 18 and July 12, 2002, we
notified Dechert, our legal counsel, and KPMG LLP, our
independent public accountants, that we would begin seeking
their advice with respect to a potential transaction with
Johnson & Johnson.

Between June 26 and August 19, 2002, we
interviewed potential financial advisors and engaged Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney and
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to perform strategic and

valuation analyses of our company. Subsequently,
we entered into engagement letters with each of these firms to
provide financial advisory services in connection with a
potential transaction.

On July 12, 2002, Mr. Kishbauch, James
Ratigan, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Carbeau made
a presentation at a Johnson & Johnson facility in
Skillman, New Jersey, to Messrs. Sneed and Stricklin,
Robert ONeil, WW Vice President, Business Development,
Johnson & Johnson Consumer and Personal Care Group, and
Aileen Stockburger, Vice President, WW Licensing &
Acquisitions, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies,
Inc., regarding the market potential for Arestin, as well as our
other product candidates in development. Following that meeting,
Johnson & Johnson indicated that they were interested
in conducting a business, financial and legal due diligence
review of us with a view to a potential acquisition of our
company.

Between July 12, 2002 and August 19,
2002, our board of directors was advised on numerous occasions
by Mr. Kishbauch of our various discussions with
Johnson & Johnson, and agreed that we should advance
those discussions and execute both an amended confidentiality
agreement, as well as an exclusivity agreement with
Johnson & Johnson.

On July 25, 2002, Mr. Kishbauch,
Dr. Jesse Treu and David Scheer, two members of our board,
met with Messrs. Sneed and ONeil. At this meeting,
our representatives inquired as to Johnson &
Johnsons valuation of our company. The Johnson &
Johnson representatives were not prepared to discuss valuation
at that time.

On August 2, 2002, we executed an amended
and restated confidentiality agreement with Johnson &
Johnson. This agreement amended the confidentiality agreement,
which focused on co-promotional activities, that was executed on
May 10, 2002.

On August 9, 2002, we executed an
exclusivity agreement with Johnson & Johnson which,
subject to certain exceptions for ongoing discussions with
Company A and Company B, prohibited our engaging in
discussions with other parties regarding a business combination
between us and a third party through October 4, 2002.

On August 19, 2002, we held a regular
meeting of our board of directors during which our board of
directors was updated on the progress of our discussions with
Johnson & Johnson. Our board was advised that these
discussions focused on Johnson & Johnsons
strategic interest in acquiring us, together with the
information and data that Johnson & Johnson requested
from us. Our board was also advised that Johnson &
Johnson was scheduled to begin their business, financial and
legal due diligence review on August 20, 2002.

On August 20, 2002, Johnson &
Johnson began its business, financial and legal due diligence
review of our business and technology at the Princeton, New
Jersey offices of Dechert. This review focused on the
information and data that we had provided to Johnson &
Johnson.

On August 28, 2002, Mr. Kishbauch and
the president and chief executive officer of Company A
spoke telephonically to discuss a potential merger between us
and Company A. This discussion was followed up by a meeting
on September 5, 2002, between Mr. Kishbauch and the
president and chief executive officer of Company A. At that
meeting, the parties discussed the possible operating expense
reductions and revenue synergies that would be possible if the
companies were merged.

On September 6, 2002,
Messrs. Kishbauch, Sneed and ONeil met to continue
discussions about the potential acquisition of us by
Johnson & Johnson. At this meeting, the participants
discussed the proposed transaction, including potential
financial, legal and other terms and conditions for the
acquisition of us by Johnson & Johnson.
Mr. Kishbauch subsequently advised a number of the members
of our board of directors of these discussions.

On September 13, 2002, Mr. Kishbauch
continued discussions with Mr. ONeil regarding
potential financial and other terms and conditions for a
possible acquisition of us by Johnson & Johnson. No
agreement was reached regarding the financial terms of a
possible acquisition.

On September 16, 2002,
Messrs. Kishbauch and Ratigan met with the president and
chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of
Company A to further discuss a possible business
combination. The representatives of Company A indicated
that they had retained a financial advisor, but they were not
prepared

to discuss what they believed the relative values
of the two companies would be in a merger. These discussions did
not lead to any follow-up meetings between us and Company A.

On September 26, 2002,
Messrs. Kishbauch and Ratigan and Russell Secter, our Vice
President of Sales and Marketing, made a presentation regarding
the market potential for Arestin, as well as our product
candidates in development, together with our marketing strategy
and sales tactics related to Arestin, to Messrs. Sneed and
ONeil in Skillman, New Jersey.

On October 2, 2002, Mr. Kishbauch met
with Mr. ONeil to further discuss the potential
acquisition of us by Johnson & Johnson. During this
meeting, the participants discussed the proposed transaction,
including potential financial, legal and other terms and
conditions for the acquisition of us by Johnson &
Johnson. Mr. Kishbauch subsequently advised a number of the
members of our board of directors of these discussions.

On October 8, 2002, Mr. Kishbauch,
Mr. Ratigan, Dr. Treu and a representative of Morgan
Stanley met with Mr. Sneed, Mr. ONeil and
Ms. Stockburger to continue discussions concerning the
terms of the potential acquisition. The parties adjourned that
meeting without reaching any agreement on an appropriate
valuation for an acquisition of us by Johnson &
Johnson. On October 9, 2002, Mr. Kishbauch called
Mr. ONeil to discuss further potential financial and
other terms and conditions for the possible acquisition of us by
Johnson & Johnson.

On October 10, 2002,
Messrs. ONeil and Sneed called Mr. Kishbauch and
proposed terms of an all cash merger with revised financial
terms that ultimately resulted in a per share merger
consideration of $7.41, subject to the finalization of our fully
diluted share capitalization information, the satisfactory
completion of business, financial and legal due diligence and
the satisfactory resolution of the terms of the merger agreement
and the stockholder agreement.

On the morning of October 11, 2002, our
board of directors held a special telephonic meeting.
Mr. Kishbauch updated the board on the status of
discussions with Johnson & Johnson and described for
the board Johnson & Johnsons October 10th
proposal. After extensive discussions regarding the proposed
merger, the board agreed that the October 10th proposal
provided a basis to move forward with negotiations. That
afternoon, following the board meeting, Mr. Kishbauch
telephoned Mr. ONeil of Johnson & Johnson to
communicate the outcome of the boards deliberations.

Due diligence by Johnson & Johnson
continued and further discussions took place between us and
Johnson & Johnson and between our respective legal
counsel. On October 15, 2002, Mr. ONeil informed
Mr. Kishbauch that Johnson & Johnsons
Executive Committee had approved the acquisition of us by
Johnson & Johnson on the terms outlined by
Johnson & Johnson on October 10th, subject to the
completion of due diligence and the satisfactory resolution of
remaining financial, legal and other terms of the merger
agreement and the stockholder agreement.

Between October 15 and November 5,
2002, Johnson & Johnson continued its business,
financial and legal due diligence review of our business and
technology.

On October 21, 2002, Johnson &
Johnson submitted draft merger and stockholder agreements to us
through their legal counsel, Cravath, Swaine & Moore.
Negotiations commenced on the terms of the merger agreement and
the stockholder agreement, and continued over the next several
days.

On the morning of October 22, 2002, our
board of directors held a regular meeting, during which the
board discussed the proposed transaction with Johnson &
Johnson and strategic alternatives. The board discussed the
financial and other terms of the proposal by Johnson &
Johnson including the restrictions on our ability to solicit
other proposals and the proposed terms of the stockholder
agreement obligating certain of our stockholders to vote in
favor of the proposed transaction with Johnson & Johnson.
Representatives of Morgan Stanley then led a detailed discussion
with our board of directors of the strategic alternatives
available to us, including a merger, a strategic partnership or
continuing to operate as a stand-alone company and valuation
issues regarding Johnson & Johnsons proposal.
Representatives of Dechert then discussed the fiduciary duties
of our board of directors in the context of a potential sale of
our company. A discussion about other potential

interested parties ensued among the members of
our board of directors. Our board of directors concluded the
meeting by authorizing our management to continue the
negotiations with Johnson & Johnson.

Following a negotiation with Johnson &
Johnson and its counsel on the terms in the proposed drafts and
after reviewing the merger agreement and the stockholder
agreement with members of our management, Dechert submitted a
revised merger agreement and a revised stockholder agreement on
October 28 and 29, 2002, respectively, to
Johnson & Johnson and Cravath.

On the afternoon of October 31, 2002, we
held a brief special meeting of the board by telephone to update
the board of directors on the critical open issues in the
transaction agreements and the discussions that had taken place
to date. Also that evening, Johnson & Johnson, through
Cravath, sent a revised merger agreement to Dechert.

From November 1 through November 12,
2002, our representatives, representatives of Johnson &
Johnson and our respective legal counsel continued to negotiate
the terms of the merger agreement and the stockholder agreement.
During that period, upon receipt of the fully diluted share
capitalization information, our representatives and
representatives of Johnson & Johnson discussed and
agreed upon the appropriate per share merger consideration of
$7.41 per share, subject to the completion of the remaining due
diligence and the finalization of the legal and other terms of
the merger agreement and the stockholder agreement.

On the afternoon of November 5, 2002, our
board of directors held a special meeting at the offices of
Dechert in New York City. Mr. Kishbauch updated the board
on the status of discussions with Johnson & Johnson. A
representative of Dechert then summarized the material
outstanding issues in the merger agreement and the stockholder
agreement. After extensive discussions regarding the proposed
merger, the board reaffirmed its position that the
October 10th proposal of $7.41 per share provided a
basis to move forward with negotiations, provided that a
satisfactory resolution could be reached on the other material
terms of the transaction agreements. Later that afternoon,
Mr. Kishbauch contacted Mr. ONeil to communicate
the outcome of the boards deliberations.

On the afternoon of November 10, 2002, our
board of directors held a special telephonic meeting to discuss
the progress of the negotiations with Johnson &
Johnson. The board discussed the final outstanding issues in the
merger agreement and the status of Johnson &
Johnsons due diligence review. On November 11, 2002,
our board of directors held a special meeting with
representatives of both Dechert and Morgan Stanley present. Our
board of directors was advised of the progress made since the
board meeting held on November 5, 2002. Representatives of
Dechert summarized the terms of the merger agreement, the
stockholder agreement and the amendment to our rights agreement.
A representative of Morgan Stanley then reviewed with our board
of directors Morgan Stanleys financial analyses with
respect to the proposed transaction.

Johnson & Johnson continued its due
diligence review into the evening of November 12, 2002.
Late in the evening on November 12, 2002,
Johnson & Johnson completed its due diligence review
and the merger agreement and stockholder agreement were
finalized.

On November 13, 2002, at a special meeting
at 7:45 AM E.S.T., Mr. Kishbauch advised our
board of directors of the resolution of the outstanding due
diligence matters and the finalization of the merger agreement
and the stockholder agreement. Morgan Stanley then delivered its
oral opinion, which it subsequently confirmed in writing, to our
board of directors that, as of November 12, 2002, based
upon and subject to the considerations set forth in the opinion,
the consideration to be received by the holders of our common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a
financial point of view, to such holders. After discussion, our
board of directors unanimously determined that the merger
agreement, the merger and the transactions described in the
merger agreement were fair to, and in the best interests of, our
company and our stockholders, approved and declared advisable
the merger agreement, authorized management to execute the
merger agreement and resolved to recommend that our stockholders
vote to adopt the merger agreement.

Later that morning and before the United States
financial markets opened, we executed the merger agreement with
Johnson & Johnson and Pivot Merger Sub, Inc., dated as
of November 12, 2002, and the stockholder agreement was
executed by the relevant stockholders.

Reasons for the Merger

In the course of reaching its decision to approve
the merger and the merger agreement, our board of directors
considered and reviewed with our senior management and outside
advisors a number of general factors relevant to the merger,
including our strategic business plan, our commercial
operations, our current products, our product candidates under
development, our research and development programs, our
financial position, current securities market conditions and our
potential for growth in revenues and earnings.

Our board of directors also considered a number
of potentially positive factors in its deliberations, including,
among other matters:

 

the current and historical market prices of our
    common stock relative to the $7.41 per share merger
    consideration, and the fact that $7.41 per share represented a
    67% premium over the average closing price of our common stock
    over the one-month period, and an 80% premium over the average
    closing price of our common stock over the twelve-month period,
    in each case up to and including November 12, 2002;

 

the belief by our board of directors that we have
    obtained the highest price per share that Johnson &
    Johnson is willing to pay;

 

our assessment as to the low likelihood that a
    third party would offer a higher price than Johnson &
    Johnson;

 

the fact that the merger consideration is all
    cash, which provides certainty of value to holders of our common
    stock compared to a transaction in which stockholders would
    receive stock;

 

the view of management that the trading value for
    shares of our common stock was not likely to exceed the $7.41
    per share merger consideration in the near term if we remained
    independent;

 

the support for the merger expressed by our
    principal stockholders, as evidenced by the stockholder
    agreement;

 

the potential stockholder value that could be
    expected to be generated from the other strategic options
    available to us, including remaining independent and continuing
    to implement our growth strategy or pursuing other strategic
    alternatives, as well as the risks and uncertainties associated
    with those alternatives, and the board of directors
    assessment that none of these options were reasonably likely to
    create greater value than the merger;

 

Johnson & Johnsons intention to operate
    us as a wholly owned subsidiary, retaining our name,
    organization and employee base;

 

the financial analyses of Morgan Stanley
    presented to our board of directors on November 11, 2002,
    and the oral opinion of Morgan Stanley delivered on
    November 13th, which it subsequently confirmed in writing,
    to our board of directors that, as of November 12, 2002,
    based upon and subject to the matters set forth in its opinion,
    the consideration to be received by holders of our common stock
    pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial
    point of view, to such holders;

 

discussions with our management and Morgan
    Stanley regarding the potential transaction with
    Johnson & Johnson and our business, financial
    condition, competitive position, business strategy, strategic
    options and prospects, as well as the risks involved in
    achieving these prospects, the nature of our business and the
    industry in which we compete, and current industry, economic and
    market conditions, both on an historical and on a prospective
    basis;

 

the fact that the merger would be subject to the
    approval of our stockholders and that if a higher offer were to
    be made to our stockholders prior to the completion of the
    merger, our stockholders would be free to reject the transaction
    with Johnson & Johnson;

 

the availability of appraisal rights for our
    stockholders who properly exercise their statutory appraisal
    rights;

 

the terms of the merger agreement, as reviewed by
    our board of directors with our legal advisors, including:

 

sufficient operating flexibility for us to
    conduct our business in the ordinary course between signing and
    closing;

 

the absence of a financing condition; and

 

our ability to furnish information to and conduct
    negotiations with a third party and enter into an agreement
    relating to a superior proposal under certain circumstances, as
    more fully described under The Merger
    Agreement  No Solicitation;

 

managements assessment, after its review
    and discussion with Morgan Stanley, among others, that
    Johnson & Johnson has the financial capability to
    complete the merger; and

 

in the view of our board of directors, based upon
    the advice of management after consultation with its legal
    counsel, that the regulatory approvals necessary to complete the
    merger could be obtained.

Our board of directors also considered a number
of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning
the merger, including, but not limited to:

 

that we will no longer exist as an independent
    company and our stockholders will no longer participate in our
    growth;

 

that, under the terms of the merger agreement and
    the stockholder agreement, neither we nor the relevant
    stockholders can solicit other acquisition proposals, we must
    pay to Johnson & Johnson a termination fee if the
    merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, and
    the holders of approximately 26% of our common stock have agreed
    to vote for the merger, all of which may deter others from
    proposing an alternative transaction that may be more
    advantageous to our stockholders;

 

that, under the terms of the stockholder
    agreement, the relevant stockholders have agreed to pay
    Johnson & Johnson 50% of the difference between the per
    share amount that they receive, in their capacity as
    stockholders, from our completion of an alternate transaction
    (including a transaction with Johnson & Johnson that
    would result in our stockholders receiving an amount that is
    greater than $7.41 per share) and $7.41 per share, which may
    deter others from proposing an alternative transaction that may
    be more advantageous to our stockholders;

 

the fact that gains from an all-cash transaction
    would be taxable to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax
    purposes; and

 

that if the merger does not close, our employees
    will have expended extensive efforts to attempt to complete the
    transaction and will have experienced significant distractions
    from their work during the pendency of the transaction.

During its consideration of the transaction with
Johnson & Johnson, our board of directors was also
aware that some of our directors and executive officers may have
interests in the merger that are different from or in addition
to those of our stockholders generally, as described under
The Merger  Interests of Our Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger. Our board of directors
also considered the impact of the merger on our customers,
suppliers and employees.

This summary is not meant to be an exhaustive
description of the information and factors considered by our
board of directors but is believed to address the material
information and factors considered. In view of the wide variety
of factors considered by our board of directors, it is not
possible to quantify or to give relative weights to the various
factors. After taking into consideration all the factors set
forth above, as well as other factors not specifically described
above, our board of directors approved the merger and the merger
agreement and the transactions described in the merger agreement
because of their belief that the merger is advisable to, and in
the best interests of, our stockholders.

Recommendation of Our Board of
Directors

After careful consideration, our board of
directors has approved the merger agreement and determined that
the merger and the other transactions described in the merger
agreement are advisable to, and in the best interests of, our
stockholders. Our board of directors unanimously recommends that
our stockholders vote 
FOR
 the adoption of the
merger agreement.

Opinion of Our Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated

We retained Morgan Stanley to provide us with
financial advisory services in connection with the merger. We
selected Morgan Stanley to act as our financial advisor based on
Morgan Stanleys qualifications, expertise and reputation
and its knowledge of our business and affairs. At the meeting of
our board of directors on November 13, 2002, Morgan Stanley
rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing,
that, as of November 12, 2002, based upon and subject to
the considerations set forth in its opinion, the consideration
to be received by the holders of shares of our common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial
point of view, to such holders.

The full text of Morgan Stanleys opinion,
dated as of November 12, 2002, which sets forth, among
other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations upon the review undertaken by Morgan
Stanley in rendering its opinion, is included in this proxy
statement as Annex C. We urge you to read this opinion
carefully and in its entirety. Morgan Stanleys opinion was
directed to our board of directors, addresses only the fairness
from a financial point of view of the consideration to be
received by the holders of shares of our common stock pursuant
to the merger agreement, and does not address any other aspect
of the merger or constitute a recommendation to any holder of
our common stock as to how to vote at the special meeting. This
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the opinion.

In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan
Stanley, among other things:

 

reviewed certain of our publicly available
    financial statements and other information;

 

reviewed certain of our internal financial
    statements and other financial and operating data prepared by
    our management;

 

reviewed certain financial forecasts prepared by
    our management;

 

reviewed certain of our financial forecasts
    contained in certain publicly available securities
    analysts research reports;

 

discussed our past and current operations and
    financial condition and our prospects with our senior executives;

 

reviewed the reported prices and trading activity
    for our common stock;

 

compared our financial performance and the prices
    and trading activity of our common stock with that of certain
    comparable publicly-traded companies and their securities;

 

reviewed the financial terms, to the extent
    publicly available, of certain comparable acquisition
    transactions;

 

participated in discussions and negotiations
    among our representatives, representatives of Johnson &
    Johnson and our financial and legal advisors;

 

reviewed the draft merger agreement, the draft
    stockholder agreement, and certain related documents; and

 

considered such other factors and performed such
    other analyses as Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate.

In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed and relied
upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and
completeness of the information supplied or otherwise made
available to it for the purposes of its opinion. With respect to
the financial forecasts, Morgan Stanley assumed that they have
been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the future financial
performance of our business. In addition, Morgan Stanley has
assumed that the merger will be consummated in accordance with

the terms set forth in the merger agreement.
Morgan Stanley relied upon, without independent verification,
the assessment by our management of the validity of, and risks
associated with, our existing and future technologies. Morgan
Stanley has not made any independent valuation or appraisal of
the assets or liabilities of our company, nor has Morgan Stanley
been furnished with any such appraisals. Morgan Stanleys
opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and
other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to it as of, the date thereof.

In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley was
not authorized to solicit, and did not solicit, interest from
any party with respect to the acquisition, business combination
or other extraordinary transaction involving us or any of our
assets, nor did Morgan Stanley negotiate with any of the
parties, other than Johnson & Johnson, which expressed
interest in the possible acquisition of us or certain of our
constituent businesses.

The following is a summary of the material
financial analyses performed by Morgan Stanley in connection
with its oral opinion and its written opinion, each as of
November 12, 2002. These summaries of financial analyses
include information presented in tabular format. In order to
fully understand the financial analyses performed by Morgan
Stanley, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of any of the financial analyses.

Our Stock Price Performance.

Morgan Stanley reviewed the recent stock price
performance of our common stock over various time periods ending
on November 6, 2002. The following table lists the low,
high and average closing prices of our common stock as of the
specified date or over the specified period.

Actual/Average Price of

Time Period

OraPharma Common Stock(1)($)

Last Twelve Months High

$

5.30

Last Twelve Months Low

2.50

IPO Price

18.00

Average Since IPO

6.97

2-Year Average Closing Price

5.59

One-Year Average Closing Price

4.12

Three-Month Average Closing Price

4.21

Two-Month Average Closing Price

4.32

One-Month Average Closing Price

4.45

Current Closing Price

4.38

Note: (1) Prices are based on calendar
days.

Security Research Analysts Price Target.

Morgan Stanley reviewed the
twelve-month public market trading price target for our common
stock prepared and published by our only currently active
security research analyst on October 29, 2002. The target
reflects the analysts estimate of the future public market
trading price of our shares of common stock. Using an equity
cost of capital of 16%, Morgan Stanley discounted the
analysts price target twelve months to arrive at a present
value of this price target. Morgan Stanley arrived at a present
value of approximately $12.93 based upon this analysis.

Comparable Publicly Traded Company Analysis.

Morgan Stanley compared certain of our
financial information with that group of publicly traded
companies operating in a similar industry segment as us. This
group, referred to as Dental Comparables, included:

Dentsply International Inc.

Sybron Dental Specialties Inc.

Atrix Laboratories Inc.

Lifecore Biomedical Inc.

CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Biora AB

The financial information reviewed by Morgan
Stanley included the ratios of our closing share price of $4.38
as of November 6, 2002, to projected 2003 earnings per
share (EPS) and to projected 2004 EPS as well as the
ratios of the aggregate value of $36.2MM as of November 6,
2002, to projected 2002 revenue and aggregate value to projected
2003 revenue. The following table shows the results of Morgan
Stanleys observations:

Share Price(1)/

Share Price(1)/

2003E EPS

2004E EPS

Mean

Median

Mean

Median

Dental Comparables

34.7

x

30.5

x

21.2

x

16.6

x

Note: (1) Price as of November 6,

Aggregate

Aggregate

Value(1)/

Value(1)/

2002E Revenue

2003E Revenue

Mean

Median

Mean

Median

Dental Comparables

3.4

x

2.5

x

2.5

x

2.2

x

Note: (1) Aggregate value as of
November 6, 2002

Morgan Stanley noted that as of November 6,
2002, our implied share price was in the range of $6.06 to
$9.05, as compared to the $7.41 per share merger consideration.

Selected Precedent Transactions
    Analysis

Using publicly available information, Morgan
Stanley reviewed the terms of certain announced, pending and
completed comparable dental-related acquisition transactions.
Its review focused on the following precedent transactions:

 

the acquisition of Partial Denture Business of
    Austenal Inc. by Dentsply International Inc.;

 

the acquisition of Degussa Dental Group by
    Dentsply International Inc.;

 

the acquisition of CeraMed Dental by Dentsply
    International Inc.;

 

the acquisition of AstraZenecas Injectible
    Dental Anesthetic Assets by Dentsply International Inc.;

 

the acquisition of Friadent GmbH by Dentsply
    International Inc.;

 

the acquisition of Paragon Implant Company by
    Sulzer Medica;

 

the acquisition of Block Drug Company, Inc. by
    SmithKline Beecham;

 

the acquisition of ESPE Dental AG by 3M;

 

the acquisition of H. Meer Dental Supply Co.,
    Inc. by Henry Schein, Inc.;

 

the acquisition of Steri-Oss by Nobel Biocare AG;
    and

 

the acquisition of Sullivan Dental Products by
    Henry Schein, Inc.

For each of the transactions above, Morgan
Stanley reviewed the aggregate value of the consideration paid
at the time of announcement and calculated the ratios of the
aggregate value to the acquired companys last twelve
months revenue and aggregate value to one year forward
revenue.

Aggregate

Aggregate

Value/LTM

Value/FY1

Revenue

Revenue

Mean

Median

Mean

Median

Dental Precedent Transactions

2.0x

1.5x

1.6x

1.5x

Morgan Stanley noted that based on our 2002
projected revenue, the dental precedent transaction analysis
implied a per share price range of $4.48 to $7.38.

Additionally, using publicly available
information, Morgan Stanley reviewed the terms of certain
announced, pending and completed comparable biotechnology
acquisition transactions. Its review focused on the following
precedent transactions:

 

the acquisition of PathoGenesis Corp. by Chiron
    Corp.;

 

the acquisition of NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
    by Gilead Sciences, Inc.;

 

the acquisition of Rosetta Inpharmatics, Inc. by
    Merck & Co., Inc.;

 

the acquisition of Sequus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
    by Alza Corp.;

 

the acquisition of Aurora Biosciences Corp. by
    Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;

 

the acquisition of Oxford Asymmetry International
    by Evotec Biosystems;

 

the acquisition of Anesta Corp. by Cephalon, Inc.;

 

the acquisition of LJL BioSystems by Molecular
    Devices Corp.;

 

the acquisition of Gemini Genomics plc. by
    Sequenom Inc.; and

 

the acquisition of Axys Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by
    Celera Genomics Group.

For each of the transactions above, Morgan
Stanley reviewed the premiums implied by the consideration paid
for the targets shares based on the target share price one
day prior to announcement and one month prior to announcement.

% Premium

% Premium

From 1 Day

From 1 Month

Prior

Prior

Mean

Median

Mean

Median

Biotech Precedent Transactions

38.0

38.0

81.0

60.7

Morgan Stanley noted that the $7.41 per share
merger consideration as of November 12, 2002 implied a
premium of 69.2% to the price of $4.38 of our common stock as of
November 6, 2002 and a premium of 80.0% to the prior
twelve-month average share price of our common stock as of
November 6, 2002. Based upon its review of selected
biotechnology precedent transactions, Morgan Stanley applied an
indicative premium range of 60%  80% to the previous
twelve month average price of our common stock from
November 4, 2001 to November 6, 2002.

The following table shows the results of Morgan
Stanleys observations:

Indicative

Premium

LTM Average

Applied to LTM

Price of

Average

OraPharma

Common Stock

60%

80%

Price

$

4.12

$

6.59

$

7.41

No company or transaction utilized in the
comparable publicly traded company analysis or the selected
precedent transactions analysis is identical to us or Johnson
& Johnson or the combined company. In evaluating the
transactions and peer groups, Morgan Stanley made judgments and
assumptions with regard to industry performance, business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond our control and that of Johnson &
Johnson, such as the impact of competition on our business and
that of Johnson & Johnson or the industries in which we and
they are principally engaged, the growth of these industries and
the absence of any material adverse change in the financial
markets in general. Mathematical analysis, such as determining
the mean or median, or the high or the low, is not in itself a
meaningful method of using peer group data.

Total Company
Discounted Equity Value Analysis

Morgan Stanley performed a discounted equity
value analysis to determine a range of present values for our
company based on financial projections prepared by our
management. In calculating the discounted equity value per
share, Morgan Stanley applied a forward looking multiple range
of 10.0x to 20.0x to 2006 projected fully-taxed net income. The
equity value for the base-case scenario was discounted to
present values as of January 1, 2003 using a 25% discount
rate. Assuming a base-case scenario, based upon assumptions
provided by our management, Morgan Stanley observed equity
values per share of between approximately $4.79 and $9.59.
Assuming a growth-case scenario based upon assumptions provided
by our management, Morgan Stanley observed equity values per
share of between approximately $7.50 and $14.99. The equity
value for the growth-case scenario was discounted to present
values as of January 1, 2003 using a 50% discount rate.

Arestin
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

Morgan Stanley performed discounted cash flow
analysis to determine a range of present values for our company
based on financial projections prepared by our management. In
this discounted cash flow analysis, Morgan Stanley considered
only the value of the Arestin franchise and the value of our
available cash. In calculating the discounted cash flow equity
value per share, Morgan Stanley calculated the unlevered free
cash flow estimates for the Arestin franchise for a ten-year
projection period from 2003 to 2012 and applied a terminal
growth rate of negative 20% to negative 50% to the projected
2012 unlevered free cash flow. The unlevered free cash flows and
terminal values were then discounted to present values as of
January 1, 2003 using discount rates of 12% to 16%. Under
this analysis, Morgan Stanley observed equity values per share
of between approximately $6.66 and $8.31.

In connection with the review of the merger by
our board of directors, Morgan Stanley performed a variety of
financial and comparative analyses for purposes of rendering its
opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis
or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Morgan
Stanley considered the results of all of its analyses as a whole
and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or
factor considered by it. Morgan Stanley believes that the
summary provided and the analyses described above must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of these
analyses, without considering all of them, would create an
incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and
opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have deemed various
analyses and factors more or less probable than other analyses
and factors and may have deemed various assumptions more or less
probable than other assumptions, so that the ranges of
valuations resulting from any particular analysis described
above should therefore not be taken to be Morgan Stanleys
view of our actual value of our securities.

In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made
numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond our control. Any estimates contained in
Morgan Stanleys analyses are not necessarily indicative of
future results or actual values, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than those suggested by such estimates. The
analyses performed were prepared solely as part of Morgan
Stanleys analysis of the fairness from a financial point
of view of the consideration to be received by the holders of
shares of our common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, and
were conducted in connection with the delivery by Morgan Stanley
of its opinion to our board of directors. Morgan Stanleys
analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which our common stock might actually trade.
Accordingly, the analysis and estimates are inherently subject
to substantial uncertainty.

In addition, as described above, the opinion
rendered by and the presentation made by Morgan Stanley to our
board of directors were only a few of many factors taken into
consideration by our board of directors in making its decision
to approve the merger. Consequently, the Morgan Stanley analyses
as described above should not be viewed as determinative of the
opinion of our board of directors with respect to the value of
our company or of whether our board of directors would have been
willing to agree to different merger terms. The consideration to
be received by the holders of shares of our common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement

was determined through arms-length
negotiations between Johnson & Johnson and us and was
approved by our board of directors.

Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized
investment banking and advisory firm. Morgan Stanley, as part of
its investment banking and financial advisory business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

In the ordinary course of business, Morgan
Stanley and its affiliates may from time to time trade in our
securities or indebtedness or that of Johnson & Johnson for
its own account, the accounts of investment funds and other
clients under the management of Morgan Stanley and for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a
long or short position in such securities or indebtedness. In
the past, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have provided
financial advisory and financing services for Johnson &
Johnson and its affiliates and have received fees for the
rendering of those services.

Pursuant to an engagement letter between Morgan
Stanley and us, Morgan Stanley provided financial advisory
services in connection with the merger, and we agreed to pay
Morgan Stanley a customary fee for its services, a majority of
which is contingent upon the completion of the merger and the
remainder of which is a fixed fee. We have also agreed to
reimburse Morgan Stanley for its expenses incurred in performing
its services. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify Morgan
Stanley and its affiliates, directors, officers, agents and
employees and each person, if any, controlling Morgan Stanley or
any of its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws,
related to or arising out of Morgan Stanleys engagement
and any related transactions.

Interests of Our Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of our board of
directors with respect to the merger, our stockholders should be
aware that certain members of our board of directors and certain
of our executive officers have personal interests in the merger
that are, or may be, different from, or in addition to, your
interests. Our board of directors was aware of the interests
described below and considered them, among other matters, when
approving the merger.

Treatment of Outstanding Stock
Options.
 Each option to purchase our
common stock held by directors and executive officers, as well
as our employees, will be canceled upon the completion of the
merger in exchange for a cash payment equal to the excess of the
$7.41 per share merger consideration over the per share option
exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares of our common
stock subject to the option.

Executive Severance Pay
Program.
 The following executive
officers participate in our Executive Severance Pay Program:
Michael D. Kishbauch, our President and Chief Executive Officer;
J. Ronald Lawter, our Executive Vice President and Chief
Technical Officer; Jan N. Lessem, our Executive Vice President
and Chief Medical Officer; James A. Ratigan, our Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary; and Russell E.
Secter, our Vice President-Sales and Marketing. The Executive
Severance Pay Program provides that if (1) a
participants employment is terminated by us, or (2) a
participants employment is terminated within
12 months following a change of control by us, or by the
participant for good reason, then the participant will become
entitled to receive the following benefits:

 

severance pay in an amount equal to the
    participants base salary for a period of months in which
    the participant was employed by us, up to a maximum of eighteen
    months; and

 

continued medical and dental coverage for a
    period equal to the number of months of severance pay that the
    participant is entitled to receive.

For purposes of the Executive Severance Pay
Program, good reason means and will be deemed to
exist if, without a participants prior express written
consent:

 

the participant is assigned any duties or
    responsibilities inconsistent in any material respect with the
    scope of the duties or responsibilities associated with his or
    her titles or positions;

 

the participant suffers a material change in the
    duties, responsibilities, reporting rights or obligations, or
    effective authority associated with his or her titles or
    positions;

 

the participants base salary is decreased,
    or the participants benefits under any of our employee
    pension or welfare plans or programs are, in the aggregate,
    materially decreased; or

 

we fail to pay the participants
    compensation, employee benefits or reimbursements when due.

Notwithstanding the above, no severance pay or
severance benefits will be payable if the participant is
terminated for cause, fails to execute an appropriate separation
agreement or fails to comply with any applicable noncompetition
agreement.

The following table summarizes the benefits we
expect certain of our directors and certain of our executive
officers to receive if the merger is approved and completed:

Unexercised in the money

Stock Options

Value of Executive

Common Stock

Severance Pay

Ownership

Shares

Program(4)

Total

Shares

Value(2)

Vested

Unvested

Value(3)

Salary

Benefits

Value

Michael D. Kishbauch

345,874

$

2,562,926

5,046

153,365

$

546,987

$

425,250

$

$

3,536,114

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director

J. Ronald Lawter

105,875

784,534

2,000

102,000

353,720

328,613

10,954

1,477,821

Executive Vice President and Chief Technical
    Officer

Jan N. Lessem

24,550

181,916

29,968

36,554

306,242

398,865

14,861

901,884

Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer

James A. Ratigan

93,113

689,967

9,702

13,910

30,932

314,213

11,077

1,046,189

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
    and Secretary

Russell E. Secter

3,200

23,712

29,440

93,888

286,050

10,979

414,629

Vice President  Sales and Marketing

James J. Mauzey

26,000

192,660

7,500

22,500

68,400





261,060

Director

Eileen M. More

45,334

335,925

21,250

23,750

74,475





410,400

Director

Harry T. Rein

15,185

112,521

21,250

23,750

74,475





186,996

Director

David I. Scheer

178,910

1,325,723

21,250

23,750

74,475





1,400,198

Director

Jesse I. Treu(1)





21,250

23,750

74,475





74,475

Director

David Wright







25,000

72,625





72,625

Director

838,041

$

6,209,884

139,216

477,769

$

1,770,694

$

1,752,991

$

48,822

$

9,782,391

(1) 

Excludes 1,030,053 shares beneficially owned
    by Domain Partners IV, L.P., 26,483 shares beneficially
    owned by DP IV Associates, L.P. and 7,843 shares
    beneficially owned by Domain Associates, L.L.C. Dr. Treu
    shares voting and investment power with respect to these shares
    and disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares except to the
    extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

(2) 

Value determined by multiplying the number of
    shares owned by $7.41.

(3) 

Value determined by multiplying the number of
    shares by the excess of $7.41 over the exercise price of the
    stock option.

(4) 

Assumes each of the executive officers is
    terminated without cause, or resigns for good reason, within
    twelve months of the completion of the merger.

Indemnification.
 The
terms of the merger agreement provide for the continued
indemnification of our current directors and officers, as more
fully described under The Merger Agreement 
Directors and Officers Indemnification and
Insurance.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences

The following is a summary of the material U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the merger to stockholders
whose shares of our common stock are converted into the right to
receive cash under the merger. The discussion is for general
information only and does not purport to consider all aspects of
U.S. federal income taxation that might be relevant to our
stockholders. The discussion is based on current law which is
subject to change possibly with retroactive effect. The
discussion applies only to stockholders who hold shares of our
common stock as capital assets, and may not apply to shares of
our common stock received in connection with the exercise of
employee stock options or otherwise as compensation, or to
certain types of stockholders (such as insurance companies,
tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions, traders,
broker-dealers, persons who hold or have held our common stock
as part of a straddle or a hedging, integrated constructive sale
or conversion transaction for tax purposes) who may be subject
to special rules. This discussion does not discuss the tax
consequences to any stockholder who, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, is a non-resident alien individual, foreign
corporation, foreign partnership or foreign estate or trust, and
does not address any aspect of state, local or foreign tax laws.

The receipt of cash for shares of our common
stock in the merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. In general, a stockholder who
surrenders shares of our common stock for cash in the merger
will recognize a capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income
tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount
of cash received and the stockholders adjusted tax basis
in the shares of our common stock surrendered. Gain or loss will
be determined separately for each block of shares (i.e., shares
acquired at the same cost in a single transaction) surrendered
for cash pursuant to the merger. Such gain or loss will be
long-term capital gain or loss provided that a
stockholders holding period for such shares is more than
one year at the time of the completion of the merger. Capital
gains of individuals derived in respect of capital assets held
for more than one year are eligible for reduced rates of
taxation. There are limitations on the deductibility of capital
losses.

The receipt of cash in exchange for the
outstanding options and warrants will be a taxable transaction
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Holders of options and
warrants will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference,
if any, between the amount of cash they receive and their
adjusted tax basis, if any, in the options or warrants
surrendered. Persons who received their options or warrants in
connection with their employment by or provision of services to
the Company generally will recognize ordinary income or loss;
persons who did not purchase or receive their options or
warrants in connection with their employment by or provision of
services to the Company generally will recognize capital gain or
loss if the underlying stock would have been a capital asset in
their hands. A holders basis in an option or warrant
generally will equal the amount (if any) paid for that option or
warrant. Payments in exchange for options received in connection
with employment by the Company generally will be subject to
employment tax withholding.

Backup federal withholding tax will be withheld
from all cash payments to which a holder of shares or other
payee is entitled pursuant to the merger agreement, unless the
stockholder or other payee provides a taxpayer identification
number (typically, the social security number, in the case of
individuals, or employer identification number, in the case of
other stockholders), certifies that such number is correct, and
otherwise complies with such backup withholding tax rules. Each
of our stockholders and, if applicable, each other payee, should
complete and sign the Substitute Form W-9 included as part
of the letter of transmittal to be returned to the paying agent,
in order to provide the information and certification necessary
to avoid backup withholding tax, unless an exemption applies and
is established in a manner satisfactory to the paying agent.

Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding
rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against your U.S.
federal income tax liability provided that you furnish the
required information to the IRS.

The United States federal income tax
consequences set forth above are for general information
purposes only and are not intended to constitute a complete
description of all tax consequences relating to the
merger.

Because individual circumstances may differ,
each stockholder should consult the stockholders tax
advisor regarding the applicability of the rules discussed above
to the stockholder and the particular tax effects to the
stockholder of the merger, including the application of state,
local and foreign tax laws.

Regulatory Approvals

Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976 and the rules promulgated thereunder by
the Federal Trade Commission, certain transactions, including
the merger, may not be completed unless certain waiting period
requirements have been satisfied. We and Johnson & Johnson
intend to file a notification and report form with the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission as soon as practicable. At any time before or after
the effective time of the merger, the Antitrust Division, the
Federal Trade Commission or others could take action under the
antitrust laws, including seeking to prevent the merger, to
rescind the merger or to conditionally approve the merger upon
the divestiture by us or Johnson & Johnson of
substantial assets. In addition, under certain circumstances,
private parties and state attorney generals may also bring
actions under U.S. antitrust laws. There can be no assurance
that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not be
made or, if such a challenge is made, that it would not be
successful.

Accounting Treatment

Johnson & Johnson intends to treat the merger
as a purchase for accounting and financial reporting purposes,
in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 141, Business Combinations and
No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
This means that Johnson & Johnson will treat us as a
separate entity for periods prior to the completion of the
merger and, thereafter, our financial results will be
consolidated with Johnson & Johnsons financial results.

Appraisal Rights

If the merger is completed, holders of shares of
our common stock are entitled to appraisal rights under
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
provided that they comply with the conditions established by
Section 262.

Section 262 is reprinted in its entirety
as Annex D to this Proxy Statement. The following
discussion is not a complete statement of the law relating to
appraisal rights and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to Annex D. This discussion and Annex D should be
reviewed carefully by any holder who wishes to exercise
statutory appraisal rights or who wishes to preserve the right
to do so, as failure to comply with the statutory procedures
will result in the loss of appraisal rights.

A record holder of shares of our common stock who
does not vote in favor of the merger agreement, who makes the
demand described below with respect to such shares in a timely
fashion, who continuously is the record holder of such shares
through the effective time of the merger and who otherwise
complies with the statutory requirements of Section 262
will be entitled to an appraisal by the Delaware Court of
Chancery of the fair value of his or her shares of our common
stock. All references in this summary of appraisal rights to a
stockholder or holders of shares of our common
stock are to the record holder or holders of shares of our
common stock. Except as set forth herein, our stockholders will
not be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the
merger.

Under Section 262, where a merger is to be
submitted for adoption at a meeting of stockholders, as in the
case of the special meeting, not less than 20 days prior to
the meeting the corporation must notify each of the holders of
its stock who is entitled to appraisal rights that appraisal
rights are available and include in the notice a copy of
Section 262. This proxy statement constitutes that notice
to you, and a copy of Section 262 is included in this proxy
statement as Annex D.

Holders of shares of our common stock who desire
to exercise their appraisal rights must not vote in favor of the
merger and must deliver a separate written demand for appraisal
to us prior to the vote by our stockholders on the merger. A
demand for appraisal must be executed by or on behalf of the
stockholder of

record and must reasonably inform us of the
identity of the stockholder of record and that the stockholder
intends to demand appraisal of his or her shares. A proxy or
vote against the merger will not by itself constitute that
demand. The written demand for appraisal must be in addition to
and separate from any proxy or vote. Any stockholder making such
a demand must thereafter continue to hold his or her shares of
record until the effective time of the merger agreement to be
eligible for appraisal rights. Within ten days after the
effective time of the merger, we must provide notice of the
effective time to all stockholders who have complied with
Section 262.

A stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal
rights should mail or deliver his or her written demand to:
OraPharma, Inc., 732 Louis Drive, Warminster, PA 18974,
(215) 956-2200, Attention: Secretary.

A person having a beneficial interest in shares
of our common stock that are held of record in the name of
another person, such as a broker, fiduciary, depositary or other
nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to follow
the steps summarized in this proxy statement properly and in a
timely manner to perfect appraisal rights. If the shares of our
common stock are owned of record by a person other than the
beneficial owner, including a broker, fiduciary (such as a
trustee, guardian or custodian), depositary or other nominee,
the demand for appraisal must be executed by or for the record
owner. If the shares of our common stock are owned of record by
more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in
common, the demand must be executed by or for all joint owners.
An authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint
owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder
of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner and
expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand, such
person is acting as agent for the record owner. If a stockholder
holds shares of our common stock through a broker who in turn
holds the shares through a central securities depository
nominee, such as Cede & Co., a demand for appraisal of
such shares must be made by or on behalf of the depository
nominee and must identify the depository nominee as record
holder.

A record holder, such as a broker, fiduciary,
depositary or other nominee, who holds shares of our common
stock as a nominee for others, may exercise appraisal rights
with respect to the shares held for all or less than all
beneficial owners of shares as to which such person is the
record owner. In such case, the written demand must set forth
the number of shares covered by the demand. Where the number of
shares is not expressly stated, the demand will be presumed to
cover all shares of our common stock outstanding in the name of
the record owner.

Within 120 days after the effective time of
the merger, either we, or any stockholder who has complied with
the provisions of Section 262, may file a petition in the
Delaware Court of Chancery, with a copy served on us in the case
of a petition filed by a stockholder, demanding a determination
of the fair value of the shares of all stockholders who have
properly demanded appraisal rights. We have no present intent to
file an appraisal petition and stockholders seeking to exercise
appraisal rights should not assume that we will file a petition
for appraisal. Accordingly, holders of our common stock who
desire to have their shares appraised should initiate any
petitions necessary for the perfection of their appraisal rights
within the time periods and in the manner set forth in
Section 262. Within 120 days after the effective time
of the merger, any stockholder who has complied with the
provisions of Section 262 to that point in time will be
entitled, upon written request, to receive from us a statement
setting forth the aggregate number of shares of our common stock
not voted in favor of the merger agreement and with respect to
which demands for appraisal were received by us and the number
of holders of the shares. This statement must be mailed
(a) within 10 days after the written request has been
received by us or (b) within 10 days after the
expiration of the period for the delivery of demands for
appraisal under Section 262, whichever is later.

If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed,
at the hearing on the petition, the Delaware Court of Chancery
will determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal
rights. The Delaware Court of Chancery may require the
stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares and
who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their
certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of
the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any
stockholder fails to comply with this requirement, the Delaware
Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to that
stockholder. Where proceedings are not dismissed, the Delaware
Court of Chancery will appraise the shares of our common stock
owned by stockholders who have

perfected their appraisal rights, determining the
fair value of their shares exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger,
together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon
the amount determined to be the fair value.

Although we believe that the merger consideration
is fair, no representation is made as to the outcome of the
appraisal of fair value as determined by the Delaware Court of
Chancery and stockholders should recognize that such an
appraisal could result in a determination of a value higher or
lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Moreover,
we do not anticipate offering more than the merger consideration
to any stockholder exercising appraisal rights and reserve the
right to assert, in any appraisal proceeding, that, for purposes
of Section 262, the fair value of a share of
our common stock is less than the merger consideration. In
determining fair value, the Delaware Court of
Chancery is required to take into account all relevant factors.
In 
Weinberger v. UOP, Inc. 
the Delaware Supreme Court
discussed the factors that could be considered in determining
fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that proof
of value by any techniques or methods which are generally
considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise
admissible in court should be considered and that
[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all
relevant factors involving the value of a company. The
Delaware Supreme Court has stated that in making this
determination of fair value the court must consider market
value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of
the enterprise and any other facts which could be ascertained as
of the date of the merger which throw any light on future
prospects of the merged corporation. Section 262 provides
that fair value is to be exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
merger. In 
Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc.
, the
Delaware Supreme Court stated that this exclusion is a
narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements
of value, but rather applies only to the speculative
elements of value arising from such accomplishment or
expectation. In 
Weinberger,
 the Delaware Supreme Court
construed Section 262 to mean that elements of future
value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known
or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the
product of speculation, may be considered.

The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and assessed
against the parties as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems
equitable in the circumstances. Each stockholder seeking
appraisal of its shares is responsible for his or her
attorneys and expert witness expenses, although, upon
application of a stockholder party to the appraisal proceeding,
the Delaware Court of Chancery may, in its discretion, order
that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding,
including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees
and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata
against the value of all shares of stock entitled to appraisal.

Any holder of shares of our common stock who has
duly demanded appraisal in compliance with Section 262 will
not, after the effective time of the merger, be entitled to vote
the shares subject to the demand or to receive payment of
dividends or other distributions on the shares, except for
dividends or distributions payable to stockholders of record at
a date prior to the effective time of the merger.

At any time within 60 days after the
effective time of the merger, any stockholder will have the
right to withdraw a demand for appraisal and to accept the terms
offered in the merger; after this period, the stockholder may
withdraw the demand only with our consent. If no petition for
appraisal is filed with the Delaware Court of Chancery within
120 days after the effective time of the merger,
stockholders rights to appraisal will cease, and all
holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to
receive the consideration offered pursuant to the merger
agreement. Any stockholder may withdraw his or her demand for
appraisal by delivering to us a written withdrawal of his or her
demand for appraisal and acceptance of the merger consideration,
except that (a) any attempt to withdraw made more than
60 days after the effective time of the merger will require
our written approval and (b) no appraisal proceeding in the
Delaware Court of Chancery will be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Court of
Chancery, and approval may be conditioned upon any terms the
Delaware Court of Chancery deems just.

If any stockholder does not comply with
Section 262 or otherwise waives, withdraws or loses the
right to appraisal under Section 262 or a court determines
that the stockholder is not entitled to relief under
Section 262, such shareholder will be entitled to receive
the consideration offered pursuant to the merger agreement.

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common
Stock

If the merger is completed, our common stock will
be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and will be
deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Effective Time of the Merger

The merger agreement provides that, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement,
Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. will be merged with and into us and the
separate corporate existence of Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. will
thereupon cease, and we will be the surviving corporation and
all of our rights, privileges, powers, immunities, purposes and
franchises will continue unaffected by the merger, except that
all of our then outstanding common stock will be owned by
Johnson & Johnson and all outstanding options and warrants
will be canceled.

The merger will become effective when a
certificate of merger is duly filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware or at such later time as the parties
shall have designated in the certificate of merger. Such filing
will be made no later than the second business day after the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the completion of
the merger described in the merger agreement. See The
Merger AgreementConditions to the Completion of the
Merger.

The merger agreement also provides that:

 

our certificate of incorporation will be amended
    at the completion of the merger to be in the form of
    Exhibit A to the merger agreement and, as so amended, will
    be the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation
    until changed or amended;

 

the bylaws of Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. as in effect
    immediately prior to the closing of the merger will be the
    bylaws of the surviving corporation;

 

the directors of Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.
    immediately prior to the closing of the merger will be the
    directors of the surviving corporation; and

 

the officers of Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.
    immediately prior to the closing of the merger will be the
    officers of the surviving corporation.

The Merger Consideration

Each share of our common stock issued and
outstanding immediately before the merger, other than treasury
shares, dissenting shares and shares held by Johnson &
Johnson, will automatically be canceled and will cease to exist
and will be converted into the right to receive $7.41 in cash,
without interest. After the merger is effective, each holder of
a certificate representing any of these shares of our common
stock will no longer have any rights with respect to the shares,
except for the right to receive the $7.41 per share merger
consideration or, if a holder exercises appraisal rights, the
right to receive payment of the judicially determined fair value
of its shares upon compliance with the requirements of Delaware
law. Each share of our common stock held by us as treasury
shares or held by Johnson & Johnson at the time of the
merger will be canceled without any payment.

YOU SHOULD NOT RETURN STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH
THE ENCLOSED PROXY.

Treatment of Our Options

Prior to the completion of the merger, we will
take all action necessary to adjust the terms of all outstanding
options to acquire shares of our common stock, whether vested or
unvested, to provide that, upon

completion of the merger, each outstanding option
will be canceled and the holder of that option will be entitled
to receive a single lump sum cash payment equal to the product
of:

 

the number of shares of our common stock for
    which the option has not been exercised; and

 

the excess, if any, of the $7.41 per share merger
    consideration over the per share exercise price of the option;

provided, however, if the calculation described
above results in a negative number, no payment will be made with
respect to the option.

Subject to any applicable withholding taxes, the
payment for option shares will be made, without interest, by the
paying agent as soon as practicable following the completion of
the merger.

We are required to ensure that there will be no
options exercisable for our capital stock outstanding as of the
effective time.

Treatment of Our Warrants

We have taken all action necessary to cause each
warrant to acquire shares of our common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the completion of the merger to be canceled
in exchange for a lump sum cash payment equal to:

 

the number of shares of our common stock subject
    to the warrant, multiplied by the excess, if any, of the $7.41
    per share merger consideration over the per share exercise price
    of the warrant;

provided, however, if the calculation described
above results in a negative number, no payment will be made with
respect to the warrant.

Payments with respect to warrants shall be made
by the paying agent as soon as practicable following the
effective time of the merger. All amounts payable shall be
subject to any required withholding of taxes and shall be paid
without interest. We have obtained all consents of the holders
of the warrants necessary to effectuate the foregoing.

Surrender of Stock Certificates

At the effective time of the merger,
Johnson & Johnson will deposit the aggregate merger
consideration into an exchange fund with JPMorgan Chase or
another comparable institution, as paying agent. After the
effective time of the merger each certificate that previously
represented shares of our common stock:

 

will no longer be outstanding;

 

will automatically be canceled;

 

will cease to exist; and

 

will represent only the right to receive the
    $7.41 per share merger consideration into which such shares were
    converted in the merger.

No interest will accrue or be paid with respect
to the merger consideration. Until holders of certificates
previously representing shares of our common stock have
surrendered those certificates to the paying agent for exchange,
holders will not receive the merger consideration due in respect
of such certificates.

As soon as practicable after the effective time
of the merger, the paying agent will mail to each holder of
record of shares of our common stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for its use in delivering certificates to the
paying agent in exchange for the merger consideration due in
respect of such certificates. After receipt of its certificates
by the paying agent, together with a properly executed letter of
transmittal, the paying agent will deliver to each stockholder
the $7.41 per share merger consideration multiplied by the
number of shares represented by the certificate(s) surrendered
by the stockholder. In the event of a transfer of ownership of
our common stock which is not registered in the transfer records
of our transfer agent, payment

of the merger consideration may be made to a
person other than the person in whose name the surrendered
certificate is registered if:

 

the certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise
    in proper form for transfer; and

 

the person requesting the merger consideration
    pays any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
    payment of the merger consideration due in respect of such
    certificate to a person other than the registered holder of the
    surrendered certificate or establishes to Johnson &
    Johnsons reasonable satisfaction that such tax has been
    paid or is not applicable.

Lost Certificates

If any certificate representing shares of our
common stock is lost, stolen or destroyed, the paying agent will
deliver the applicable merger consideration due in respect of
the shares represented by that certificate if:

 

the stockholder asserting the claim of a lost,
    stolen or destroyed certificate makes an affidavit of that fact;
    and

 

upon request of Johnson & Johnson, the
    stockholder posts a bond in a reasonable amount designated by
    Johnson & Johnson as security against any claim that
    may be made with respect to that certificate against us,
    Johnson & Johnson or the surviving corporation.

Unclaimed Amounts

Any portion of the exchange fund which remains
undistributed to our stockholders after the nine month
anniversary of the effective time of the merger will be
delivered by the paying agent to Johnson & Johnson,
upon demand, and any of our stockholders who have not previously
surrendered their stock certificates will only be entitled to
look to Johnson & Johnson for payment of the merger
consideration due in respect of their certificates.
Johnson & Johnson will remain liable for the payment of
the merger consideration to these stockholders.

Amendment to Rights Agreement

In accordance with the merger agreement, as of
November 12, 2002, we amended the rights agreement, dated
as of August 1, 2002, between us and StockTrans, Inc., as
rights agent, to provide that none of the approval, execution,
delivery or performance of the merger agreement or the
stockholder agreement or the completion of the transactions
described therein will cause the rights under the rights
agreement to be adjusted or become exercisable. The amendment
also provides that none of the merger, the merger agreement or
the stockholder agreement will cause Johnson & Johnson,
Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. or any of its affiliates or associates to
become an acquiring person under the rights
agreement. In addition, the amendment amends the rights
agreement to provide that (1) a stock acquisition
date will not be deemed to occur as a result of the
approval, execution, delivery or performance of the merger
agreement or the stockholder agreement, or the completion of the
transactions described therein and (2) neither a
triggering event nor a distribution date
will be deemed to occur as a result of the approval, execution,
delivery or performance of the merger agreement or the
stockholder agreement, or the completion of the transactions
described therein. The amendment also provides that the rights
will terminate immediately prior to the completion of the merger.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following description summarizes the
material provisions of the merger agreement and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger
agreement. The merger agreement included in this proxy statement
as Annex A contains the complete terms of that agreement
and stockholders should read it carefully and in its
entirety.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains customary
representations and warranties relating to, among other things:

 

our corporate organization and similar corporate
    matters and the corporate organization and similar matters of
    Johnson & Johnson and Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.;

 

corporate and capital structure matters relating
    to our subsidiaries;

 

our capital structure;

 

our obligations with respect to our capital stock;

 

the authorization, execution, delivery,
    performance and enforceability of, and required consents,
    approvals, orders and authorizations of governmental authorities
    relating to, the merger agreement and related matters of us and
    of Johnson & Johnson and Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.;

 

documents we filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission and the accuracy of information contained in
    these documents;

 

the accuracy of the information supplied by us,
    Johnson & Johnson and Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. in connection
    with this proxy statement;

 

the absence of material changes or events
    concerning us or our subsidiaries;

 

pending or threatened material litigation against
    us or our subsidiaries;

 

matters related to the existence of certain of
    our contracts and contract default;

 

our compliance with applicable laws and
    environmental matters;

 

absence of changes in our benefit plans;

 

absence of collective bargaining agreements or
    other labor union agreements between us or any of our
    subsidiaries and our employees;

 

matters affecting us relating to the Employee
    Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended;

 

absence of excessive parachute payments to any of
    our or our subsidiaries officers, directors, employees or
    consultants;

 

completion and accuracy of our tax filings and
    payment of our taxes;

 

title to our properties and compliance with the
    terms of our leases;

 

matters relating to our intellectual property;

 

the required vote of our stockholders;

 

our satisfaction of certain state takeover
    statutes requirements;

 

our engagement and payment of fees for brokers,
    investment bankers, finders and legal and financial advisors;

 

our receipt of a fairness opinion from our
    financial advisors;

 

certain contracts relating to our product
    development, distribution, marketing, supply and manufacturing;

 

the amendment of our rights agreement;

 

our compliance with applicable regulatory and
    governmental requirements;

 

our maintenance of insurance;

 

the operations of Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.;

 

the capital resources of Johnson & Johnson;
    and

 

the ownership of our stock by Johnson &
    Johnson and Pivot Merger Sub, Inc.

Covenants

Under the merger agreement, we have agreed that,
prior to the effective time of the merger, we will carry on our
business in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice
and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and will
use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact our
current business organizations, to keep available the services
of our current officers, employees and consultants and preserve
our relationships with those persons having business dealings
with us. In addition, we have agreed that, among other things
and subject to certain exceptions, neither we nor any of our
subsidiaries may, without Johnson & Johnsons
prior written consent:

 

declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or
    make any other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property)
    in respect of, any of our capital stock or the capital stock of
    our subsidiaries, except for dividends or distributions by a
    wholly owned subsidiary to its shareholders;

 

split, combine or reclassify any of our capital
    stock or the capital stock of our subsidiaries or issue or
    authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
    lieu of, or in substitution for shares of our capital stock or
    the capital stock of our subsidiaries;

 

purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
    of our capital stock or the capital stock of our subsidiaries or
    any other securities or any rights, warrants or options to
    acquire any such shares or other securities, except for
    purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of capital stock or
    other securities required under the terms of any plans,
    arrangements or agreements existing as of the date of the merger
    agreement between us or any of our subsidiaries and any of our
    or our subsidiaries directors or employees;

 

issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise
    encumber or subject to any lien any shares of our capital stock
    or the capital stock of our subsidiaries, any other voting
    securities or any securities convertible into, or any rights,
    warrants, options to acquire, any such shares, voting securities
    or convertible securities, or phantom stock,
    phantom stock rights, stock appreciation rights or
    stock based performance units, other than the issuance of our
    common stock upon the exercise of options or warrants that were
    outstanding on the date of the merger agreement, and other than
    the issuance of rights and capital stock in accordance with the
    terms of the rights agreement;

 

amend our certificate of incorporation or bylaws,
    or other comparable charter or organizational documents of any
    of our subsidiaries, except as may be required by law, or the
    rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
    or The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.;

 

acquire by merger, consolidation, purchasing of
    assets or in any other manner any person or division, business
    or equity interest of any person;

 

acquire any asset or assets that, individually,
    has a purchase price in excess of $50,000 or, in the aggregate,
    have a purchase price in excess of $200,000, except for new
    capital expenditures which are subject to the limitations
    described below, and except for purchases of components, raw
    materials or supplies in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice;

 

sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell and
    leaseback, dispose of or otherwise encumber or subject to any
    lien or otherwise dispose of any of our properties or the
    properties of our subsidiaries or other assets or any interests
    therein (including securitizations), except for sales of
    inventory and used equipment in the ordinary course of business,
    consistent with past practice;

 

enter into, modify or amend any lease of
    property, except for modifications or amendments that are not
    materially adverse to us or our subsidiaries taken as a whole;

 

incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or
    guarantee any such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell
    any debt securities or calls, options, warrants or other rights
    to acquire any debt securities of us or our subsidiaries,
    guarantee any debt securities of another person, enter into any
    keep well or other arrangement to maintain any
    financial statement condition of another person or enter into
    any arrangement having an economic effect of any of the
    foregoing;

 

make any loans, advances, or capital
    contributions to, or investments in, any other person, other
    than to employees for travel expenses in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice;

 

make any new capital expenditure or expenditures
    which, individually, is in excess of $50,000 or (1) from
    October 1, 2002 to December 31, 2002, are, in the
    aggregate, in excess of $300,000 or (2) beginning
    January 1, 2003, are, in the aggregate, in excess of
    $100,000 during any calendar month;

 

except as required by law or judgment, pay,
    discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities,
    obligations or litigation, other than the payment, discharge,
    settlement or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice or in accordance with the terms
    of, liabilities disclosed, reflected or reserved against in our
    most recent audited financial statements filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission or incurred since the date of
    such financial statements in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice, cancel any indebtedness, waive or
    assign any claims or rights of substantial value, waive any
    benefits of, agree to modify in any respect, or fail to enforce,
    or consent to any matter with respect to which consent is
    required under, any standstill or similar agreement to which we
    or any of our subsidiaries is a party, or waive any material
    benefits of, or agree to modify in any material respect or fail
    to enforce in any material respect, or consent to any matter
    with respect to which consent is required under, any material
    confidentiality or similar agreement to which we or any of our
    subsidiaries is a party;

 

enter into contracts (other than confidentiality
    agreements containing customary terms which do not impose any
    obligations on us or our subsidiaries other than those relating
    to the treatment of confidential information) relating to the
    research, development, distribution, training, sale, supply,
    license, marketing, co-promotion or manufacturing by third
    parties of our products, or the products of our subsidiaries, or
    products licensed by us or any of our subsidiaries which,
    individually, has aggregate future payment or other obligations
    with a value in excess of $10,000 or, in the aggregate, have
    aggregate future payment or other obligations with a value in
    excess of $50,000;

 

enter into, modify, amend or terminate any
    contract or waive, release or assign any material rights or
    claims under such contract, which if so entered into, modified,
    amended, terminated, waived, released or assigned would
    reasonably be expected to adversely affect us in any material
    respect, impair in any material respect our ability to perform
    our obligations under the merger agreement or prevent or
    materially delay the completion of the transactions described in
    the merger agreement;

 

enter into any contract to the extent that the
    completion of the transactions described in the merger agreement
    or our compliance with the provisions of the merger agreement
    would reasonably be expected to conflict with, or result in a
    violation or breach of, or default under, or give rise to a
    right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or
    acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a benefit
    under, or result in the creation of any lien in or upon any of
    our property or assets, or those of our subsidiaries, under, or
    give rise to any increased, additional, accelerated, or
    guaranteed right or entitlements of any third party under, or
    result in any material alteration of, any provision of such
    contract;

 

enter into any contract containing any
    restriction on our ability, or the ability of any of our
    subsidiaries, to assign our and their rights, interests, or
    obligations under such contract, unless such restriction
    expressly excludes any assignment to Johnson & Johnson
    or any of its subsidiaries in connection with or following the
    completion of the merger and the other transactions described in
    the merger agreement;

 

sell, transfer or license to any person or
    otherwise extend, amend or modify any of our intellectual
    property rights or any such right of our subsidiaries;

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, including
    under our executive severance pay program, adopt, enter into,
    terminate or amend any collective bargaining agreement, benefit
    plan or any benefit agreement between us, or our subsidiaries,
    and one or more of our or their current or former directors,
    officers, employees or consultants;

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, increase
    in any manner the compensation, bonus or fringe or other
    benefits of, or pay any bonus of any kind or amount whatsoever
    to, any current or former officer, director, employee or
    consultant, except increases of cash compensation or cash
    bonuses to directors, officers and employees in the ordinary
    course of business, provided that such increases in cash
    compensation and cash bonuses will not, in the aggregate, exceed
    the amounts set forth in the merger agreement;

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, pay any
    benefit or amount not required under any benefit plan or
    arrangement of ours or our subsidiaries as in effect on the date
    of the merger agreement;

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, including
    under our executive severance pay program, grant or pay any
    severance or termination pay or increase in any manner the
    severance or termination pay of any current or former director,
    officer, employee or consultant;

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, grant any
    awards under any bonus, incentive, performance, or other
    compensation plan or arrangement, benefit agreement or benefit
    plan (including the grant of stock options, phantom
    stock, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock
    rights, stock based or stock related awards, performance units
    or restricted stock or the removal of existing restrictions in
    any benefit agreement or benefit plan or agreements or awards
    made under such benefit agreements or benefit plans);

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, amend or
    modify any stock option or warrant;

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, take any
    action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of
    compensation or benefits under any employee plan, agreement,
    contract or arrangement, or benefit plan or benefit agreement;

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, take any
    action to accelerate the vesting or payment of any compensation
    or benefit under any benefit plan or benefit agreement, except
    for the acceleration of the vesting of outstanding stock options
    as described in the merger agreement;

 

subject to certain limited exceptions, materially
    change any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate
    funding obligations with respect to any pension plan or change
    the way in which contributions to any pension plan are made or
    the basis on which such contributions are determined;

 

except as required by generally accepted
    accounting principles, revalue any material assets of our
    company or any of our subsidiaries, or make any changes to our
    accounting methods, principles or practices;

 

sell, convey, transfer, assign, license, or
    otherwise convey any property (including cash), contract or
    liability to our wholly-owned subsidiary Microsphere Technology
    Holding LLC; or

 

authorize any of, or commit, resolve or propose
    or agree to take any of, the above actions.

Each party agrees to notify the other party of:

 

any representation or warranty in the merger
    agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue or
    inaccurate in any respect;

 

any representation or warranty that is not so
    qualified as to materiality becoming untrue or inaccurate in any
    material respect; or

 

the failure to comply with or satisfy in any
    material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
    complied with or satisfied by the party under the merger
    agreement.

Each party shall promptly provide the other
copies of all filings made with any governmental entity in
connection with the merger agreement.

Between the date of the merger agreement and the
effective date, we will:

 

file all required tax returns;

 

timely pay all taxes due;

 

accrue a reserve in the books and records and
    financial statements in accordance with past practice for all
    taxes payable;

 

promptly notify Johnson & Johnson of any
    suit, claim, action, investigation, proceeding or audit pending
    against or with respect to us in respect of any material amount
    of tax and not settle or compromise any such action without
    Johnson & Johnsons consent;

 

not make any material tax election (including any
    election which would cause Microsphere Technology Holding LLC to
    be treated as an entity other than a disregarded entity) or
    settle or compromise any material tax liability, other than with
    Johnson & Johnsons consent or other than in the
    ordinary course of business; and

 

terminate as of the closing date all existing tax
    sharing agreements, tax indemnity obligations and similar
    agreements, arrangements or practices to which we are or may be
    a party or may otherwise be bound so that neither we nor any or
    our subsidiaries will have further rights or liabilities under
    such agreements, arrangements or practices.

Directors and Officers
Indemnification and Insurance

Johnson & Johnson has agreed to cause
the surviving corporation to assume the obligations with respect
to all rights to indemnification and all limitations on
liability for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the
effective time of the merger existing in favor of our present
and former officers or directors as provided in our current
certificate of incorporation or bylaws or any indemnification
agreement between any such person and us and as in effect as of
the date of the merger agreement, and such obligations will
survive the merger and will continue in full force and effect in
accordance with their terms. The merger agreement also provides
that Johnson & Johnson will maintain our current
officers and directors liability insurance for a
period of six years after the completion of the merger to cover
any acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the effective
time of the merger covering those persons who were, as of the
date of the merger agreement, covered by that policy, on terms
with respect to coverage and amount no less favorable than those
of the policy in effect on the date of the merger agreement
(provided that in satisfying this obligation, Johnson &
Johnson is not required to pay aggregate annual premiums in
excess of 200% of the amount we paid for our current
officers and directors liability policy for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2002).

Employee Benefits Matters

The merger agreement provides that, subject to
applicable collective bargaining agreements, for a period of not
less than twelve months following the completion of the merger,
our employees who remain in the employment of the surviving
corporation and its subsidiaries (who we refer to as
continuing employees) will

receive employee benefits that are substantially
comparable in the aggregate to the employee benefits provided to
our employees immediately prior to the completion of the merger.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Johnson & Johnson nor
the surviving corporation nor any of their subsidiaries will
have any obligation to issue, or adopt any plans or arrangements
providing for the issuance of shares of capital stock, warrants,
options, stock appreciation rights or other rights in respect of
any shares of capital stock of any entity or any securities
convertible or exchangeable into such shares pursuant to any
such plans or arrangements, and none of our plans or
arrangements providing for such issuance will be taken into
account in determining whether employee benefits are
substantially comparable in the aggregate.

Johnson & Johnson will cause the
surviving corporation to recognize the service of each
continuing employee as if such service had been performed with
Johnson & Johnson as follows:

 

for purposes of vesting (but not benefit accrual)
    under Johnson & Johnsons defined benefit pension
    plan;

 

for purposes of eligibility for vacation under
    Johnson & Johnsons vacation program;

 

for purposes of eligibility and participation
    under any health or welfare plan maintained by
    Johnson & Johnson (other than any post-employment
    health or post-employment welfare plan); and

 

unless covered under another arrangement with us,
    for benefit accrual purposes under Johnson &
    Johnsons severance plan;

but solely to the extent that Johnson &
Johnson makes such plan or program available to employees of the
surviving corporation, and not for purposes of any other
employee benefit plan of Johnson & Johnson.

In addition, subject to applicable collective
bargaining agreements, with respect to any welfare plan
maintained by Johnson & Johnson in which continuing
employees are eligible to participate after the completion of
the merger, Johnson & Johnson will, and will cause the
surviving corporation to:

 

waive all limitations as to preexisting
    conditions and exclusions with respect to participation and
    coverage requirements applicable to such employees to the extent
    such conditions and exclusions were satisfied or did not apply
    to such employees under our welfare plans prior to the
    completion of the merger; and

 

provide each continuing employee with credit for
    any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the completion of
    the merger in satisfying any analogous deductible or
    out-of-pocket requirements to the extent applicable under any
    such plan.

Nothing in the merger agreement requires
Johnson & Johnson or the surviving corporation to
continue any specific plans or to continue the employment of any
specific person.

Consents and Approvals

Each party agrees to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to do all things necessary, proper or
advisable, in the most expeditious manner practicable, to
complete and make effective the merger and other transactions
described in the merger agreement, including using commercially
reasonable efforts to accomplish the following:

 

the taking of all acts necessary to cause the
    conditions to closing to be satisfied as promptly as practicable;

 

the obtaining of all necessary actions or
    nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals from governmental
    entities and the making of all necessary registrations and
    filings (including filings with governmental entities) and the
    taking of all necessary steps to obtain an approval or waiver
    from, or avoid an action or proceeding by, any governmental
    entity; and

 

the obtaining of all necessary consents,
    approvals or waivers from third parties.

In addition, we will take all actions necessary
to ensure that no state takeover statute or similar statute or
regulation is or becomes applicable to the merger agreement, the
stockholder agreement, the merger or any of the transactions
described in the merger agreement or the stockholder agreement,
and if a state takeover statute or similar statute becomes
applicable, we will take all necessary actions to ensure that
the merger and the other transactions described in the merger
agreement and the stockholder agreement may be completed as
promptly as practicable. Nothing in the merger agreement,
however, requires Johnson & Johnson to agree to, or
proffer to, divest or hold separate any assets or any portion of
any business of Johnson & Johnson, any portion of our
assets or business or any portion of the assets or business of
our or their subsidiaries.

Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger

Each partys obligation to effect the merger
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of various conditions
which include, in addition to other customary closing
conditions, the following:

 

the merger agreement has been adopted by the
    affirmative vote of stockholders holding a majority of the
    shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at
    the special meeting;

 

the waiting period applicable to the merger under
    the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
    amended, has expired or has been terminated; and

 

no restraining order, injunction or other court
    order or statute, law, rule, legal restraint or prohibition is
    in effect that (1) prevents the completion of the merger,
    or (2) has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
    material adverse effect on us.

Each partys obligation to effect the merger
is further subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
following additional condition:

 

the other party to the merger agreement has
    performed in all material respects all agreements and covenants
    required to be performed by it under the merger agreement on or
    prior to the date on which the merger is to become effective.

Johnson & Johnsons obligation to
effect the merger is further subject to satisfaction or waiver
of the following additional conditions:

 

our representations and warranties set forth in
    the merger agreement relating to aspects of the capital stock of
    our subsidiaries, our capital structure, the authorization,
    execution, delivery, performance and enforceability relating to
    the merger agreement and related matters, absence of material
    changes or events concerning us, certain provisions of our
    contracts, payments to be made under our benefit agreements,
    certain intellectual property rights, the satisfaction of the
    requirements of certain state takeover statues, the engagement
    and payment of fees of brokers, investment bankers, finders and
    legal and financial advisors, certain provisions in our
    contracts relating to product development, distribution,
    marketing, supply and manufacturing and compliance with
    applicable regulatory and governmental requirements to the
    extent that they are qualified as to materiality are true and
    correct, and such representations and warranties to the extent
    that they are not so qualified are true and correct in all
    material respects, in each case as of the date of the merger
    agreement and as of the closing date of the merger as though
    made on the closing date, except to the extent that such
    representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
    date, in which case, as of such earlier date;

 

all of our other representations and warranties
    set forth in the merger agreement are true and correct as of the
    date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date of the
    merger as though made on the closing date, except to the extent
    such representations and warranties expressly relate to an
    earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date, and except
    to the extent that such representations and warranties are not
    so true and correct as of such dates, without giving effect to
    any qualifications or limitations as to materiality or material
    adverse effect set forth in such representations and warranties,
    individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect;

 

there is no pending or threatened suit, action or
    proceeding by any governmental entity, (1) challenging the
    acquisition by Johnson & Johnson or Pivot Merger Sub,
    Inc. of any shares of our common

stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit the
    completion of the merger, or seeking to place limitations on the
    ownership of shares of our common stock, or shares of common
    stock of the surviving corporation, by Johnson &
    Johnson or Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. or seeking to obtain from us,
    Johnson & Johnson or Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. any damages
    that are material in relation to us, (2) seeking to
    prohibit or materially limit the ownership or operation by us,
    Johnson & Johnson or our or their subsidiaries of any
    portion of our or their respective businesses or assets, or to
    compel us, Johnson & Johnson or any of our or their
    subsidiaries to divest or hold separate any portion of our or
    their businesses or assets, as a result of the merger,
    (3) seeking to prohibit Johnson & Johnson or any
    of its subsidiaries from effectively controlling in any material
    respect our business or operations or (4) otherwise having
    or being reasonably expected to have, a material adverse effect;
    and

 

there is no restraining order, injunction or
    other court order or statute, law, rule, legal restraint or
    prohibition that would reasonably be expected to result in any
    of the effects described in the immediately preceding bullet
    point.

The merger agreement provides that a
material adverse effect on us means any change,
effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development or
developments which individually or in the aggregate would
reasonably be expected to result in any change or effect that
(1) is materially adverse to the business, financial
condition, results of operations or prospects of us and our
subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (2) would reasonably be
expected to prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder
or delay our completion of the merger or the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, in each case, subject to
specified guidelines of interpretation and subject further to
the limitation that none of the following will be deemed, either
alone or in combination, to constitute, and none of the
following will be taken into account in determining whether
there has been or will be, a material adverse effect:

 

any change relating to the United States economy
    or securities markets in general;

 

any failure, in and of itself, by us to meet any
    internal or published projections, forecasts, or revenue or
    earnings predictions for any period ending on or after the date
    of the merger agreement (although the facts or occurrences
    giving rise or contributing to such failure may be deemed to
    constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether
    there has been or will be a material adverse effect); and

 

any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence,
    state of facts or development attributable to the conditions
    affecting the industry in which we participate, other than as
    may arise or result from regulatory action by a governmental
    entity, so long as the effects do not disproportionately impact
    us.

Our obligation to effect the merger is further
subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following additional
condition:

 

the representations and warranties of Johnson
    & Johnson and Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. set forth in the merger
    agreement that are qualified as to materiality are true and
    correct, and the representations of Johnson & Johnson and
    Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. set forth in the merger agreement that
    are not so qualified are true and correct in all material
    respects, in each case as of the date of the merger agreement
    and as of the closing date of the merger as though made on the
    closing date, except to the extent such representations and
    warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as
    of such earlier date.

We can provide no assurance that all of the
conditions precedent to the merger will be satisfied or waived
by the party permitted to do so. We cannot at this point
determine whether the waiver of any particular condition would
materially change the terms of the merger. If we determine that
a waiver of a condition would materially change the terms of the
merger, we will resolicit proxies. In making our determination
of whether the waiver of a particular condition would materially
change the terms of the merger, we would consider, among other
factors:

 

the reasons for the waiver;

 

the effect of the waiver on the terms of the
    merger;

 

whether the requirement being waived was
    necessary in order to make the transaction fair to our
    stockholders from a financial point of view; and

 

the availability of alternative transactions to
    us and our prospects as an independent entity.

No Solicitation

The merger agreement provides that we will not,
nor will we authorize or permit any of our subsidiaries or our
or their directors, officers, or employees or any investment
banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other advisor
or representative retained by us or any of our subsidiaries to,
directly or indirectly:

 

solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or take
    any other action designed to, or which could reasonably be
    expected to, facilitate, any takeover proposal, as described
    below; or

 

enter into, continue or otherwise participate in
    any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any
    person any information, or otherwise cooperate in any way with,
    any takeover proposal.

The merger agreement provides that,
notwithstanding the restrictions described above, at any time
prior to the time that our stockholders approve the adoption of
the merger agreement:

 

we receive a bona fide written takeover proposal
    that our board of directors determines in good faith, after
    consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of
    nationally recognized reputation, constitutes or is reasonably
    likely to lead to a superior proposal, as described below,

 

which takeover proposal was not solicited after
    the date of the merger agreement and was made after the date of
    the merger agreement and did not otherwise result from our
    breach of the merger agreement or exclusivity agreement,

we may, if our board of directors determines in
good faith, after consultation with outside counsel, that it is
required to do so in order to comply with its fiduciary duties
to our stockholders under applicable law, and, subject to
providing written notice of our decision to do so to Johnson
& Johnson:

 

furnish, under a customary confidentiality
    agreement, information about us to any person making a superior
    proposal; and

 

participate in discussions or negotiations
    regarding such superior proposal.

The merger agreement provides that:

 

the term takeover proposal means any
    inquiry, proposal or offer from any person relating to, or that
    would reasonably be expected to lead to, any direct or indirect
    acquisition or purchase, in one transaction or a series of
    transactions, of assets or businesses that constitute 15% or
    more of our revenues, net income or assets, taken as a whole, or
    15% or more of any class of our equity securities, any tender
    offer or exchange offer that if completed would result in any
    person beneficially owning 15% or more of any class of our
    equity securities or the equity securities of our subsidiaries,
    or any merger, consolidation, business combination,
    recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture,
    binding share exchange or similar transaction involving us or
    our subsidiaries pursuant to which any person or the
    shareholders of any person would own 15% or more of any class of
    our equity securities or the equity securities or our
    subsidiaries or of any resulting parent company of us, other
    than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and
    the stockholder agreement; and

 

the term superior proposal means a
    bona fide offer made by a third party that if completed would
    result in the third party (or its shareholders) owning, directly
    or indirectly, all or substantially all of (A) our common
    stock then outstanding, (B) common stock of the surviving
    entity in a merger or the direct or indirect parent of the
    surviving entity in a merger, or (C) our assets, in each
    case, which our board of directors determines in good faith
    (after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally
    recognized reputation) to be (1) more favorable to our
    stockholders from a financial point of view than the merger,
    taking into account all the terms and conditions of such
    proposal as compared to the merger agreement (including any
    changes to the financial terms of the merger agreement proposed
    by

Johnson & Johnson in response to such offer
    or otherwise), and (2) reasonably capable of being
    completed, taking into account all financial, legal, regulatory
    and other aspects of such proposal.

The merger agreement further provides that
neither our board of directors nor any committee of our board of
directors will:

 

withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to
    Johnson & Johnson), or publicly propose to withdraw (or
    modify in a manner adverse to Johnson & Johnson), the
    approval, recommendation or declaration of advisability by our
    board of directors or such committee of our board of directors
    of the merger agreement, the merger or the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement;

 

recommend, adopt or approve, or propose publicly
    to recommend, adopt or approve, any takeover proposal; or

 

approve or recommend, or propose to approve or
    recommend, or allow us or any of our subsidiaries to execute or
    enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding,
    agreement in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement,
    option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement
    or other similar agreement constituting or related to, or that
    is intended to or would reasonably be expected to lead to, any
    takeover proposal, other than a customary confidentiality
    agreement to facilitate the disclosure of information about us
    to any person making a superior proposal, as described above.

However, at any time prior to the time
stockholder approval is obtained, our board of directors may
(1) change or propose to change its approval or
recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement if it
determines in good faith (after consultation with outside
counsel) that it is required to do so in order to comply with
its fiduciary duties to our stockholders under applicable law or
(2) cause us to enter into a contingent acquisition
agreement with respect to a superior proposal that was
unsolicited and made after the date of the merger agreement and
that did not otherwise result from our breach of the provisions
of the merger agreement; provided, however, that before changing
its recommendation or causing us to enter into a contingent
acquisition agreement, our board of directors is required to
give Johnson & Johnson four business days prior written
notice, which notice must state the reasons for the change,
including the terms and conditions of the superior proposal that
is the basis of the proposed action by our board of directors.

If our board of directors, or any committee of
our board of directors, withdraws its recommendation of the
merger agreement or the merger or recommends a superior
proposal, Johnson & Johnson is entitled to terminate the
merger agreement. If Johnson & Johnson terminates the merger
agreement in this circumstance, we must pay Johnson &
Johnson a fee in the amount of $4,400,000. See
 Termination and  Fees
and Expenses.

We are prohibited from entering into a contingent
acquisition agreement relating to a superior proposal unless
that agreement provides that:

 

it will not become effective unless and until the
    termination of the merger agreement prior to the completion of
    the merger; and

 

no action by us may take place with respect to
    the transactions described in by the contingent acquisition
    agreement prior to the termination of the merger agreement.

Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the effective time of the merger, regardless of
whether our stockholders have approved the adoption of the
merger agreement:

 

by mutual written consent of Johnson &
    Johnson, Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. and us;

 

by either Johnson & Johnson or us if the
    merger has not been completed on or before March 15, 2003;
    provided, however, that this right to terminate the merger
    agreement is not available to any party whose breach of a
    representation or warranty or whose action or failure to act has
    been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the
    merger to be completed on or before March 15, 2003;

 

by either Johnson & Johnson or us if any
    restraining order, injunction or other court order or statute,
    law, rule, legal restraint or prohibition that:

 

prevents the completion of the merger, or

 

had or would reasonably be expected to have a
    material adverse effect on us is in effect and has become final
    and nonappealable;

 

by either Johnson & Johnson or us, if
    our stockholders do not approve the adoption of the merger
    agreement at the special meeting, or at any adjournment or
    postponement thereof;

 

by Johnson & Johnson if we have breached
    or failed to perform any of our representations, warranties,
    covenants or agreements set forth in the merger agreement, if
    the breach or failure to perform

 

would give rise to the failure of the closing
    conditions relating to our representations and warranties, and
    our covenants or agreements described under the caption
     Conditions to the Completion of the
    Merger, and

 

is incapable of being cured by us within 30
    calendar days following receipt of written notice of such breach
    or failure to perform from Johnson & Johnson;

 

by Johnson & Johnson, if a restraining
    order, injunction or other court order or statute, law, rule,
    legal restraint or prohibition

 

challenging the acquisition by Johnson &
    Johnson or Pivot Merger Sub, Inc. of any shares of our common
    stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit the completion of the
    merger, or seeking to place limitations on the ownership of
    shares of our common stock (or shares of common stock of the
    surviving corporation) by Johnson & Johnson or Pivot
    Merger Sub, Inc., or seeking to obtain from Johnson &
    Johnson, Pivot Merger Sub, Inc., or us any damages that are
    material in relation to us,

 

seeking to prohibit or materially limit the
    ownership or operation by us or Johnson & Johnson, or
    our or their subsidiaries, of any portion of our or their
    respective businesses or assets or to compel us,
    Johnson & Johnson, or our or their subsidiaries, to
    divest or hold separate any portion of our or their respective
    businesses or assets, as a result of the merger,

 

seeking to prohibit Johnson & Johnson or
    its subsidiaries from effectively controlling in any material
    respect our business or operations or that of any of our
    subsidiaries or

 

otherwise having, or being reasonably expected to
    have, a material adverse effect

is in effect and has become final and
    nonappealable;

 

by us, if Johnson & Johnson has breached
    or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties,
    covenants or agreements set forth in the merger agreement, if
    the breach or failure to perform

 

gives rise to the failure of the closing
    conditions relating to Johnson & Johnsons
    representations and warranties, and covenants or agreements
    described under the caption  Conditions to the
    Completion of the Merger, and

 

is incapable of being cured by Johnson &
    Johnson within 30 calendar days following receipt of
    written notice of such breach or failure to perform from us; or

 

by Johnson & Johnson, in the event that
    prior to the obtaining of stockholder approval, our board of
    directors or any committee of our board of directors

 

withdraws (or modifies in a manner adverse to
    Johnson & Johnson), or publicly proposes to withdraw
    (or modify in a manner adverse to Johnson & Johnson),
    the approval, recommendation or declaration of advisability of
    the merger agreement, the merger or the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement or

 

recommends, adopts or approves, or proposes
    publicly to recommend, adopt or approve, any takeover proposal,
    or

 

fails publicly to reaffirm its recommendation of
    the merger agreement, the merger or the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement within ten business days of
    receipt of a written request by Johnson & Johnson to provide
    such reaffirmation following a takeover proposal.

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

Subject to applicable law:

 

the merger agreement may be amended by mutual
    consent of the parties in writing at any time, except that after
    the merger has been adopted by our stockholders, no amendment
    may be entered into which requires approval by such stockholders
    unless such further approval is obtained; and

 

at any time prior to the effective time of the
    merger, a party may, by written instrument signed on behalf of
    such party, extend the time for performance of the obligations
    of any other party to the merger agreement, waive inaccuracies
    in representations and warranties of any other party contained
    in the merger agreement or in any related document and waive
    compliance by any other party with any agreement or condition in
    the merger agreement.

Fees and Expenses

The merger agreement generally provides that each
party will pay its own fees and expenses in connection with the
merger agreement and the transactions described in the merger
agreement, whether or not the merger is completed. However, we
must pay Johnson & Johnson a $4,400,000 termination fee if:

 

the merger agreement is terminated by Johnson
    & Johnson pursuant to its right described in the last bullet
    point under the heading  Termination; or

 

prior to obtaining stockholder approval, we or
    our stockholders receive a takeover proposal or a takeover
    proposal otherwise becomes publicly known or any person publicly
    announces an intention, whether or not conditional, to make a
    takeover proposal, the merger agreement is terminated by either
    Johnson & Johnson or us because either (1) the outside
    date has been reached without a vote in respect of the adoption
    of the merger agreement having been taken at the special meeting
    of our stockholders or (2) our stockholders have not
    adopted the merger agreement at the special meeting and within
    twelve months after such termination, we complete, or enter into
    a definitive agreement to complete, the transactions described
    in any takeover proposal.

STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT

The following description summarizes the
material provisions of the stockholder agreement and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of
the stockholder agreement. The stockholder agreement included in
this proxy statement as Annex B contains the complete terms
of that agreement and stockholders should read it carefully and
in its entirety.

Voting Arrangements and Related
Provisions

In connection with the execution of the merger
agreement, certain of our directors, executive officers and
other stockholders, who together hold approximately [26]% of the
outstanding shares of our common stock as of the record date
entered into a stockholder agreement with Johnson & Johnson.
Each of these directors, executive officers and other
stockholders has agreed to vote all of their respective shares
of our common stock in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement, the approval of the merger and the approval of the
other transactions described in the merger agreement.

Each of these stockholders also agreed to vote
all shares of our common stock held by that stockholder against
the following actions:

 

any merger agreement or merger or similar
    transaction or takeover proposal as described in The
    Merger Agreement  No Solicitation; and

 

any amendment to our certificate of incorporation
    or bylaws or any other proposed action or transaction that would
    impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify the merger, the merger
    agreement or the transactions described in the merger agreement.

In connection with the stockholder agreement, the
stockholders further agreed not to:

 

sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise
    dispose of their respective shares of our common stock or enter
    into any contract or other arrangement with respect to the sale,
    transfer, pledge, assignment or disposition of their respective
    shares of our common stock;

 

enter into voting arrangements whether by proxy,
    voting agreement or otherwise with respect to their respective
    shares of our common stock;

 

solicit, initiate, encourage or otherwise
    facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
    constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to a
    takeover proposal, as described in The Merger
    Agreement  No Solicitation, or enter into any
    agreement, or engage in or continue any discussions, or furnish
    any information with respect to, a takeover proposal; or

 

exercise any rights of appraisal or dissent.

Each of the parties to the stockholder agreement
has irrevocably granted to, and appointed Johnson & Johnson
and Robert ONeil, WW Vice President, Business Development,
Johnson & Johnson Consumer and Personal Care Group,
Michael E. Sneed, President, Personal Products Company, a
division of McNeil-PPC, Inc., a subsidiary of Johnson &
Johnson, and John T. Crisan, Assistant General Counsel of
Johnson & Johnson, and any individual who succeeds any of
them, and each of them individually, and any individual
designated in writing by any of them, as that partys proxy
and attorney-in-fact to vote, or grant a consent with respect
to, that partys shares of our common stock in favor of the
adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the merger and
the other transactions described therein and against certain
alternative transactions.

Profit Disgorgement Provisions

In addition to the voting arrangements and
related provisions described above, the stockholder agreement
contains profit disgorgement provisions pursuant to which:

 

in the event that we become unconditionally
    obligated to pay a termination fee to Johnson & Johnson
    under the terms of the merger agreement, each stockholder who is
    a party to this stockholder

agreement is required to pay to
    Johnson & Johnson 50% of all profit (determined in
    accordance with the stockholder agreement) of such stockholder,
    solely in his, her or its capacity as a stockholder of our
    company, from the completion of any takeover proposal as
    described in The Merger Agreement  No
    Solicitation; and

 

in the event that, prior to the completion of the
    merger, a takeover proposal as described in The Merger
    Agreement  No Solicitation shall have been made
    to us or with respect to us, the merger shall have been
    completed and Johnson & Johnson for any reason shall
    have increased the amount payable to our stockholders in
    connection with the merger above $7.41 per share, each
    stockholder is required to pay Johnson & Johnson an
    amount equal to the product of:

 

the number of shares of our common stock
    beneficially owned by such stockholder that are subject to the
    stockholder agreement; and

 

50% of the excess, if any, of (1) the per
    share consideration received by the stockholder as a result of
    the completion of the merger, pursuant to the merger agreement
    as in effect on the date of such completion, over
    (2) $7.41 per share.

The general effect of these provisions is that
these stockholders are obligated to pay Johnson &
Johnson 50% of the difference between the amount they receive in
their capacity as stockholders from our completion of an
alternate transaction (including a transaction with
Johnson & Johnson that would result in our stockholders
receiving an amount that is greater than $7.41 per share)
and $7.41 per share. These provisions may have the effect
of discouraging a third party from proposing an alternative
transaction.

Termination

The stockholder agreement generally terminates on
the earlier of the effective date of the merger, the date of
termination of the merger agreement or, at the option of any
stockholder, any amendment, modification, change or waiver to
the merger agreement subsequent to the date of the stockholder
agreement that results in any decrease in the price to be paid
per share for each share of our common stock, or any change in
the form of consideration to be used to purchase the shares of
our common stock that results in a reduction of the amount of
cash to be paid in respect thereof. In the event that the merger
agreement is terminated under circumstances where
Johnson & Johnson is or may become entitled to receive
a termination fee from us pursuant to the terms of the merger
agreement, the profit disgorgement provisions survive the
termination of the stockholder agreement until the earlier to
occur of (1) the 12-month anniversary of the termination of
the merger agreement in the event that the termination fee does
not become unconditionally payable before such date or
(2) with respect to any stockholder, the date on which any
amounts payable by such stockholder to Johnson &
Johnson are paid in full. With respect to any stockholders, in
the event that the merger is completed under circumstances where
Johnson & Johnson is entitled to receive payment from
such stockholder as described in the second bullet point under
the heading  Profit Disgorgement
Provisions above, the profit disgorgement provisions
survive the completion of the merger until the date on which any
amounts payable by such stockholder to Johnson &
Johnson are paid in full.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth the beneficial
ownership of our common stock as of November 22, 2002 and
options that are exercisable within 60 days of that date
of: (1) each person or entity who is known by us to own
beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our
common stock; (2) each of our directors; (3) each of
our officers; and (4) all of our current directors and
named executive officers as a group. The following table does
not show the common stock beneficially owned by
Johnson & Johnson pursuant to the stockholder
agreement. Except as otherwise noted, the address of each person
listed in the table is c/o OraPharma, Inc., 732 Louis
Drive, Warminster, Pennsylvania 18974.

Total Shares

Percent of

Name and address

Beneficially Owned

Class(1)

5% or Greater Stockholders

Frazier Healthcare(2)

1,115,334

8.1

%

Bricoleur Capital Management(3)

1,091,470

8.0

Domain Partners(4)

1,066,119

7.8

TL Ventures(5)

860,915

6.2

Directors and Executive Officers

Jesse I. Treu(6)

1,087,369

7.8

%

Michael D. Kishbauch(7)

375,495

2.5

David I. Scheer(8)

200,160

1.3

J. Ronald Lawter(9)

115,177

*

James A. Ratigan(10)

107,988

*

Eileen M. More(11)

66,584

*

Jan N. Lessem(12)

61,656

*

Harry T. Rein(13)

36,435

*

James J. Mauzey(14)

33,500

*

Russell Secter(15)

10,924

*

David Wright(16)



All directors and executive officers as a group
    (12 persons)(17)

2,104,093

13.8

%

*

Less than 1%.

(1) 

Applicable percentage of beneficial ownership is
    based on shares of our common stock outstanding as of
    November 22, 2002 and options that are exercisable within
    60 days of that date and calculated pursuant to
    Rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act.

(2) 

Includes 1,110,909 shares beneficially owned by
    Frazier Healthcare II, L.P., FHM II, L.L.C., Frazier
    Management, L.L.C., Frazier & Company, Inc., and Alan
    D. Frazier. Also includes 4,425 shares obtainable by the Frazier
    entities upon the exercise of warrants. The address for each of
    the Frazier entities is 601 Union Street, Suite 3300,
    Seattle, WA 98101.

(3) 

Includes 1,091,470 shares beneficially owned by
    Bricoleur Capital Management, L.L.C. The address for each of the
    Bricoleur entities is 12230 El Camino, Real Suite 100,
    San Diego, CA 92130.

(4) 

Includes 1,030,053 shares beneficially owned by
    Domain Partners IV, L.P., 24,683 shares beneficially
    owned by DP IV Associates, L.P. and 7,843 shares
    beneficially owned by Domain Associates, L.L.C. Also includes
    3,540 shares obtainable by the Domain entities upon the
    exercise of warrants. Dr. Treu, a director of OraPharma, is
    a Managing Member of the General Partner of Domain
    Partners IV, L.P. and DP IV Associates, L.P. and is a
    Managing Member of Domain Associates, L.L.C., the manager of
    Domain Partners IV, L.P. and DP IV Associates, L.P.
    Dr. Treu shares voting and investment power with respect to
    these shares and disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares
    except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The
    address for each of the Domain entities is One Palmer Square,
    Princeton, NJ 08542.

(5) 

Includes 849,854 shares beneficially owned
    by TL Ventures III L.P., TL Ventures III Offshore L.P.
    and TL Ventures III Interfund L.P. Also includes
    11,061 shares of common stock obtainable upon the exercise
    of warrants. The address for each of the TL Ventures
    entities is 700 Building, 435 Devon Park Drive, Wayne,
    PA 19087.

(6) 

Includes 1,030,053 shares beneficially owned
    by Domain Partners IV, L.P., 24,683 shares
    beneficially owned by DP IV Associates, L.P.,
    7,843 shares beneficially owned by Domain Associates,
    L.L.C., and 3,540 shares obtainable by the Domain entities
    upon the exercise of warrants. Includes 21,250 shares
    obtainable by Dr. Treu upon the exercise of stock options
    that are exercisable by Dr. Treu within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. Excludes 23,750 shares obtainable
    by Dr. Treu upon the exercise of stock options that are not
    exercisable within 60 days of November 22, 2002.
    Dr. Treu, a director of OraPharma, is a Managing Member of
    the General Partner of Domain Partners IV, L.P. and
    DP IV Associates, L.P. and is a Managing Member of Domain
    Associates, L.L.C., the manager of Domain Partners IV, L.P.
    and DP IV Associates, L.P. Dr. Treu shares voting and
    investment power with respect to these shares and disclaims
    beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of his
    pecuniary interest therein. The address for Dr. Treu is One
    Palmer Square, Princeton, NJ 08542. Upon shareholder approval of
    the merger agreement, 23,750 shares of unvested stock
    options owned by Dr. Treu, which are not currently
    exercisable within 60 days of November 22, 2002, but
    are below the purchase price, will automatically vest.

(7) 

Includes 29,621 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of stock options that are exercisable by
    Mr. Kishbauch within 60 days of November 22,
    2002. Excludes 183,590 shares obtainable upon the exercise
    of stock options that are not exercisable within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. Upon shareholder adoption of the merger
    agreement, 153,365 shares of unvested stock options owned
    by Mr. Kishbauch, which are not currently exercisable
    within 60 days of November 22, 2002, but are below the
    purchase price, will automatically vest.

(8) 

Includes 167,750 shares owned by Scheer
    Investment Holdings I, L.L.C. Also includes 11,160 shares
    owned by Mr. Scheer and 21,250 shares obtainable by
    Mr. Scheer upon the exercise of stock options that are
    exercisable by Mr. Scheer within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. Excludes 23,750 shares obtainable
    by Mr. Scheer upon the exercise of stock options that are
    not exercisable within 60 days of November 22, 2002.
    Mr. Scheer is President of Scheer & Company, Inc.,
    the fund manager of Scheer Investment Holdings I, L.L.C.
    Mr. Scheer disclaims beneficial ownership of
    any shares in which he does not have a pecuniary interest.
    The address for Mr. Scheer is 250 West Main Street,
    Branford, CT 06405. Upon shareholder adoption of the merger
    agreement, 23,750 shares of unvested stock options owned by
    Mr. Scheer, which are not currently exercisable within
    60 days of November 22, 2002, but are below the
    purchase price, will automatically vest.

(9) 

Includes 9,302 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of stock options that are exercisable by
    Dr. Lawter within 60 days of November 22, 2002.
    Excludes 110,160 shares obtainable upon the exercise of
    stock options that are not exercisable within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. Upon shareholder adoption of the merger
    agreement, 102,000 shares of unvested stock options owned
    by Dr. Lawter, which are not currently exercisable within
    60 days of November 22, 2002, but are below the
    purchase price, will automatically vest.

(10) 

Includes 14,875 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of stock options that are exercisable by
    Mr. Ratigan within 60 days of November 22, 2002.
    Also includes 49,057 shares held by Mr. Ratigans
    spouse, as to which Mr. Ratigan disclaims beneficial
    ownership. Excludes 20,187 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of stock options that are not exercisable within
    60 days of November 22, 2002. Upon shareholder
    adoption of the merger agreement, 13,910 shares of unvested
    stock options owned by Mr. Ratigan, which are not currently
    exercisable within 60 days of November 22, 2002, but
    are below the purchase price, will automatically vest.

(11) 

Includes 45,334 shares owned and
    21,250 shares obtainable upon the exercise of stock options
    that are exercisable by Ms. More within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. Excludes 23,750 shares obtainable
    upon the exercise of stock options granted to Ms. More that
    are not exercisable within 60 days of November 22,
    2002. Also excludes 26,548 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of warrants owned by

Oak Investment Partners VI and Oak VI Affiliates
    Fund. Ms. More is a Special Limited Partner of Oak
    Investment Partners. Ms. More disclaims beneficial
    ownership of shares in which she does not have a pecuniary
    interest. The address for Ms. More is One Gorham Island,
    Westport, CT 06880. Upon shareholder adoption of the merger
    agreement, 23,750 shares of unvested stock options owned by
    Ms. Moore, which are not currently exercisable within
    60 days of November 22, 2002, but are below the
    purchase price, will automatically vest.

(12) 

Includes 37,106 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of stock options that are exercisable by
    Dr. Lessem within 60 days of November 22, 2002.
    Also includes 6,200 shares held by Dr. Lessems
    spouse, as to which Dr. Lessem disclaims beneficial
    ownership. Excludes 44,543 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of stock options that are not exercisable within
    60 days of November 22, 2002. Upon shareholder
    adoption of the merger agreement, 36,554 shares of unvested
    stock options owned by Dr. Lessem, which are not currently
    exercisable within 60 days of November 22, 2002, but
    are below the purchase price, will automatically vest.

(13) 

Includes 15,185 shares owned by
    Mr. Rein and includes 21,250 shares obtainable upon
    the exercise of stock options that are exercisable by
    Mr. Rein within 60 days of November 22, 2002.
    Excludes 23,750 shares obtainable upon the exercise of
    stock options that are not exercisable within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. Also excludes 20,600 shares
    obtainable upon the exercise of warrants owned by Canaan
    Partners. Mr. Rein has served as a General Partner of
    Canaan Partners, the fund manager for Canaan Equity L.P.
    Mr. Rein disclaims beneficial ownership of shares in which
    he does not have a pecuniary interest. The address for
    Mr. Rein is 105 Rowayton Avenue, Rowayton, CT 06853.
    Upon shareholder adoption of the merger agreement,
    23,750 shares of unvested stock options owned by
    Mr. Rein, which are not currently exercisable within
    60 days of November 22, 2002, but are below the
    purchase price, will automatically vest.

(14) 

Includes 26,000 shares owned by
    Mr. Mauzey and includes 7,500 shares obtainable upon
    the exercise of stock options that are exercisable by
    Mr. Mauzey within 60 days of November 22, 2002.
    Excludes 22,500 shares obtainable upon the exercise of
    stock options that are not exercisable within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. The address for Mr. Mauzey is
    11104 Brass Kettle Road, Raleigh, NC 27614. Upon
    shareholder adoption of the merger agreement, 22,500 shares
    of unvested stock options owned by Mr. Mauzey, which are
    not currently exercisable within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002, but are below the purchase price, will
    automatically vest.

(15) 

Includes 7,724 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of stock options that are exercisable by
    Mr. Secter within 60 days of November 22, 2002.
    Excludes 37,276 shares obtainable upon the exercise of
    stock options that are not exercisable within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. Upon shareholder adoption of the merger
    agreement, 29,440 shares of unvested stock options owned by
    Mr. Secter, which are not exercisable within 60 days
    of November 22, 2002, but are below the purchase price,
    will automatically vest.

(16) 

Includes no shares obtainable upon the exercise
    of stock options that are exercisable by Mr. Wright within
    60 days of November 22, 2002. Excludes
    25,000 shares obtainable upon the exercise of stock options
    that are not exercisable within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. The address for Mr. Wright is 6611
    Tributary Street, Baltimore, MD 21224. Upon shareholder adoption
    of the merger agreement, 25,000 shares of unvested stock
    options owned by Mr. Wright, which are not currently
    exercisable within 60 days of November 22, 2002, but
    are below the purchase price, will automatically vest.

(17) 

Includes 3,540 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of warrants and 192,883 shares obtainable upon the
    exercise of stock options, in each case exercisable with
    60 days of November 22, 2002. Excludes
    542,081 shares obtainable upon the exercise of stock
    options that are not exercisable with 60 days of
    November 22, 2002. Upon shareholder adoption of the merger
    agreement, 480,647 shares of unvested stock options, which
    are not currently exercisable within 60 days of
    November 22, 2002, but are below the purchase price, will
    automatically vest.

OTHER MATTERS

As of the date of this proxy statement, we know
of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the
special meeting other than as described in this proxy statement.

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

Our 2003 annual meeting of stockholders is
scheduled to take place in June 2003. We will hold the 2003
annual meeting of our stockholders only if the merger is not
completed before the time of such meeting. The deadline for
submission of stockholder proposals for inclusion in our proxy
materials for the 2003 annual meeting is January 15, 2003.
If the merger is not completed, under Rule 14a-8 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, our stockholders
may present proper proposals for inclusion in our proxy
statement and for consideration at the 2003 annual meeting by
submitting their proposal in writing to our Corporate Secretary.

Proposals submitted outside of the Securities and
Exchange Commissions procedures are subject to advance
notice provisions of our by-laws. Our by-laws provide that
stockholders wishing to make a nomination for election to the
board of directors or propose business to be considered by our
stockholders at an annual meeting must submit written notice of
such nomination or proposal to our secretary not less than
60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the first
anniversary of the previous years annual meeting of
stockholders, which occurred on June 18, 2002. In the event
that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days
before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date,
notice by the stockholder, in order to be timely, must be
delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 90th day
prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of
business on the later of the 60th day prior to such annual
meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public
announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by us.
Our by-laws set forth certain informational requirements for
stockholders nomination of directors and proposals.

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

The information contained in this proxy statement
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. These forward-looking statements include statements
about the following:

 

our ability to complete the merger;

 

our ability to successfully market Arestin
    in the United States;

 

our ability to predict future sales levels of
    Arestin;

 

our ability to obtain approval to sell
    Arestin in Europe;

 

our intentions regarding European distribution
    partners;

 

anticipated operating losses and capital
    expenditures;

 

the adequacy of our liquidity position; and

 

our new product candidate development efforts,
    and estimated costs related thereto.

When used in this proxy statement, we intend the
words may, believe,
anticipate, plan, expect,
predict, estimate, require,
intend and similar words to identify
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, to be
far different from that suggested by our forward-looking
statements. Such risks and uncertainties include our inability
to complete the merger, the possible failure of research and
development efforts or clinical trials for our product
candidates; our ability to successfully market product
candidates; our ability to successfully market Arestin in
the United States and our intentions to market Arestin in
Europe; our ability to obtain approval to market Arestin
in Europe; our ability to achieve milestones on which licensed
rights to Arestin and our other product candidates are
dependent; the prospect of continued losses by us; our
dependence on sole-source suppliers for the production of
Arestin; and the other risks and factors identified from
time to time in reports we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission or in public statements issued by us. You should not
place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We
disclaim any obligation to update any of these factors or to
publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of these
forward-looking statements, and we claim the protection of the
safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

We file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any document we file
with the SEC at the SECs facilities located at Judiciary
Plaza, Room 1024, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington,
D.C. 20549 or at the offices of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. located at 1735 K Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the SECs public
reference rooms. Our SEC filings also are available to the
public at the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov.

Statements contained in this proxy statement, or
in any document incorporated in this proxy statement by
reference regarding the contents of any contract or other
document, are not necessarily complete and each such statement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to such contract or
other document.

The Securities and Exchange Commission allows us
to incorporate by reference into this proxy
statement documents we file with the SEC. This means that we can
disclose important information to you by referring you to those
documents. The information incorporated by reference is
considered to be a part of this proxy statement, and later
information that we file with the SEC will update and supersede
the information set forth in the proxy statement. We incorporate
by reference the documents listed below and any documents filed
by us pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, after the date of
this proxy statement and before the date of the special meeting:

OraPharmas SEC Filings (Commission File No. 000-29839):

Period:

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2001

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2002

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2002

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2002

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on June 19, 2002

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on August 16, 2002

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on November 13, 2002

Registration Statement on Form 8-A
    (description of OraPharmas common stock)

Filed on March 7, 2000

Registration Statement on Form 8-A
    (description of OraPharmas common stock)

Filed on August 16, 2002

Registration Statement on Form 8-A/ A
    (description of OraPharmas common stock)

Filed on November 13, 2002

Definitive Proxy Statement

Filed on April 30, 2002

Stockholders can obtain any of the documents
incorporated by reference by contacting us orally or in writing
at OraPharma, Inc., 732 Louis Drive, Warminster, PA 18974,
(215) 956-2200, Attention: Investor Relations. Documents
incorporated by reference are available from us without charge,
excluding all exhibits.

If you would like to request documents, please do
so
by                     ,
2002 in order to receive them before the special meeting.

THIS PROXY STATEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE THE
SOLICITATION OF A PROXY IN ANY JURISDICTION TO OR FROM ANY
PERSON TO WHOM OR FROM WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH PROXY
SOLICITATION IN SUCH JURISDICTION. YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE
INFORMATION CONTAINED OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT TO VOTE YOUR SHARES AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. WE HAVE
NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION THAT IS
DIFFERENT FROM WHAT IS CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. THIS
PROXY STATEMENT IS
DATED                     ,
2002. YOU SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN
THIS

PROXY STATEMENT IS ACCURATE AS OF ANY DATE
OTHER THAN THAT DATE, AND THE MAILING OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT TO
STOCKHOLDERS DOES NOT CREATE ANY IMPLICATION TO THE
CONTRARY.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT
SPEAKS ONLY AS OF THE DATE INDICATED ON THE COVER OF THIS
DOCUMENT UNLESS THE INFORMATION SPECIFICALLY INDICATES THAT
ANOTHER DATE APPLIES.

ANNEX A

EXECUTION COPY

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

dated as of

November 12, 2002

among

JOHNSON & JOHNSON,

PIVOT MERGER SUB, INC.

and

ORAPHARMA, INC.



Page

ARTICLE I

     THE MERGER

SECTION 1.01.

THE MERGER

A-1

SECTION 1.02.

CLOSING

A-1

SECTION 1.03.

EFFECTIVE TIME

A-1

SECTION 1.04.

EFFECTS OF THE MERGER

A-2

SECTION 1.05.

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS

A-2

SECTION 1.06.

DIRECTORS

A-2

SECTION 1.07.

OFFICERS

A-2

ARTICLE II

     EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT
    CORPORATIONS;

    EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

SECTION 2.01.

EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK

A-2

SECTION 2.02.

EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

A-3

ARTICLE III

     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 3.01.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

A-4

SECTION 3.02.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB

A-21

ARTICLE IV

     COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

SECTION 4.01.

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

A-22

SECTION 4.02.

NO SOLICITATION

A-25

ARTICLE V

     ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

SECTION 5.01.

PREPARATION OF THE PROXY STATEMENT;
    STOCKHOLDERS MEETING

A-28

SECTION 5.02.

ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY

A-28

SECTION 5.03.

COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS

A-29

SECTION 5.04.

COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS;

A-29

SECTION 5.05.

INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE

A-30

SECTION 5.06.

FEES AND EXPENSES

A-30

SECTION 5.07.

PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS

A-31

SECTION 5.08.

STOCKHOLDER LITIGATION

A-31

SECTION 5.09.

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

A-31

SECTION 5.10.

EMPLOYEE MATTERS

A-31

SECTION 5.11.

STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT LEGEND

A-32

ARTICLE VI

     CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION 6.01.

CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTYS OBLIGATION TO
    EFFECT THE MERGER

A-32

SECTION 6.02.

CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND SUB

A-33

SECTION 6.03.

CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY

A-33

SECTION 6.04.

FRUSTRATION OF CLOSING CONDITIONS

A-34

A-i

Page

ARTICLE VII

     TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 7.01.

TERMINATION

A-34

SECTION 7.02.

EFFECT OF TERMINATION

A-34

SECTION 7.03.

AMENDMENT

A-35

SECTION 7.04.

EXTENSION; WAIVER

A-35

SECTION 7.05.

PROCEDURE FOR TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT

A-35

ARTICLE VIII

     GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 8.01.

NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

A-35

SECTION 8.02.

NOTICES

A-35

SECTION 8.03.

DEFINITIONS

A-36

SECTION 8.04.

INTERPRETATION

A-37

SECTION 8.05.

CONSENTS AND APPROVALS

A-37

SECTION 8.06.

COUNTERPARTS

A-37

SECTION 8.07.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES

A-37

SECTION 8.08.

GOVERNING LAW

A-37

SECTION 8.09.

ASSIGNMENT

A-38

SECTION 8.10.

SPECIFIC ENFORCEMENT; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

A-38

SECTION 8.11.

SEVERABILITY

A-38

ANNEX I INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

A-40

EXHIBIT A CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
    OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

A-43

A-ii

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
Agreement) dated as of November 12, 2002, among
JOHNSON & JOHNSON, a New Jersey corporation
(Parent), PIVOT MERGER SUB, INC., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent
(Sub), and ORAPHARMA, INC., a Delaware corporation
(the Company).

WHEREAS the Board of Directors of each of the
Company and Sub has approved and declared advisable, and the
Board of Directors of Parent has approved, this Agreement and
the merger of Sub with and into the Company (the
Merger), upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby each issued and
outstanding share of common stock, par value $.001 per share, of
the Company (Company Common Stock), other than
(i) shares of Company Common Stock directly owned by
Parent, Sub or the Company and (ii) the Appraisal Shares,
will be converted into the right to receive $7.41 in cash;

WHEREAS simultaneously with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and as a condition to Parents
willingness to enter into this Agreement, Parent and certain
stockholders of the Company (the Principal
Stockholders) entered into an agreement (the
Stockholder Agreement) pursuant to which the
Principal Stockholders agreed to vote, approve and adopt this
Agreement and to take certain other actions in furtherance of
the consummation of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Stockholder Agreement; and

WHEREAS Parent, Sub and the Company desire to
make certain representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
in this Agreement, and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

SECTION 1.01.     
The
Merger.
 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL),
Sub shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective
Time. Following the Effective Time, the separate corporate
existence of Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as
the surviving corporation in the Merger (the Surviving
Corporation) and shall succeed to and assume all the
rights and obligations of Sub in accordance with the DGCL.

SECTION 1.02.     
Closing.

The closing of the Merger (the Closing) will take
place at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by the
parties, which shall be no later than the second business day
after satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver of
the conditions set forth in Article VI (other than those
conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent
permitted by law) waiver of those conditions), at the offices of
Cravath, Swaine & Moore, Worldwide Plaza,
825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10019, unless another
time, date or place is agreed to in writing by Parent and the
Company; provided, however, that if all the conditions set forth
in Article VI shall not have been satisfied or (to the
extent permitted by law) waived on such second business day,
then the Closing shall take place on the first business day on
which all such conditions shall have been satisfied or (to the
extent permitted by law) waived. The date on which the Closing
occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the Closing
Date.

SECTION 1.03.     
Effective
Time.
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon
as practicable on the Closing Date, the parties shall file with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of
merger (the Certificate of Merger) executed and
acknowledged by the parties in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the DGCL and, as soon as practicable on or after
the Closing Date, shall make all other filings or recordings
required under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective upon
the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware, or at such other time as Parent
and the Company shall agree and shall specify in the Certificate
of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being the
Effective Time).

SECTION 1.04.     
Effects
of the Merger.
 The Merger shall have the effects set forth
in Section 259 of the DGCL.

SECTION 1.05.     
Certificate
of Incorporation and By-laws.
 (a) The Fourth Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the
Company Certificate) shall be amended at the
Effective Time to be in the form of Exhibit A and, as so
amended, such Company Certificate shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter
changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law.

(b) The By-laws of Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the By-laws of
the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as
provided therein or by applicable law.

SECTION 1.06.     
Directors.

The directors of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the
case may be.

SECTION 1.07.     
Officers.

The officers of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the
case may be.

ARTICLE II

EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE

CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

SECTION 2.01.     
Effect
on Capital Stock.
 At the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of
Parent or Sub:

(a) Capital Stock of Sub. Each issued and
    outstanding share of capital stock of Sub shall be converted
    into and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
    share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
    Surviving Corporation.

(b) Cancelation of Treasury Stock and
    Parent-Owned Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock that is
    directly owned by the Company, Parent or Sub immediately prior
    to the Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and
    retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
    delivered in exchange therefor.

(c) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Each
    share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
    prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled in
    accordance with Section 2.01(b) and the Appraisal Shares)
    shall be converted into the right to receive $7.41 in cash,
    without interest (the Merger Consideration). At the
    Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common Stock shall no
    longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and
    retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a
    certificate which immediately prior to the Effective Time
    represented any such shares of Company Common Stock (each, a
    Certificate) shall cease to have any rights with
    respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration. The right of any holder of a Certificate to
    receive the Merger Consideration shall be subject to and reduced
    by the amount of any withholding that is required under
    applicable tax law.

(d) Appraisal Rights. Notwithstanding
    anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares (the
    Appraisal Shares) of Company Common Stock issued and
    outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are
    held by any holder who is entitled to demand and properly
    demands appraisal of such Appraisal Shares pursuant to, and who
    complies in all respects with, the provisions of
    Section 262 of the DGCL (Section 262)
    shall not be converted into the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(c), but instead
    such holder shall be entitled to payment of the fair value of
    such Appraisal Shares in accordance with the provisions of
    Section 262. At the Effective Time, all Appraisal Shares
    shall no longer be outstanding, shall automatically be canceled
    and shall cease to exist, and each

A-2

holder of Appraisal Shares shall cease to have
    any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the
    fair value of such Appraisal Shares in accordance with the
    provisions of Section 262. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
    if any such holder shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall
    waive, withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under
    Section 262, or a court of competent jurisdiction shall
    determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief
    provided by Section 262, then the right of such holder to
    be paid the fair value of such holders Appraisal Shares
    under Section 262 shall cease and such Appraisal Shares
    shall be deemed to have been converted at the Effective Time
    into, and shall have become, the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(c). The Company
    shall serve prompt notice to Parent of any demands for appraisal
    of any shares of Company Common Stock, and Parent shall have the
    right to participate in and direct all negotiations and
    proceedings with respect to such demands. Prior to the Effective
    Time, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent
    of Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect to, or
    settle or offer to settle, any such demands, or agree to do any
    of the foregoing.

SECTION 2.02.     
Exchange
of Certificates.
 (a) Paying Agent. Prior to the
Effective Time, Parent shall appoint JPMorgan Chase or another
comparable bank or trust company to act as paying agent (the
Paying Agent) for the payment of the Merger
Consideration. At the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or
cause the Surviving Corporation to deposit, with the Paying
Agent, for the benefit of the holders of Certificates, cash in
an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration
required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.01(c) (such cash
being hereinafter referred to as the Exchange Fund).

(b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as
practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the
Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of a Certificate
(i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Paying Agent and which shall be in customary
form and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably
specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the
surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger
Consideration. Each holder of record of a Certificate shall,
upon surrender to the Paying Agent of such Certificate, together
with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and such other
documents as may reasonably be required by the Paying Agent, be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor the amount of cash
which the number of shares of Company Common Stock previously
represented by such Certificate shall have been converted into
the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.01(c), and the
Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the
event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock which
is not registered in the transfer records of the Company,
payment of the Merger Consideration may be made to a person
other than the person in whose name the Certificate so
surrendered is registered if such Certificate shall be properly
endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the
person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other
taxes required by reason of the payment of the Merger
Consideration to a person other than the registered holder of
such Certificate or establish to the reasonable satisfaction of
Parent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. Until
surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.02(b), each
Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time
to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the
Merger Consideration which the holder thereof has the right to
receive in respect of such Certificate pursuant to this
Article II. No interest shall be paid or will accrue on any
cash payable to holders of Certificates pursuant to the
provisions of this Article II.

(c) No Further Ownership Rights in Company
Common Stock. All cash paid upon the surrender of Certificates
in accordance with the terms of this Article II shall be deemed
to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining
to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by
such Certificates. At the close of business on the day on which
the Effective Time occurs, the stock transfer books of the
Company shall be closed, and there shall be no further
registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the
Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock that
were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If,
after the Effective Time, any Certificate is presented to the
Surviving Corporation for transfer, it shall be canceled against
delivery of cash to the holder thereof as provided in this
Article II.

(d) Termination of the Exchange Fund. Any
portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the
holders of the Certificates for nine months after the Effective
Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any holders
of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this
Article II shall

A-3

thereafter look only to Parent for, and Parent
shall remain liable for, payment of their claim for the Merger
Consideration.

(e) No Liability. None of Parent, Sub, the
Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be
liable to any person in respect of any cash from the Exchange
Fund properly delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If any
Certificate shall not have been surrendered prior to two years
after the Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier
date on which any Merger Consideration would otherwise escheat
to or become the property of any Governmental Entity), any such
Merger Consideration shall, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, become the property of Parent, free and clear of
all claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

(f) Investment of Exchange Fund. The Paying
Agent shall invest the cash in the Exchange Fund as directed by
Parent. Any interest and other income resulting from such
investments shall be paid to Parent.

(g) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate
to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the
posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable amount as
Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be
made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying
Agent shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect thereto.

(h) Withholding Rights. Parent, the
Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable
pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of Company
Common Stock such amounts as Parent, the Surviving Corporation
or the Paying Agent is required to deduct and withhold with
respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or any
provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing
authority by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying
Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes
of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the
shares of Company Common Stock in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made by Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 3.01.     
Representations
and Warranties of the Company.
 Except as set forth in the
disclosure schedule (with specific reference to the particular
Section or subsection of this Agreement to which the information
set forth in such disclosure schedule relates; provided,
however, that any information set forth in one section of the
Company Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to apply to each
other section thereof or hereof to which its relevance is
readily apparent on its face) delivered by the Company to Parent
prior to the execution of this Agreement (the Company
Disclosure Schedule), the Company represents and warrants
to Parent and Sub as follows:

(a) Organization, Standing and Corporate
    Power. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has been duly
    organized, and is validly existing and in good standing under
    the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation,
    as the case may be, and has all requisite power and authority
    and possesses all governmental licenses, permits, authorizations
    and approvals necessary to enable it to use its corporate or
    other name and to own, lease or otherwise hold and operate its
    properties and other assets and to carry on its business as
    presently conducted, except where the failure to have such
    government licenses, permits, authorizations or approvals
    individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each
    of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or
    licensed to do business and is in good standing in each
    jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
    ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
    qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such
    jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
    individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
    Company has made available to Parent prior to the execution of
    this Agreement, complete and accurate copies of the

A-4

Company Certificate and its By-laws (the
    Company By-laws), and the comparable organizational
    documents of each of its Subsidiaries, in each case as amended
    to the date hereof. The Company has made available to Parent
    complete and accurate copies of the minutes (or, in the case of
    minutes that have not yet been finalized, drafts thereof) of all
    meetings of the stockholders of the Company and each of its
    Subsidiaries, the Board of Directors of the Company and each of
    its Subsidiaries and the committees of each of such Board of
    Directors, in each case held since March 9, 2000 and prior
    to the date hereof.

(b) Subsidiaries. Section 3.01(b) of
    the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each of the Subsidiaries
    of the Company and, for each such Subsidiary, the state of
    incorporation or formation and, as of the date hereof, each
    jurisdiction in which such Subsidiary is qualified or licensed
    to do business. All the issued and outstanding shares of capital
    stock of, or other equity interests in, each such Subsidiary
    have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable
    and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company free and
    clear of all pledges, liens, charges, encumbrances or security
    interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively,
    Liens), and free of any restriction on the right to
    vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other
    equity interests. Except for the capital stock of, or voting
    securities or equity interests in, its Subsidiaries, the Company
    does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock of, or
    other voting securities or equity interests in, any corporation,
    partnership, joint venture, association or other entity.

(c) Capital Structure. The authorized
    capital stock of the Company consists of 50,000,000 shares
    of Company Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
    stock, par value $.001 per share (Company Preferred
    Stock). At the close of business on November 8, 2002,
    (i) 13,633,886 shares of Company Common Stock were
    issued and outstanding, (ii) no shares of Company Common
    Stock were held by the Company in its treasury,
    (iii) 2,554,412 shares of Company Common Stock were
    reserved for issuance pursuant to the 1996 Stock Option Plan of
    the Company, as amended, and the 1999 Equity Compensation Plan
    of the Company, as amended (such plans, collectively, the
    Company Stock Plans) (of which 1,460,973 shares
    of Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding Company
    Stock Options), (iv) no shares of Company Preferred Stock
    were issued or outstanding or were held by the Company as
    treasury shares, (v) warrants to acquire
    179,269 shares of Company Common Stock from the Company
    pursuant to the warrant agreements set forth on
    Section 3.01(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and
    previously delivered in complete and correct form to Parent (the
    Warrants) were issued and outstanding and
    (vi) 220,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock designated
    as Series E Junior Participating Preferred Stock were
    reserved for issuance in connection with the rights (the
    Rights) issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement
    dated as of August 1, 2002, between the Company and
    StockTrans, Inc., as rights agent (the Rights
    Agreement). Except as set forth above in this
    Section 3.01(c), at the close of business on
    November 8, 2002, no shares of capital stock or other
    voting securities or equity interests of the Company were
    issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. There are no
    outstanding stock appreciation rights, phantom stock
    rights, performance units, rights to receive shares of Company
    Common Stock on a deferred basis or other rights (other than
    Company Stock Options and Warrants) that are linked to the value
    of Company Common Stock (collectively, Company Stock-Based
    Awards). Section 3.01(c) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list, as of
    November 8, 2002, of all outstanding options to purchase
    shares of Company Common Stock (collectively, Company
    Stock Options) under the Company Stock Plans or otherwise,
    and all outstanding Warrants, the number of shares of Company
    Common Stock (or other stock) subject thereto, the grant dates,
    expiration dates, exercise or base prices (if applicable) and
    vesting schedules thereof and the names of the holders thereof.
    There are no outstanding shares of Company Common Stock in
    respect of which the Company has a right under specified
    circumstances to repurchase such shares at a fixed purchase
    price. All outstanding Company Stock Options are evidenced by
    stock option agreements, restricted stock purchase agreements or
    other award agreements, in each case in the forms set forth in
    Section 3.01(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and no
    stock option agreement, restricted stock purchase agreement or
    other award agreement contains terms that are inconsistent with
    such forms. As of the close of business on November 8,
    2002, there were outstanding Company Stock Options to purchase
    1,143,699 shares of Company Common Stock with exercise prices on
    a per share

A-5

basis lower than the Merger Consideration, and
    the weighted average exercise price of such Company Stock
    Options was equal to $4.1838. As of the close of business on
    November 8, 2002, there were outstanding Warrants to
    purchase 68,652 shares of Company Common Stock with exercise
    prices on a per share basis lower than the Merger Consideration.
    Each Company Stock Option may, by its terms, be canceled in
    connection with the transactions contemplated hereby for a lump
    sum cash payment in accordance with and to the extent required
    by Section 5.04(a). All outstanding shares of capital stock
    of the Company are, and all shares which may be issued pursuant
    to the Company Stock Options or the Warrants will be, when
    issued in accordance with the terms thereof, duly authorized,
    validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to
    preemptive rights. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or
    other indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote (or
    convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the
    right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of the
    Company may vote. Except as set forth above in this
    Section 3.01(c), (x) there are not issued, reserved
    for issuance or outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock
    or other voting securities or equity interests of the Company,
    (B) any securities of the Company convertible into or
    exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or other
    voting securities or equity interests of the Company,
    (C) any warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire
    from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no obligation
    of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any capital
    stock, voting securities, equity interests or securities
    convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital
    stock or voting securities of the Company and (y) there are
    not any outstanding obligations of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such
    securities or to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
    delivered or sold, any such securities. Neither the Company nor
    any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any voting agreement with
    respect to the voting of any such securities. Except as set
    forth above in this Section 3.01(c), there are no
    outstanding (1) securities of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
    shares of capital stock or voting securities or equity interests
    of any Subsidiary of the Company, (2) warrants, calls,
    options or other rights to acquire from the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries, and no obligation of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting securities,
    equity interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable
    or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of any
    Subsidiary of the Company or (3) obligations of the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
    acquire any such outstanding securities or to issue, deliver or
    sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any such
    securities.

(d) Authority; Noncontravention. The Company
    has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and
    deliver this Agreement and, subject to receipt of the
    Stockholder Approval, to consummate the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
    this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
    Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
    been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
    part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the
    part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
    to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject, in
    the case of the consummation of the Merger, to the obtaining of
    the Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed
    and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due
    authorization, execution and delivery by each of the other
    parties hereto, constitutes a legal, valid and binding
    obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
    accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
    moratorium, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights
    of creditors generally and the availability of equitable
    remedies. The Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting
    duly called and held at which all directors of the Company were
    present, duly and unanimously adopted resolutions
    (i) approving and declaring advisable this Agreement, the
    Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement, (ii) declaring that it is in the best interests
    of the stockholders of the Company that the Company enter into
    this Agreement and consummate the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the terms and
    subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
    (iii) directing that the adoption of this Agreement be
    submitted as promptly as practicable to a vote at a meeting of
    the stockholders of the Company and (iv) recommending that
    the stockholders of the Company adopt this Agreement, which
    resolutions, as of the date of this Agreement, have not been
    subsequently rescinded, modified or withdrawn in any way. The
    execution and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the
    consummation of

A-6

the Merger and the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the
    provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result
    in any violation or breach of, or default (with or without
    notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
    of termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or
    to the loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any
    Lien in or upon any of the properties or other assets of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, (x) the Company
    Certificate or the Company By-laws or the comparable
    organizational documents of any of its Subsidiaries,
    (y) any loan or credit agreement, bond, debenture, note,
    mortgage, indenture, lease or other contract, agreement,
    obligation, commitment, arrangement, understanding, instrument,
    permit, franchise or license, whether oral or written (each,
    including all amendments thereto, a Contract), to
    which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or any
    of their respective properties or other assets is subject or
    (z) subject to the governmental filings, the obtaining of
    the Stockholder Approval and the other matters referred to in
    the following sentence, any (A) statute, law, ordinance,
    rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries or their respective properties or other assets or
    (B) order, writ, injunction, decree, judgment or stipulation, in
    each case applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    or their respective properties or other assets, other than, in
    the case of clauses (y) and (z), any such conflicts,
    violations, breaches, defaults, rights, losses or Liens that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No
    consent, a pproval, order or authorization of, action by or in
    respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
    Federal, state, local or foreign government, any court,
    administrative, regulatory or other governmental agency,
    commission or authority or any non-governmental self-regulatory
    agency, commission or authority (each, a Governmental
    Entity) is required by or with respect to the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and
    delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation of
    the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement, except for (1) the filing of a premerger
    notification and report form by the Company under the
    Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
    amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the HSR
    Act), and the receipt, termination or expiration, as
    applicable, of approvals or waiting periods required under the
    HSR Act or any other applicable competition, merger control,
    antitrust or similar law or regulation, (2) the filing with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) of
    (A) a proxy statement relating to the adoption by the
    stockholders of the Company of this Agreement (as amended or
    supplemented from time to time, the Proxy Statement)
    and (B) such reports under the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as may be
    required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement, (3) the filing of the
    Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State
    of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant
    authorities of other states in which the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is qualified to do business, (4) any filings
    required under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq National
    Market and (5) such other consents, approvals, orders,
    authorizations, actions, registrations, declarations and filings
    the failure of which to be obtained or made individually or in
    the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected
    to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Company SEC Documents. The Company has
    filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
    documents (including exhibits and other information incorporated
    therein) with the SEC required to be filed by the Company since
    March 9, 2000 (the Company SEC Documents). As
    of their respective dates, the Company SEC Documents complied in
    all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
    Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the
    Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations
    of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such Company SEC
    Documents, and none of the Company SEC Documents contained any
    untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
    material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
    order to make the statements therein, in light of the
    circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except
    to the extent that information contained in any Company SEC
    Document has been revised or superseded by a later-filed Company
    SEC Document, none of the Company SEC Documents contains any
    untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any
    material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
    order to make the statements therein, in light of the
    circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
    financial statements (including the related notes) of the
    Company included in the

A-7

Company SEC Documents complied at the time they
    were filed as to form in all material respects with applicable
    accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
    of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in
    accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
    United States (GAAP) (except, in the case of
    unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC)
    applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
    (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and each
    fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated
    financial position of the Company and its consolidated
    Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
    results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then
    ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal
    year-end audit adjustments). Parent shall receive a certificate
    signed by the chief executive officer and the chief financial
    officer of the Company in their capacities as such, on or prior
    to the Closing Date, with respect to the most recent annual
    report on Form 10-K and all reports on Form 10-Q, all
    reports on Form 8-K and all definitive proxy materials
    filed with the SEC, in each case subsequent to the filing of the
    most recent Form 10-K and any amendments thereto filed
    prior to the date hereof and except for any such reports or
    proxy materials that have been certified pursuant to
    18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (collectively, the
    Covered Reports) stating that, to the best of such
    persons knowledge, (i) no Covered Report contained an
    untrue statement of material fact as of the end of the period
    covered by such report (or in the case of a report on
    Form 8-K or definitive proxy materials, as of the date on
    which it was filed) and (ii) no Covered Report omitted to
    state a material fact necessary to make the statements in such
    Covered Report, in light of the circumstances under which they
    were made, not misleading as of the end of the period covered by
    such report (or in the case of a report on Form 8-K or
    definitive proxy materials, as of the date on which it was
    filed). Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed
    by the Company and publicly available prior to the date of this
    Agreement (the Filed Company SEC Documents), neither
    the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or
    obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent
    or otherwise) which individually or in the aggregate have had or
    would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
    None of the Subsidiaries of the Company are, or have at any time
    since March 9, 2000, been, subject to the reporting
    requirements of Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange
    Act.

(f) Information Supplied. None of the
    information supplied or to be supplied by the Company
    specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
    Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to the
    stockholders of the Company and at the time of the
    Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
    material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
    stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
    therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
    made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty
    is made by the Company with respect to statements made or
    incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied
    by or on behalf of Parent or Sub in writing specifically for
    inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement.
    The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material
    respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
    and regulations thereunder.

(g) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
    Except for liabilities incurred in connection with this
    Agreement and except as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC
    Documents or as expressly permitted pursuant to
    Section 4.01(a)(i) through (xvii), since the date of the
    most recent audited financial statements included in the Filed
    Company SEC Documents, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
    conducted their respective businesses only in the ordinary
    course consistent with past practice, and there has not been any
    Material Adverse Change, and from such date until the date
    hereof there has not been (i) any declaration, setting
    aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether
    in cash, stock or property) with respect to any capital stock of
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than dividends or
    distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of
    the Company to its shareholders, (ii) any purchase,
    redemption or other acquisition by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries of any shares of capital stock or any other
    securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
    options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire such shares or
    other securities, (iii) any split, combination or
    reclassification of any capital stock of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or any issuance or the authorization of any
    issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
    substitution for shares of their respective capital stock, (iv)
    (A) any granting by the Company or any of

A-8

its Subsidiaries to any current or former
    director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or its
    Subsidiaries of any increase in compensation, bonus or fringe or
    other benefits or any granting of any type of compensation or
    benefits to any current or former director, officer, employee or
    consultant not previously receiving or entitled to receive such
    type of compensation or benefit, except for normal increases in
    cash compensation (including cash bonuses) in the ordinary
    course of business consistent with past practice or as was
    required under any Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit
    Plan in effect as of the date of the most recent financial
    statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents,
    (B) any granting by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    to any current or former director, officer, employee or
    consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
    right to receive any increase in severance or termination pay,
    or (C) any entry by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    into, or any amendments of, (1) any employment, deferred
    compensation, severance, change of control, termination or
    indemnification agreement or any other agreement, plan or
    policy, or any consulting agreement with aggregate amounts paid
    or payable in excess of $10,000, with or involving any current
    or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (2) any agreement
    with any current or former director, officer, employee or
    consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries the
    benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which are
    materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction
    involving the Company of a nature contemplated by this Agreement
    (all such agreements under this clause (C), collectively,
    Company Benefit Agreements), (D) any adoption
    of, any amendment to or any termination of any Company Benefit
    Plan, or (E) any payment of any benefit under, or the grant of
    any award under, or any amendment to, or termination of, any
    bonus, incentive, performance or other compensation plan or
    arrangement, Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan
    (including in respect of stock options, phantom
    stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock,
    phantom stock rights, restricted stock units,
    deferred stock units, performance stock units or other stock-
    based or stock-related awards or the removal or modification of
    any restrictions in any Company Benefit Agreement or Company
    Benefit Plan or awards made thereunder) except as required to
    comply with applicable law or any Company Benefit Agreement or
    Company Benefit Plan in effect as of the date of the most recent
    financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC
    Documents, (v) any damage, destruction or loss, whether or
    not covered by insurance, that individually or in the aggregate
    has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect, (vi) any change in accounting methods,
    principles or practices by the Company materially affecting its
    assets, liabilities or businesses, except insofar as may have
    been required by a change in GAAP, (vii) any material tax
    election (including any election to treat Microsphere Technology
    Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as an entity
    other than a disregarded entity for Federal tax purposes) or any
    settlement or compromise of any material income tax liability or
    (viii) any sale, transfer, assignment, license or other
    conveyance (in whole or in part) of any property (including
    cash), Contract or liability to Microsphere Technology Holding
    LLC.

(h) Litigation. Except as disclosed in the
    Filed Company SEC Documents, there is no suit, action or
    proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
    threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets that individually
    or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any judgment,
    decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or
    arbitrator outstanding against, or, to the Knowledge of the
    Company, investigation by any Governmental Entity involving, the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
    assets that individually or in the aggregate has had or would
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(i) Contracts. Except as disclosed in the
    Filed Company SEC Documents and except with respect to licenses
    and other agreements relating to intellectual property, which
    are the subject of Section 3.01(p), as of the date hereof,
    neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to,
    and none of their respective properties or other assets is
    subject to, any contract or agreement that is of a nature
    required to be filed as an exhibit to a report or filing under
    the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and the rules and
    regulations promulgated thereunder. None of the Company, any of
    its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any party
    thereto is in violation of or in default under (nor does there
    exist any condition which upon the passage of time or the giving
    of notice or both would cause such a violation

A-9

of or default under) any Contract (including the
    Manufacturer and Supply Agreement, dated February 16, 2001,
    between the Company and aaiPharma Inc., the Packaging Agreement,
    dated November 9, 2000, between the Company and Packaging
    Corporation Inc., and the Distribution Agreement, dated
    March 28, 2001, between the Company and Cord Logistics,
    Inc.), to which it is a party or by which it or any of its
    properties or other assets is bound, except for violations or
    defaults that individually or in the aggregate have not had and
    would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
    entered into any Contract with any Affiliate of the Company that
    is currently in effect other than agreements that are disclosed
    in the Filed Company SEC Documents. Neither the Company nor any
    of its Subsidiaries is a party to or otherwise bound by any
    agreement or covenant restricting the Companys or any of
    its Subsidiaries ability to compete or by any agreement or
    covenant restricting in any respect the research, development,
    distribution, training, sale, supply, license, marketing or
    manufacturing of products or services of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries.

(j) Compliance with Laws; Environmental
    Matters. (i) Except with respect to Environmental Laws, the
    Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
    (ERISA) and taxes, which are the subjects of
    Sections 3.01(j)(ii), 3.01(l) and 3.01(n), respectively,
    and except as set forth in the Filed Company SEC Documents, each
    of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all
    statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, judgments,
    orders and decrees of any Governmental Entity applicable to it,
    its properties or other assets or its business or operations
    (collectively, Legal Provisions), except for
    failures to be in compliance that individually or in the
    aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries has in effect all approvals, authorizations,
    certificates, filings, franchises, licenses, notices and permits
    of or with all Governmental Entities (collectively,
    Permits), including all Permits under the Federal
    Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as amended (the
    FDCA), and the regulations of the Federal Food and
    Drug Administration (the FDA) promulgated
    thereunder, necessary for it to own, lease or operate its
    properties and other assets and to carry on its business and
    operations as presently conducted, except where the failure to
    have such Permits individually or in the aggregate has not had
    and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect. There has occurred no default under, or violation of,
    any such Permit, except for any such default or violation that
    individually or in the aggregate as has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
    consummation of the Merger, in and of itself, would not cause
    the revocation or cancelation of any such Permit that
    individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect. No action, demand, requirement
    or investigation by any Governmental Entity and no suit, action
    or proceeding by any other person, in each case with respect to
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
    respective properties or other assets under any Legal Provision,
    is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened,
    other than, in each case, those the outcome of which
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) Except for those matters disclosed in
    the Filed Company SEC Documents and those matters that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:
    (A) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is, and has
    been, in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and
    has obtained and complied with all Permits required under any
    Environmental Laws to own, lease or operate its properties or
    other assets and to carry on its business and operations as
    presently conducted; (B) there have been no Releases or
    threatened Releases of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or
    affecting any properties currently or formally owned, leased or
    operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
    (C) there is no investigation, suit, claim, action or
    proceeding pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company,
    threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries relating to or arising under Environmental Laws,
    and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
    any notice of any such investigation, suit, claim, action or
    proceeding; (D) neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has entered into or assumed by contract or
    operation of law or otherwise, any obligation, liability, order,
    settlement, judgment, injunction or decree relating to or
    arising under Environmental Laws; and (E) to the Knowledge
    of the Company, there are no facts,

A-10

circumstances or conditions that would reasonably
    be expected to form the basis for any investigation, suit,
    claim, action, proceeding or liability against or affecting the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to or arising under
    Environmental Laws. The term Environmental Laws
    means all Federal, state, local and foreign laws (including the
    common law), statutes, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances,
    orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices, Permits,
    treaties or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered
    into by any Governmental Entity, relating in any way to the
    environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources or
    endangered species, the presence, management, Release or threat
    of Release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Materials, or to human
    health and safety. The term Hazardous Materials
    means (1) petroleum products and by-products, asbestos and
    asbestos-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam
    insulation, medical or infectious wastes, polychlorinated
    biphenyls, radon gas, chlorofluorocarbons and all other
    ozone-depleting substances or (2) any chemical, material,
    substance, waste, pollutant or contaminant that is prohibited,
    limited or regulated by or pursuant to any Environmental Law.
    The term Release means any spilling, leaking,
    pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting,
    escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing or migrating into or
    through the environment or any natural or man-made structure.

(k) Absence of Changes in Company Benefit
    Plans; Labor Relations. Except as disclosed in the Filed Company
    SEC Documents or as expressly permitted pursuant to
    Section 4.01(a)(i) through (xvii), since the date of the
    most recent audited financial statements included in the Filed
    Company SEC Documents, there has not been any adoption or
    amendment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
    collective bargaining agreement or any employment, bonus,
    pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive
    compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock
    appreciation, restricted stock, stock option,
    phantom stock, performance, retirement, thrift,
    savings, stock bonus, paid time off, perquisite, fringe benefit,
    vacation, severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization,
    medical, welfare benefit or other plan, program, policy,
    arrangement or understanding (whether or not legally binding)
    maintained, contributed to or required to be maintained or
    contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
    other person or entity that, together with the Company, is
    treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m)
    or (o) of the Code (each, a Commonly Controlled
    Entity), in each case providing benefits to any current or
    former director, officer, employee or consultant (which, in the
    case of individual agreements with consultants, involve
    aggregate amounts paid or payable in excess of $10,000) of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the
    Company Benefit Plans), or any material change in
    any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding
    obligations with respect to any Company Pension Plans, or any
    change in the manner in which contributions to any Company
    Pension Plans are made or the basis on which such contributions
    are determined, other than amendments or other changes as
    required to ensure that such Company Benefit Plan is not then
    out of compliance with applicable law, or reasonably determined
    by the Company to be necessary or appropriate to preserve the
    qualified status of a Company Pension Plan under
    Section 401(a) of the Code. Except as disclosed in the
    Filed Company SEC Documents, there exist no currently binding
    material Company Benefit Agreements. There are no collective
    bargaining or other labor union agreements to which the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries is bound. As of the date hereof, none of
    the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are
    represented by any union with respect to their employment by the
    Company or such Subsidiary. As of the date hereof, since
    March 9, 2000, neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has experienced any labor disputes, union
    organization attempts or work stoppages, slowdowns or lockouts
    due to labor disagreements.

(l) ERISA Compliance.
    (i) Section 3.01(l)(i) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of each Company
    Benefit Plan that is an employee pension benefit
    plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (sometimes
    referred to herein as a Company Pension Plan), each
    Company Benefit Plan that is an employee welfare benefit
    plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all
    other Company Benefit Plans. The Company has provided to Parent
    complete and accurate copies of (A) each Company Benefit
    Plan (or, in the case of any unwritten Company Benefit Plans,
    descriptions thereof), (B) the two most recent annual
    reports on Form 5500 required to be filed with the Internal
    Revenue Service (the IRS) with respect to each
    Company Benefit Plan (if any such report was required),
    (C) the most recent summary plan description for each
    Company Benefit Plan for which such

A-11

summary plan description is required and
    (D) each trust agreement and insurance or group annuity
    contract relating to any Company Benefit Plan. Each Company
    Benefit Plan has been administered in all material respects in
    accordance with its terms. The Company, its Subsidiaries and all
    the Company Benefit Plans are all in compliance in all material
    respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and
    all other applicable laws, including laws of foreign
    jurisdictions, and the terms of all collective bargaining
    agreements.

(ii) All Company Pension Plans intended to
    be tax-qualified have received favorable determination letters
    from the IRS with respect to TRA (as defined in
    Section 1 of Rev. Proc. 93-39), and have timely filed
    with the IRS determination letter applications with respect to
    GUST (as defined in Section 1 of Notice
    2001-42), to the effect that such Company Pension Plans are
    qualified and exempt from Federal income taxes under
    Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, no
    such determination letter has been revoked (or, to the Knowledge
    of the Company, has revocation been threatened) and no event has
    occurred since the date of the most recent determination letter
    or application therefor relating to any such Company Pension
    Plan that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the
    qualification of such Company Pension Plan or materially
    increase the costs relating thereto or require security under
    Section 307 of ERISA. All Company Pension Plans required to
    have been approved by any foreign Governmental Entity have been
    so approved, no such approval has been revoked (or, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, has revocation been threatened) and no
    event has occurred since the date of the most recent approval or
    application therefor relating to any such Company Pension Plan
    that would reasonably be expected to materially affect any such
    approval relating thereto or materially increase the costs
    relating thereto. The Company has delivered to Parent a complete
    and accurate copy of the most recent determination letter
    received prior to the date hereof with respect to each Company
    Pension Plan, as well as a complete and accurate copy of each
    pending application for a determination letter, if any. The
    Company has also provided to Parent a complete and accurate list
    of all amendments to any Company Pension Plan as to which a
    favorable determination letter has not yet been received.

(iii) Neither the Company nor any Commonly
    Controlled Entity has (A) maintained, contributed to or
    been required to contribute to any Company Benefit Plan that is
    subject to Title IV of ERISA or (B) has any
    unsatisfied liability under Title IV of ERISA.

(iv) All reports, returns and similar
    documents with respect to all Company Benefit Plans required to
    be filed with any Governmental Entity or distributed to any
    Company Benefit Plan participant have been duly and timely filed
    or distributed. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    has received notice of, and to the Knowledge of the Company,
    there are no investigations by any Governmental Entity with
    respect to, termination proceedings or other claims (except
    claims for benefits payable in the normal operation of the
    Company Benefit Plans), suits or proceedings against or
    involving any Company Benefit Plan or asserting any rights or
    claims to benefits under any Company Benefit Plan that would
    give rise to any material liability, and, to the Knowledge of
    the Company, there are not any facts that could give rise to any
    material liability in the event of any such investigation,
    claim, suit or proceeding.

(v) All contributions, premiums and benefit
    payments under or in connection with the Company Benefit Plans
    that are required to have been made as of the date hereof in
    accordance with the terms of the Company Benefit Plans have been
    timely made or have been reflected on the most recent
    consolidated balance sheet filed or incorporated by reference
    into the Filed Company SEC Documents. Neither any Company
    Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of any Commonly
    Controlled Entity has an accumulated funding
    deficiency (as such term is defined in Section 302 of
    ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether or not waived.

(vi) With respect to each Company Benefit
    Plan, (A) there has not occurred any prohibited transaction
    (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or
    Section 4975 of the Code) in which the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees, or any
    trustee, administrator or other fiduciary of such Company
    Benefit Plan, or any agent of the foregoing, has engaged that
    would reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or any of their respective

A-12

employees, or a trustee, administrator or other
    fiduciary of any trust created under any Company Benefit Plan,
    to the tax or penalty on prohibited transactions imposed by
    Section 4975 of the Code or the sanctions imposed under
    Title I of ERISA and (B) neither the Company nor any
    of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any
    trustee, administrator or other fiduciary of any Company Benefit
    Plan nor any agent of any of the foregoing, has engaged in any
    transaction or acted in a manner, or failed to act in a manner,
    that would reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any
    trustee, administrator or other fiduciary, to any liability for
    breach of fiduciary duty under ERISA or any other applicable
    law. No Company Benefit Plan or related trust has been
    terminated, nor has there been any reportable event
    (as that term is defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) for
    which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived with
    respect to any Company Benefit Plan during the last five years,
    and no notice of a reportable event will be required to be filed
    in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement.

(vii) Section 3.01(l)(vii) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule discloses whether each Company
    Benefit Plan that is an employee welfare benefit plan is
    (A) unfunded or self-insured, (B) funded through a
    welfare benefit fund, as such term is defined in
    Section 419(e) of the Code, or other funding mechanism or
    (C) insured. Each such employee welfare benefit plan may be
    amended or terminated (including with respect to benefits
    provided to retirees and other former employees) without
    material liability (other than benefits then payable under such
    plan without regard to such amendment or termination) to the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries at any time after the
    Effective Time. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
    complies in all material respects with the applicable
    requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code or any similar
    state statute with respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is
    a group health plan, as such term is defined in
    Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code or such state statute.
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material
    obligations for retiree health or life insurance benefits under
    any Company Benefit Plan (other than for continuation coverage
    required under Section 4980(f) of the Code).

(viii) None of the execution and delivery of
    this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, the obtaining of the
    Stockholder Approval or the consummation of the Merger or any
    other transaction expressly contemplated by this Agreement or
    the Stockholder Agreement (including as a result of any
    termination of employment on or following the Effective Time)
    will (A) entitle any current or former director, officer,
    employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    to severance or termination pay, (B) accelerate the time of
    payment or vesting, or trigger any payment or funding (through a
    grantor trust or otherwise) of, compensation or benefits under,
    increase the amount payable or trigger any other material
    obligation pursuant to, any Company Benefit Plan or Company
    Benefit Agreement or (C) result in any breach or violation
    of, or a default under, any Company Benefit Plan or Company
    Benefit Agreement. The Companys good faith estimate as of
    the date hereof of the total amount of all payments and the fair
    market value of all non-cash benefits that may become payable or
    provided to any director, officer, employee or consultant of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries under the Company Benefit
    Agreements (assuming for such purpose that such
    individuals employment were terminated immediately
    following the Effective Time as if the Effective Time were the
    date hereof) is set forth in Section 3.01(l)(viii) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule.

(ix) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has any material liability or obligations,
    including under or on account of a Company Benefit Plan, arising
    out of the hiring of persons to provide services to the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries and treating such persons as
    consultants or independent contractors and not as employees of
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(x) No deduction by the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries in respect of any applicable employee
    remuneration (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of
    the Code) has been disallowed or is subject to disallowance by
    reason of Section 162(m) of the Code.

(m) No Excess Parachute Payments. Other than
    payments or benefits that may be made to the persons listed in
    Section 3.01(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
    (Primary Company Executives), no amount or other
    entitlement or economic benefit that could be received (whether
    in cash or

A-13

property or the vesting of property) as a result
    of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Stockholder
    Agreement, the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval, the
    consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated
    by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement (including as a
    result of termination of employment on or following the
    Effective Time) by or for the benefit of any director, officer,
    employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Affiliates
    who is a disqualified individual (as such term is
    defined in proposed Treasury
    Regulation Section 1.280G-1) under any Company Benefit
    Plan, Company Benefit Agreement or otherwise would be
    characterized as an excess parachute payment (as
    such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code),
    and no disqualified individual is entitled to receive any
    additional payment from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
    the Surviving Corporation or any other person in the event that
    the excise tax required by Section 4999(a) of the Code is
    imposed on such disqualified individual (a Parachute Gross
    Up Payment). Section 3.01(m) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule sets forth, calculated as of the date of
    this Agreement, (i) the base amount (as such
    term is defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) for each
    Primary Company Executive and each other disqualified individual
    (defined as set forth above) whose Company Stock Options will
    vest pursuant to their terms in connection with the execution
    and delivery of this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, the
    obtaining of the Stockholder Approval, the consummation of the
    Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement
    or the Stockholder Agreement (including as a result of any
    termination of employment on or following the Effective Time)
    and (ii) the estimated maximum amount that could be paid or
    provided to each Primary Company Executive as a result of the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Stockholder
    Agreement, the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval, the
    consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated
    by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement (including as a
    result of any termination of employment on or following the
    Effective Time).

(n) Taxes. (i) Each of the
    Company, its Subsidiaries and each Company Consolidated Group
    has filed or has caused to be filed in a timely manner (within
    any applicable extension period) all tax returns required to be
    filed with any taxing authority pursuant to the Code (and any
    applicable U.S. Treasury regulations) or applicable state,
    local or foreign tax laws. All such tax returns are complete and
    accurate in all material respects and have been prepared in
    substantial compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
    Each of the Company, its Subsidiaries and each Company
    Consolidated Group has paid or caused to be paid (or the Company
    has paid on its behalf) all taxes shown as due and owing on such
    tax returns, and the most recent financial statements contained
    in the Filed Company SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve
    (determined in accordance with GAAP) (excluding any reserves for
    deferred taxes established to reflect timing differences between
    book and tax income) for all taxes payable by the Company and
    its Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and portions thereof
    accrued through the date of such financial statements.

(ii) No material tax return of the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries or any Company Consolidated Group is
    under audit or examination by any taxing authority, and no
    notice of such an audit or examination has been received by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Company Consolidated
    Group. There is no deficiency, refund litigation, proposed
    adjustment or matter in controversy with respect to any material
    amount of taxes due and owing by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries or any Company Consolidated Group. Each deficiency
    resulting from any completed audit or examination relating to
    taxes by any taxing authority has been timely paid or is being
    contested in good faith and has been reserved for on the books
    of the Company. No issues relating to any material amount of
    taxes were raised by the relevant taxing authority in any
    completed audit or examination that could reasonably be expected
    to recur in a later taxable period. There is no currently
    effective agreement or other document extending, or having the
    effect of extending, the period of assessment or collection of
    any taxes of the Company or its Subsidiaries or any Company
    Consolidated Group, nor has any request been made in writing for
    any such extension, and no power of attorney (other than powers
    of attorney authorizing employees of the Company to act on
    behalf of the Company) with respect to any taxes has been
    executed or filed with any taxing authority.

A-14

(iii) None of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries will be required to include in a taxable period
    ending after the Effective Time taxable income attributable to
    income that accrued (for purposes of the financial statements of
    the Company included in the Filed Company SEC Documents) in a
    prior taxable period (or portion of a taxable period) but was
    not recognized for tax purposes in any prior taxable period as a
    result of (A) an open transaction disposition made on or
    before the Effective Time, (B) a prepaid amount received on
    or prior to the Effective Time, (C) the installment method
    of accounting, (D) the completed contract method of
    accounting, (E) the long-term contract method of
    accounting, (F) the cash method of accounting or
    Section 481 of the Code or (G) any comparable
    provisions of state or local tax law, domestic or foreign, or
    for any other reason, other than any amounts that are reflected
    in a reserve for taxes on the financial statements of the
    Company included in the Filed Company SEC Documents.

(iv) The Company and its Subsidiaries have
    complied with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules
    and regulations relating to the payment and withholding of any
    material amount of taxes (including withholding of taxes
    pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 3121 and 3402 of the Code
    and similar provisions under any Federal, state, local or
    foreign tax laws) and have, within the time and the manner
    prescribed by law, withheld from and paid over to the proper
    governmental authorities all material amounts required to be so
    withheld and paid over under applicable laws.

(v) None of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries has constituted either a distributing
    corporation or a controlled corporation in a
    distribution of stock outside of the affiliated group of which
    the Company is the common parent qualifying or intended to
    qualify for tax-free treatment (in whole or in part) under
    Section 355(a) or 361 of the Code.

(vi) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has filed a consent under Section 341 of the
    Code concerning collapsible corporations.

(vii) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries joins or has joined, for any taxable period in the
    filing of any affiliated, aggregate, consolidated, combined or
    unitary tax return other than consolidated tax returns for the
    consolidated group of which the Company is the common parent.

(viii) No claim has ever been made by any
    authority in a jurisdiction where any of the Company or its
    Subsidiaries does not file a tax return that it is, or may be,
    subject to a material amount of tax by that jurisdiction.

(ix) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any advance pricing
    agreement, closing agreement or other agreement relating to
    taxes with any taxing authority).

(x) To the Knowledge of the Company, all
    information set forth in Section 3.01(n)(x) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule supplied to Parent relating to changes in
    ownership of the Company is accurate in all material respects.

(xi) No taxing authority has asserted any
    material liens for taxes with respect to any assets or
    properties of the Company or its Subsidiaries, except for
    statutory liens for taxes not yet due and payable.

(xii) The Company Common Stock is
    regularly traded on an established securities market
    as described in Temporary Regulation Section 1.897-9T(d).

(xiii) As used in this Agreement (A)
    tax or taxes shall include (whether
    disputed or not) all (x) Federal, state, local and foreign
    income, property, sales, use, excise, withholding, payroll,
    employment, social security, capital gain, alternative minimum,
    transfer and other taxes and similar governmental charges,
    including any interest, penalties and additions with respect
    thereto, (y) liability for the payment of any amounts of
    the type described in clause (x) as a result of being a
    member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or
    aggregate group and (z) liability for the payment of any
    amounts as a result of being party to any tax sharing agreement
    or as a result of any express or implied obligation to indemnify
    any other person with respect to the payment of any amounts of
    the type described in clause (x) or (y);
    (B) Company Consolidated Group means any
    affiliated group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of
    the Code, or any other similar state, local or foreign law, in
    which the Company (or

A-15

any Subsidiary of the Company) is or has ever
    been a member or any group of corporations with which the
    Company files, has filed or is or was required to file an
    affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or aggregate tax
    return; (C) taxing authority means any Federal,
    state, local or foreign government, any subdivision, agency,
    commission or authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental body
    exercising tax regulatory authority; and (D) tax
    return or tax returns means all returns,
    declarations of estimated tax payments, reports, estimates,
    information returns and statements, including any related or
    supporting information with respect to any of foregoing, filed
    or to be filed with any taxing authority in connection with the
    determination, assessment, collection or administration of any
    taxes.

(o) Title to Properties. (i) Each of
    the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and valid title to, or
    valid leasehold interests or other comparable contract right in,
    all its properties and other assets necessary for the conduct of
    its business as currently conducted, except as have been
    disposed of in the ordinary course of business and except for
    defects in title, easements, restrictive covenants and similar
    encumbrances that individually or in the aggregate have not
    materially interfered with, and would not reasonably be expected
    to materially interfere with, its ability to conduct its
    business as presently conducted. All such properties and other
    assets, other than properties and other assets in which the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries has a leasehold interest or
    other comparable contract right, are free and clear of all
    Liens, except for Liens that individually or in the aggregate
    have not materially interfered with, and would not reasonably be
    expected to materially interfere with, the ability of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries to conduct their respective
    businesses as presently conducted.

(ii) Each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with the
    terms of all material leases to which it is a party and under
    which it is in occupancy, and all leases to which the Company is
    a party and under which it is in occupancy are in full force and
    effect, except for such failure to be in full force and effect
    that individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each
    of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in possession of the
    properties or assets purported to be leased under all its
    material leases.

(p) Intellectual Property. (i) Subject
    to Section 3.01(p)(ii), each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries owns, or is validly licensed or otherwise has the
    right to use (without any obligation to make any fixed or
    contingent payments, including royalty payments) all patents,
    patent applications, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names,
    trade name rights, domain names, service marks, service mark
    rights, copyrights, software, technical know-how and other
    proprietary intellectual property rights and computer programs
    (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights) which
    are material to the conduct of the business of the Company and
    its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case free and clear
    of all Liens. The Company has the legal power to convey the
    rights granted to it under any license for any Intellectual
    Property Right taken by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(ii) No claims are pending or, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, threatened that the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries is infringing (including with respect to the
    manufacture, use or sale by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries of their respective commercial products) the rights
    of any person with regard to any Intellectual Property Right
    which individually or in the aggregate have had or would
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the
    Knowledge of the Company, no person or persons are infringing
    the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with
    respect to any Intellectual Property Right in a manner which
    individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) No claims are pending or, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, threatened with regard to the
    ownership by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any of
    their respective Intellectual Property Rights which individually
    or in the aggregate have had or would reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iv) Section 3.01(p)(iv) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date hereof, a
    complete and accurate list of all material patents, registered
    trademarks and applications therefor, domain name registrations
    and copyright registrations (if any) owned by or licensed to the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries. All patents and patent
    applications listed in Section 3.01(p)(iv) of the Company

A-16

Disclosure Schedule are either (a) owned by
    the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or (b) licensed
    to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, in each case,
    free and clear of all Liens. The patent applications listed in
    Section 3.01(p)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Schedule that
    are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are (and
    such applications that are licensed to the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries are to the Companys knowledge) pending and
    have not been abandoned, and have been and continue to be timely
    prosecuted. All patents, registered trademarks and applications
    therefor owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have
    been (and all such patents, registered trademarks and
    applications licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    have been to the Companys Knowledge) duly registered
    and/or filed with or issued by each appropriate Governmental
    Entity in the jurisdiction indicated in Section 3.01(p)(iv)
    of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all necessary affidavits of
    continuing use have been (or, with respect to licenses, to the
    Companys Knowledge have been) filed, and all necessary
    maintenance fees have been (or, with respect to licenses, to the
    Companys Knowledge have been) timely paid to continue all
    such rights in effect. None of the patents listed in
    Section 3.01(p)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Schedule that
    are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has (and no
    such patents that are licensed to the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries has to the Companys Knowledge) expired or
    been declared invalid, in whole or in part, by any Governmental
    Entity. There are no ongoing interferences, oppositions,
    reissues, reexaminations or other proceedings involving any of
    the patents or patent applications listed in
    Section 3.01(p)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and
    owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or to the
    Companys Knowledge, licensed to the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries), including ex parte and post-grant proceedings, in
    the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any foreign
    patent office or similar administrative agency, other than as
    have not had or would not reasonably be expected to have a
    Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, there
    are no published patents, patent applications, articles or other
    prior art references that could adversely affect the validity of
    any patent listed in Section 3.01(p)(iv) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule in a material way. Each of the patents and
    patent applications listed in Section 3.01(p)(iv) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule that are owned by the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries properly identifies (and such patents and
    applications licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    to the Companys Knowledge properly identifies) each and
    every inventor of the claims thereof as determined in accordance
    with the laws of the jurisdiction in which such patent is issued
    or such patent application is pending. Each inventor named on
    the patents and patent applications listed in
    Section 3.01(p)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Schedule that
    are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has executed
    (and such inventors named on such patents and applications
    licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the
    Companys Knowledge have executed) an agreement assigning
    his, her or its entire right, title and interest in and to such
    patent or patent application, and the inventions embodied and
    claimed therein, to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.
    Each such inventor has (or to the Companys Knowledge has,
    as applicable) executed an agreement with the Company or a
    Subsidiary of the Company obligating such inventor to assign the
    entire right, title and interest in and to such patent or patent
    application, and inventions embodied and claimed therein, to the
    Company or such Subsidiary, and, to the Knowledge of the
    Company, no such inventor has any contractual or other
    obligation that would preclude any such assignment or otherwise
    conflict with the obligations of such inventor to the Company or
    such Subsidiary under such agreement with the Company or such
    Subsidiary.

(v) Section 3.01(p)(v) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of
    all options, rights, licenses or interests of any kind relating
    to Intellectual Property Rights granted (i) to the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries (other than software licenses for
    generally available software and except pursuant to employee
    proprietary inventions agreements (or similar employee
    agreements), non-disclosure agreements and consulting agreements
    entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the
    ordinary course of business), or (ii) by the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries to any other person.

(vi) The Company and its Subsidiaries have
    used reasonable efforts to maintain their material trade secrets
    in confidence, including entering into licenses and contracts
    that generally require licensees,

A-17

contractors and other third persons with access
    to such trade secrets to keep such trade secrets confidential.

(q) Voting Requirements. The affirmative
    vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
    Company Common Stock at the Stockholders Meeting or any
    adjournment or postponement thereof to adopt this Agreement (the
    Stockholder Approval) is the only vote of the
    holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Company
    necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the transactions
    contemplated hereby.

(r) State Takeover Statutes. The Board of
    Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the terms of
    this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement and the
    consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement,
    and such approval represents all the action necessary to render
    inapplicable to this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, the
    Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    and the Stockholder Agreement, the provisions of
    Section 203 of the DGCL (Section 203) to
    the extent, if any, Section 203 would otherwise be
    applicable to this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, the
    Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    and the Stockholder Agreement. No other state takeover statute
    or similar statute or regulation applies to this Agreement, the
    Stockholder Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement.

(s) Brokers and Other Advisors. No broker,
    investment banker, financial advisor or other person (other than
    Morgan Stanley, Salomon Smith Barney and U.S. Bancorp Piper
    Jaffray), the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the
    Company, is entitled to any brokers, finders,
    financial advisors or other similar fee or commission in
    connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. The
    Company has delivered to Parent complete and accurate copies of
    all agreements under which any such fees or expenses are payable
    and all indemnification and other agreements related to the
    engagement of the persons to whom such fees are payable. The
    fees and expenses of any accountant, broker, financial advisor
    (including Morgan Stanley, Salomon Smith Barney and U.S. Bancorp
    Piper Jaffray), legal counsel (including Dechert) or other
    person retained by the Company in connection with this Agreement
    or the Stockholder Agreement or the transactions contemplated
    hereby or thereby incurred or to be incurred by the Company will
    not exceed the fees and expenses set forth in
    Section 3.01(s) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

(t) Opinion of Financial Advisor. The
    Company has received the opinion of Morgan Stanley, dated the
    date hereof, to the effect that, as of such date, the Merger
    Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
    holders of shares of Company Common Stock, a signed copy of
    which opinion has been delivered to Parent.

(u) Development, Distribution, Marketing,
    Supply and Manufacturing Agreements.
    (i) Section 3.01(u) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
    sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete and accurate list
    of all Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    is a party relating to (x) the research, development,
    training, sale, supply, license, marketing or manufacturing that
    have a remaining obligation of $75,000 or more individually
    (provided that the aggregate obligations with respect to such
    Contracts not so scheduled shall not exceed $200,000) and
    (y) the distribution, in each case, by third parties of any
    product of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any
    product or patent or other Intellectual Property Right licensed
    by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. The Company has
    made available to Parent a complete and accurate copy of each
    such Contract.

(ii) None of the Contracts to which the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party relating to the
    research, development, distribution, training, sale, supply,
    license, marketing or manufacturing by third parties of any
    product of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any
    product, patent or other Intellectual Property Right licensed by
    the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company grant an exclusive
    right to such third party for the research, development,
    distribution, supply, license, marketing or manufacturing of any
    such product, patent or other Intellectual Property Right.

A-18

(v) Rights Agreement. The Company has taken
    all actions necessary to cause the Rights Agreement to be
    amended to (i) render the Rights Agreement inapplicable to
    this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, the Merger and the
    other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
    Stockholder Agreement, (ii) ensure that (x) none of
    Parent, Sub or any other Subsidiary of Parent is an Acquiring
    Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and (y) a
    Distribution Date, a Triggering Event or a Stock Acquisition
    Date (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement) does
    not occur, in the case of clauses (x) and (y), solely by
    reason of the execution of this Agreement or the Stockholder
    Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder
    Agreement and (iii) provide that the Final Expiration Date
    (as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall occur immediately
    prior to the Effective Time.

(w) Regulatory Compliance. (i) As to
    each product subject to the FDCA and the FDA regulations
    promulgated thereunder or similar Legal Provisions in any
    foreign jurisdiction that are manufactured, tested, distributed
    and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each
    such product, a Medical Device or a
    Drug, as the case may be), each such Medical Device
    or Drug is being manufactured, tested, distributed and/or
    marketed in compliance with all applicable requirements under
    the FDCA and similar Legal Provisions, including those relating
    to investigational use, premarket clearance or marketing
    approval to market a Medical Device, and applications or
    abbreviated applications to market a new Drug, good
    manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising, record keeping,
    filing of reports and security, except for failures in
    compliance that individually or in the aggregate have not had
    and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
    received any material notice or other material communication
    from the FDA or any other Governmental Entity
    (A) contesting the premarket clearance or approval of, the
    uses of or the labeling and promotion of any products of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) otherwise
    alleging any violation applicable to any Medical Device or Drug
    by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Legal Provision.

(ii) No Medical Device or Drug has been
    recalled, withdrawn, suspended or discontinued by the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries in the United States or outside the
    United States (whether voluntarily or otherwise). No proceedings
    in the United States or outside of the United States of which
    the Company has Knowledge (whether completed or pending) seeking
    the recall, withdrawal, suspension or seizure of any Medical
    Device or Drug are pending against the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries nor have any such proceedings been pending at any
    prior time.

(iii) As to each biological or drug of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries for which a biological
    license application, new drug application, investigational new
    drug application or similar state or foreign regulatory
    application has been approved, the Company and its Subsidiaries
    are in compliance with 21 U.S.C. Sections 355 or 21 C.F.R.
    Parts 312, 314 or 430 et seq., respectively, and similar Legal
    Provisions and all terms and conditions of such applications,
    except for any such failure or failures to be in compliance
    which individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As to
    each such drug, the Company and any relevant Subsidiary of the
    Company, and the officers, employees or agents of the Company or
    such Subsidiary, have included in the application for such drug,
    where required, the certification described in 21 U.S.C.
    Section 335a(k)(1) or any similar Legal Provision and the
    list described in 21 U.S.C. Section 335a(k)(2) or any
    similar Legal Provision, and each such certification and list
    was true, complete and correct in all material respects when
    made. In addition, the Company and its Subsidiaries are in
    substantial compliance with all applicable registration and
    listing requirements set forth in 21 U.S.C. Section 360 and
    21 C.F.R. Part 207 and all similar Legal Provisions.

(iv) No article of any biological or drug
    manufactured and/or distributed by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is (A) adulterated within the meaning of 21
    U.S.C. Section 351 (or similar Legal Provisions),
    (B) misbranded within the meaning of 21 U.S.C.
    Section 352 (or similar Legal Provisions) or (C) a
    product that is in violation of 21 U.S.C. Section 355 (or
    similar Legal Provisions), except for failures to be in
    compliance with the foregoing that individually or in the
    aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect.

A-19

(v) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any officer,
    employee or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has
    made an untrue statement of a material fact or fraudulent
    statement to the FDA or any other Governmental Entity, failed to
    disclose a material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or
    any other Governmental Entity, or committed an act, made a
    statement, or failed to make a statement that, at the time such
    disclosure was made, would reasonably be expected to provide a
    basis for the FDA or any other Governmental Entity to invoke its
    policy respecting Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material
    Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities, set forth in 56
    Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) or any similar policy.
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, any officer, employee or agent of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has been convicted of any
    crime or engaged in any conduct for which debarment is mandated
    by 21 U.S.C. Section 335a(a) or any similar Legal Provision
    or authorized by 21 U.S.C. Section 335a(b) or any similar
    Legal Provision. Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any officer,
    employee or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has
    been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct for which
    such person or entity could be excluded from participating in
    the federal health care programs under Section 1128 of the
    Social Security Act or any similar Legal Provision.

(vi) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has received any written notice that the FDA or any
    other Governmental Entity has (a) commenced, or threatened
    to initiate, any action to withdraw its approval or request the
    recall of any Medical Device or Drug, (b) commenced, or
    threatened to initiate, any action to enjoin production of any
    Medical Device or Drug or (c) to the Companys
    Knowledge, commenced, or threatened to initiate, any action to
    enjoin the production of any medical device or drug produced at
    any facility where any Medical Device or Drug is manufactured,
    tested or packaged, except for any such action that individually
    or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(vii) To the Knowledge of the Company, there
    are no facts, circumstances or conditions that would reasonably
    be expected to form the basis for any investigation, suit,
    claim, action or proceeding against or affecting the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries relating to or arising under
    (a) the FDCA or the regulations of the FDA promulgated
    thereunder or (b) the Social Security Act or regulations of
    the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health
    and Human Services, except for any such investigation, suit,
    claim, action or proceeding that individually or in the
    aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect.

(x) Insurance. Section 3.01(x) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate
    list of all policies of fire, liability, workers
    compensation, title and other forms of insurance owned, held by
    or applicable to the Company (or its assets or business) as of
    the date hereof, and the Company has heretofore delivered to
    Parent a complete and accurate copy of all such policies,
    including all occurrence-based policies applicable to the
    Company (or its assets or business) for all periods prior to the
    Closing Date. All such policies (or substitute policies with
    substantially similar terms and underwritten by insurance
    carriers with substantially similar or higher ratings) are in
    full force and effect, all premiums with respect thereto
    covering all periods up to and including the Closing Date have
    been paid, and no notice of cancellation or termination has been
    received with respect to any such policy except for such
    policies, premiums, cancellations or terminations that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Such
    policies are sufficient for compliance by the Company with
    (i) all requirements of applicable laws and (ii) all
    Contracts to which the Company is a party, and each of the
    Company and its Subsidiaries has complied in all material
    respects with the provisions of each such policy under which it
    is an insured party. The Company has not been refused any
    insurance with respect to its assets or operations by any
    insurance carrier to which it has applied for any such insurance
    or with which it has carried insurance, during the last five
    (5) years. There are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the
    Company, threatened claims under any insurance policy that
    individually or in the aggregate have had or would reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

A-20

SECTION
3.02.     
Representations and
Warranties of Parent and Sub.
 Except as set forth in the
disclosure schedule (with specific reference to the particular
Section or subsection of this Agreement to which the information
set forth in such disclosure schedule relates; provided,
however, that any information set forth in one section of the
Parent Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to apply to each
other section thereof or hereof to which its relevance is
readily apparent on its face) delivered by Parent and Sub to the
Company prior to the execution of this Agreement (the
Parent Disclosure Schedule), Parent and Sub
represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

(a) Organization, Standing and Corporate
    Power. Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation duly organized,
    validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
    jurisdiction in which it is incorporated and has all requisite
    corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now
    being conducted. Each of Parent and Sub is duly qualified or
    licensed to do business and is in good standing in each material
    jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
    ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
    qualification or licensing necessary.

(b) Authority; Noncontravention. Each of
    Parent and Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority
    to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and
    delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly
    authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
    Parent and Sub and no other corporate proceedings on the part of
    Parent or Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
    consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
    and the transactions contemplated hereby do not require approval
    of the holders of any shares of capital stock of Parent. This
    Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Parent
    and Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
    delivery by the Company, constitutes a legal, valid and binding
    obligation of Parent and Sub, as applicable, enforceable against
    Parent and Sub, as applicable, in accordance with its terms,
    subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or
    similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the
    availability of equitable remedies. The execution and delivery
    of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the Merger and
    the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
    compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will not,
    conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, or
    default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
    under, or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination,
    cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of
    a benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or
    upon any of the properties or other assets of Parent or Sub
    under (x) the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or
    By-laws of Parent or the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws
    of Sub, (y) any Contract to which Parent or Sub is a party
    or any of their respective properties or other assets is
    subject, in any way that would prevent, materially impede or
    materially delay the consummation by Parent of the Merger
    (including the payments required to be made pursuant to
    Article II) or the other transactions contemplated hereby
    or (z) subject to the governmental filings and other
    matters referred to in the following sentence, any
    (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable
    to Parent or Sub or their respective properties or other assets
    or (B) order, writ, injunction, decree, judgment or
    stipulation, in each case applicable to Parent or Sub or their
    respective properties or other assets, and in each case, in any
    way that would prevent, materially impede or materially delay
    the consummation by Parent of the Merger (including the payments
    required to be made pursuant to Article II) or the other
    transactions contemplated hereby. No material consent, approval,
    order or authorization of, action by or in respect of, or
    registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental
    Entity is required by or with respect to Parent or Sub in
    connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by
    Parent and Sub or the consummation by Parent and Sub of the
    Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
    except for (1) the filing of a premerger notification and
    report form by Parent under the HSR Act and the receipt,
    termination or expiration, as applicable, of approvals or
    waiting periods required under the HSR Act or any other
    applicable competition, merger control, antitrust or similar law
    or regulation and (2) the filing of the Certificate of
    Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

(c) Information Supplied. None of the
    information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of Parent
    or Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference
    in the Proxy Statement will, at the

A-21

date it is first mailed to the stockholders of
    the Company and at the time of the Stockholders Meeting,
    contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
    any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
    order to make the statements therein, in light of the
    circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

(d) Interim Operations of Sub. Sub was
    formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
    contemplated hereby, has engaged in no other business activities
    and has conducted its operations only as contemplated hereby.

(e) Capital Resources. Parent has sufficient
    cash to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration.

(f) Ownership of Company Stock. As of the
    date hereof, Parent, Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries
    do not beneficially own (as such term is defined for
    purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) any shares
    of capital stock of the Company, except as they may be deemed to
    beneficially own such shares solely by virtue of this Agreement
    or the Stockholder Agreement, and except for any such shares
    that may be owned by any employee benefit or other plan
    administered by or on behalf of Parent or any of its
    Subsidiaries, to the extent the determination to acquire such
    shares was not directed by Parent or Sub.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

SECTION 4.01.     
Conduct
of Business.
 (a) Conduct of Business by the Company.
During the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, except as consented to in writing in advance by
Parent or as otherwise permitted pursuant to this
Section 4.01(a)(i) through (xvii), the Company shall, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, carry on its business
in the ordinary course consistent with past practice (including
in respect of research and development activities and programs)
and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations
and treaties and, to the extent consistent therewith, use all
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its current
business organizations, keep available the services of its
current officers, employees and consultants and preserve its
relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees,
distributors and others having business dealings with it with
the intention that its goodwill and ongoing business shall be
unimpaired at the Effective Time. In addition to and without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the period from
the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, except as
otherwise set forth in Section 4.01(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the Company shall not, and shall not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, without Parents prior written
consent:

(i)(x) declare, set aside or pay any
    dividends on, or make any other distributions (whether in cash,
    stock or property) in respect of, any of its capital stock,
    other than dividends or distributions by a direct or indirect
    wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company to its shareholders,
    (y) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock
    or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in
    respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
    capital stock or (z) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
    any shares of its capital stock or any other securities thereof
    or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or
    other securities, except for purchases, redemptions or other
    acquisitions of capital stock or other securities required under
    the terms of any plans, arrangements or agreements existing on
    the date hereof between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    and any director or employee of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries (complete and accurate copies of which have been
    heretofore delivered to Parent);

(ii) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or
    otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien any shares of its
    capital stock, any other voting securities or any securities
    convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire,
    any such shares, voting securities or convertible securities, or
    any phantom stock, phantom stock rights,
    stock appreciation rights or stock based performance units,
    including pursuant to Contracts as in effect on the date hereof
    (other than the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock upon
    the exercise of Company Stock Options or Warrants, in each case
    outstanding on the date hereof in accordance with their terms on
    the date hereof), other than the issuance of Rights and capital
    stock pursuant to the terms of the Rights Agreement;

A-22

(iii) amend the Company Certificate or the
    Company By-laws or other comparable charter or organizational
    documents of any of the Companys Subsidiaries, except as
    may be required by law or the rules and regulations of the SEC
    or The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.;

(iv) directly or indirectly acquire
    (x) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing
    assets of, or by any other manner, any person or division,
    business or equity interest of any person or (y) any asset
    or assets that, individually, has a purchase price in excess of
    $50,000 or, in the aggregate, have a purchase price in excess of
    $200,000, except for new capital expenditures, which shall be
    subject to the limitations of clause (vii) below, and,
    except for purchases of components, raw materials or supplies in
    the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
    and Parent agrees to respond in writing as promptly as
    practicable under the circumstances to any request by the
    Company for a consent with respect to this clause (iv);

(v) (x) sell, lease, license, mortgage,
    sell and leaseback or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien
    or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or other assets or
    any interests therein (including securitizations), except for
    sales of inventory and used equipment in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice; or (y) enter into,
    modify or amend any lease of property, except for modifications
    or amendments that are not materially adverse to the Company and
    its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(vi) (x) incur any indebtedness for
    borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another
    person, issue or sell any debt securities or calls, options,
    warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt
    securities of another person, enter into any keep
    well or other agreement to maintain any financial
    statement condition of another person or enter into any
    arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing
    or (y) make any loans, advances or capital contributions
    to, or investments in, any other person, other than to employees
    in respect of travel expenses in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice;

(vii) make any new capital expenditure or
    expenditures which, individually, is in excess of $50,000 or,
    (x) during the period beginning on October 1, 2002 and
    ending on December 31, 2002, in the aggregate, are in
    excess of $300,000, or (y) during the period beginning on
    January 1, 2003, in the aggregate, are in excess of
    $100,000 during any calendar month, and Parent agrees to respond
    in writing as promptly as practicable under the circumstances to
    any request by the Company for a consent with respect to this
    clause (vii);

(viii) except as required by law or any
    judgment (v) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims,
    liabilities, obligations or litigation (absolute, accrued,
    asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the
    payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction in the ordinary
    course of business consistent with past practice or in
    accordance with their terms, of liabilities disclosed, reflected
    or reserved against in the most recent audited financial
    statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the
    Filed Company SEC Documents (for amounts not in excess of such
    reserves) or incurred since the date of such financial
    statements in the ordinary course of business consistent with
    past practice, (w) cancel any indebtedness, (x) waive
    or assign any claims or rights of substantial value or
    (y) waive any benefits of, or agree to modify in any
    respect, or, subject to the terms hereof, fail to enforce, or
    consent to any matter with respect to which consent is required
    under, any standstill or similar agreement to which the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or (z) waive any
    material benefits of, or agree to modify in any material
    respect, or, subject to the terms hereof, fail to enforce in any
    material respect, or consent to any matter with respect to which
    consent is required under, any material confidentiality or
    similar agreement to which the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party;

(ix) enter into any Contracts (other than
    confidentiality agreements containing customary terms which do
    not impose any obligations on the Company or its Subsidiaries
    other than those relating to the treatment of confidential
    information) relating to the research, development,
    distribution, training, sale, supply, license, marketing,
    co-promotion or manufacturing by third parties of products of
    the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or products
    licensed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company which,
    individually, has aggregate future payment or other obligations
    with a value in excess of $10,000

A-23

or, in the aggregate, have future payment or
    other obligations with a value in excess of $50,000, and Parent
    agrees to respond in writing as promptly as practicable under
    the circumstances to any request by the Company for a consent
    with respect to this clause (ix);

(x) enter into, modify, amend or terminate
    any Contract or waive, release or assign any material rights or
    claims thereunder, which if so entered into, modified, amended,
    terminated, waived, released or assigned would reasonably be
    expected to (A) adversely affect in any material respect
    the Company, (B) impair in any material respect the ability
    of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement
    or (C) prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(xi) enter into any Contract to the extent
    consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    or compliance by the Company with the provisions of this
    Agreement would reasonably be expected to conflict with, or
    result in a violation or breach of, or default (with or without
    notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
    of, or result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of
    any obligation or to the loss of a benefit under, or result in
    the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the properties or
    other assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, or
    give rise to any increased, additional, accelerated, or
    guaranteed right or entitlements of any third party under, or
    result in any material alteration of, any provision of such
    Contract;

(xii) enter into any Contract containing any
    restriction on the ability of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries to assign its rights, interests or obligations
    thereunder, unless such restriction expressly excludes any
    assignment to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection
    with or following the consummation of the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(xiii) sell, transfer or license to any
    person or otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to the
    Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries;

(xiv)     except as
    otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or as required to
    ensure that any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
    Agreement is not then out of compliance with applicable law or
    to comply with any Contract or Company Benefit Agreement entered
    into prior to the date hereof (complete and accurate copies of
    which have been heretofore delivered to Parent), (A) adopt,
    enter into, terminate or amend (I) any collective
    bargaining agreement or Company Benefit Plan or (II) any
    Company Benefit Agreement or other agreement, plan or policy
    involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and one or more
    of their respective current or former directors, officers,
    employees or consultants, (B) increase in any manner the
    compensation, bonus or fringe or other benefits of, or pay any
    bonus of any kind or amount whatsoever to, any current or former
    director, officer, employee or consultant, except increases in
    cash compensation (including cash bonuses) to directors,
    officers and employees in the ordinary course of business;
    provided, however, that such increases in cash compensation and
    that such amounts of cash bonuses shall not, in the aggregate,
    exceed the amounts set forth in Section 4.01(a)(xiv) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule, (C) pay any benefit or amount
    not required under any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
    Agreement or any other benefit plan or arrangement of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries as in effect on the date of
    this Agreement, other than as contemplated in clause (B),
    (D) grant or pay any severance or termination pay or
    increase in any manner the severance or termination pay of any
    current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (E) grant any
    awards under any bonus, incentive, performance or other
    compensation plan or arrangement, Company Benefit Agreement or
    Company Benefit Plan (including the grant of Company Stock
    Options, phantom stock, stock appreciation rights,
    phantom stock rights, stock based or stock related
    awards, performance units or restricted stock or the removal of
    existing restrictions in any Company Benefit Agreements, Company
    Benefit Plans or agreements or awards made thereunder), other
    than as contemplated in clause (B), (F) amend or
    modify any Stock Option or Warrant, (G) take any action to
    fund or in any other way secure the payment of compensation or
    benefits under any employee plan, agreement, contract or
    arrangement or Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
    Agreement, (H) take any action to accelerate the vesting or
    payment of any compensation or benefit under any Company Benefit
    Plan or Company Benefit Agreement or

A-24

(I) materially change any actuarial or other
    assumption used to calculate funding obligations with respect to
    any Company Pension Plan or change the manner in which
    contributions to any Company Pension Plan are made or the basis
    on which such contributions are determined;

(xv) except as required by GAAP, revalue any
    material assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
    make any change in accounting methods, principles or practices;

(xvi) sell, convey, transfer, assign,
    license or otherwise convey (in whole or in part) any property
    (including cash), Contract or liability to Microsphere
    Technology Holding LLC; or

(xvii) authorize any of, or commit, resolve,
    propose or agree to take any of, the foregoing actions.

(b) Other Actions. The Company, Parent and
Sub shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective
Subsidiaries to, take any action that would, or that would
reasonably be expected to, result in any of the conditions to
the Merger set forth in Article VI not being satisfied.

(c) Advice of Changes; Filings. The Company
and Parent shall promptly advise the other party orally and in
writing of (i) any representation or warranty made by it
(and, in the case of Parent, made by Sub) contained in this
Agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue or
inaccurate in any respect or any such representation or warranty
that is not so qualified becoming untrue or inaccurate in any
material respect or (ii) the failure of it (and, in the
case of Parent, of Sub) to comply with or satisfy in any
material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement; provided,
however, that no such notification shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to
the obligations of the parties under this Agreement. The Company
and Parent shall, to the extent permitted by law, promptly
provide the other copies of all filings made by such party with
any Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, other than the portions of
such filings that include confidential information not directly
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) Certain Tax Matters. During the period
from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the
Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to,
(i) timely file all tax returns (Post-Signing
Returns) required to be filed by or on behalf of each such
entity; (ii) timely pay all taxes due and payable in
respect of such Post-Signing Returns that are so filed;
(iii) accrue a reserve in the books and records and
financial statements of any such entity in accordance with past
practice for all taxes payable by such entity for which no
Post-Signing Return is due prior to the Effective Time; (iv)
promptly notify Parent of any suit, claim, action,
investigation, proceeding or audit (collectively,
Actions) pending against or with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any material
amount of tax and not settle or compromise any such Action
without Parents consent; (v) not make any material
tax election (including any election which would cause
Microsphere Technology LLC to be treated as an entity other than
a disregarded entity for Federal tax purposes) or settle or
compromise any material tax liability, other than with
Parents consent or other than in the ordinary course of
business; and (vi) cause all existing tax sharing
agreements, tax indemnity obligations and similar agreements,
arrangements or practices with respect to taxes to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be a party or by
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may otherwise
be bound to be terminated as of the Closing Date so that after
such date neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
have any further rights or liabilities thereunder. Any tax
returns described in this Section 4.01(d) shall be complete
and correct in all material respects and shall be prepared on a
basis consistent with the past practice of the Company and in a
manner that does not distort taxable income (e.g. by deferring
income or accelerating deductions).

SECTION 4.02.     
No
Solicitation.
 (a) The Company shall not, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective directors, officers or employees or any investment
banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other
advisor, agent or representative (collectively,
Representatives) retained by it or any of its
Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly through another person,
(i) solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or take any
other action designed to, or which could reasonably be expected
to, facilitate, any Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter into,
continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any
information, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any

A-25

Takeover Proposal. Without limiting the
foregoing, it is agreed that any violation of the restrictions
set forth in the preceding sentence by any Representative of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or not such person
is purporting to act on behalf of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or otherwise, shall be a breach of this
Section 4.02(a) by the Company. The Company shall, and
shall cause its Subsidiaries to, immediately cease and cause to
be terminated all existing discussions or negotiations with any
person conducted heretofore with respect to any Takeover
Proposal or which were otherwise permitted during the term of
the Exclusivity Agreement dated as of August 9, 2002 (the
Exclusivity Agreement) and request the prompt return
or destruction of all confidential information previously
furnished. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to
obtaining the Stockholder Approval, in response to a bona fide
written Takeover Proposal that the Board of Directors of the
Company determines in good faith (after consultation with
outside counsel and a financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation) constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a
Superior Proposal, and which Takeover Proposal was not solicited
after the date hereof and was made after the date hereof and did
not otherwise result from a breach of this Section 4.02(a)
or a breach of the Exclusivity Agreement, the Company may, if
its Board of Directors determines in good faith (after
consultation with outside counsel) that it is required to do so
in order to comply with its fiduciary duties to the stockholders
of the Company under applicable law, and subject to compliance
with Section 4.02(c), (x) furnish information with
respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries to the person making
such Takeover Proposal (and its Representatives) pursuant to a
customary confidentiality agreement (which need not restrict
such person from making an unsolicited Takeover Proposal) not
less restrictive of such person than the Confidentiality
Agreement, provided that all such information has previously
been provided to Parent or is provided to Parent prior to or
substantially concurrent with the time it is provided to such
person, and (y) participate in discussions or negotiations with
the person making such Takeover Proposal (and its
Representatives) regarding such Takeover Proposal.

The term Takeover Proposal means any
inquiry, proposal or offer from any person relating to, or that
would reasonably be expected to lead to, any direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase, in one transaction or a series of
transactions, of assets or businesses that constitute 15% or
more of the revenues, net income or the assets of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 15% or more of any
class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that if
consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 15%
or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint
venture, binding share exchange or similar transaction involving
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which any
person or the shareholders of any person would own 15% or more
of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or of any resulting parent company of the Company,
other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the Stockholder Agreement.

The term Superior Proposal means any
bona fide offer made by a third party that if consummated would
result in such person (or its shareholders) owning, directly or
indirectly, all or substantially all of the shares of Company
Common Stock then outstanding (or of the surviving entity in a
merger or the direct or indirect parent of the surviving entity
in a merger) or all or substantially all the assets of the
Company, which the Board of Directors of the Company determines
in good faith (after consultation with a financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation) to be (i) more favorable
to the stockholders of the Company from a financial point of
view than the Merger (taking into account all the terms and
conditions of such proposal and this Agreement (including any
changes to the financial terms of this Agreement proposed by
Parent in response to such offer or otherwise)) and
(ii) reasonably capable of being completed, taking into
account all financial, legal, regulatory and other aspects of
such proposal.

(b) Neither the Board of Directors of the
Company nor any committee thereof shall
(i) (A) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to
Parent), or publicly propose to withdraw (or modify in a manner
adverse to Parent), the approval, recommendation or declaration
of advisability by such Board of Directors or any such committee
thereof of this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or (B) recommend, adopt or
approve, or propose publicly to recommend, adopt or approve, any
Takeover Proposal (any action described in this clause
(i) being referred to as a Company Adverse
Recommendation Change) or (ii) approve or recommend,
or propose to approve or recommend, or allow the Company or any

A-26

of its Subsidiaries to execute or enter into, any
letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in
principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option
agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or
other similar agreement constituting or related to, or that is
intended to or would reasonably be expected to lead to, any
Takeover Proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement
referred to in Section 4.02(a)) (an Acquisition
Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time
prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, the Board of
Directors of the Company may (i) make a Company Adverse
Recommendation Change if such Board of Directors determines in
good faith (after consultation with outside counsel) that it is
required to do so in order to comply with its fiduciary duties
to the stockholders of the Company under applicable law or
(ii) cause the Company to enter into a Contingent
Acquisition Agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal that
was unsolicited and made after the date hereof and that did not
otherwise result from a breach of this Section 4.02;
provided, however, that no Company Adverse Recommendation Change
may be made, or Contingent Acquisition Agreement entered into,
until after the fourth business day following Parents
receipt of written notice (a Notice of Adverse
Recommendation) from the Company advising Parent that the
Board of Directors of the Company intends to take such action
and specifying the reasons therefor, including the terms and
conditions of the Superior Proposal that is the basis of the
proposed action by the Board of Directors (it being understood
and agreed that any amendment to the financial terms or any
other material term of such Superior Proposal shall require a
new Notice of Adverse Recommendation and a new four business day
period). In determining whether to make a Company Adverse
Recommendation Change or enter into a Contingent Acquisition
Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company shall take into
account any changes to the financial terms of this Agreement
proposed by Parent in response to a Notice of Adverse
Recommendation or otherwise. A Contingent Acquisition
Agreement is any Acquisition Agreement with respect to a
Superior Proposal that expressly provides that (i) such
Acquisition Agreement shall not become effective unless and
until the termination of this Agreement prior to the
consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement, in which case it
may become automatically effective without further action by the
parties thereto and (ii) no action by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries may take place with respect to the transactions
contemplated by such Acquisition Agreement prior to the
termination of this Agreement. If the Company enters into a
Contingent Acquisition Agreement in accordance with the terms
herein, then the existence of such Contingent Acquisition
Agreement shall not be deemed a breach of or default under this
Agreement. Immediately following the execution of a Contingent
Acquisition Agreement, the Company shall deliver to Parent a
complete and accurate copy of such agreement and all related
agreements, documents, exhibits and sche dules.

(c) In addition to the obligations of the
Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
Section 4.02, the Company shall promptly advise Parent
orally and in writing of any Takeover Proposal, the material
terms and conditions of any such Takeover Proposal or inquiry
(including any changes thereto) and the identity of the person
making any such Takeover Proposal or inquiry. The Company shall
(i) keep Parent fully informed of the status and details
(including any change to the terms thereof) of any such Takeover
Proposal or inquiry and (ii) provide to Parent as soon as
practicable after receipt or delivery thereof with copies of all
correspondence and other written material sent or provided to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from any person that
describes any of the terms or conditions of any Takeover
Proposal.

(d) Nothing contained in this
Section 4.02 shall prohibit the Company from
(x) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act or (y) making any disclosure to the
stockholders of the Company if, in the good faith judgment of
the Board of Directors of the Company (after consultation with
outside counsel) failure to so disclose would be inconsistent
with its obligations under applicable law, including the Board
of Directors duty of candor to the stockholders of the
Company; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company
or its Board of Directors or any committee thereof take, or
agree or resolve to take, any action prohibited by
Section 4.02(b).

A-27

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

SECTION 5.01.     
Preparation
of the Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting.

(a) As promptly as practicable following the date of this
Agreement, the Company and Parent shall prepare and the Company
shall file with the SEC the Proxy Statement and the Company
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to respond as
promptly as practicable to any comments of the SEC with respect
thereto and to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
stockholders of the Company as promptly as practicable following
the date of this Agreement. The Company shall promptly notify
Parent upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC or the
staff of the SEC or any request from the SEC or the staff of the
SEC for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement and
shall provide Parent with copies of all correspondence between
the Company and its Representatives, on the one hand, and the
SEC and the staff of the SEC, on the other hand. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, prior to filing or mailing the Proxy Statement
(or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any
comments of the SEC or the staff of the SEC with respect
thereto, the Company (i) shall provide Parent an
opportunity to review and comment on such document or response
and (ii) shall include in such document or response all
comments reasonably proposed by Parent.

(b) The Company shall, as soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, establish a
record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
meeting of its stockholders (the Stockholders
Meeting) solely for the purpose of obtaining the
Stockholder Approval. Subject to Section 4.02(b), the
Company shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend to its
stockholders adoption of this Agreement and shall include such
recommendation in the Proxy Statement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Companys obligations
pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.01(b)
shall not be affected by (i) the commencement, public
proposal, public disclosure or communication to the Company of
any Takeover Proposal or (ii) the withdrawal or
modification by the Board of Directors of the Company or any
committee thereof of such Board of Directors or such
committees approval or recommendation of this Agreement,
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; provided, however, that no breach of this
Section 5.01(b) shall be deemed to have occurred if the
Company adjourns or postpones the Stockholders Meeting for
a reasonable period of time, each such period of time not to
exceed ten business days, provided that (i) at the time of
such adjournment or postponement the Board of Directors shall be
prohibited by the terms of this Agreement from making a Company
Adverse Recommendation Change, and the Stockholders
Meeting is then scheduled to occur within four business days of
the time of such adjournment or postponement or (ii) at the
time the Board of Directors announces a Company Adverse
Recommendation Change, the Stockholders Meeting is then
scheduled to occur no later than ten business days from the date
of such Company Adverse Recommendation Change; provided that the
Company may not adjourn or postpone the Stockholders
Meeting pursuant to this clause (ii) more than two times or
for more than fifteen business days in the aggregate.

SECTION 5.02.     
Access
to Information; Confidentiality.
 The Company shall afford to
Parent, and to Parents officers, employees, accountants,
counsel, financial advisors and other Representatives,
reasonable access (including for the purpose of coordinating
integration activities and transition planning with the
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries) during normal
business hours and upon reasonable prior notice to the Company
during the period prior to the Effective Time or the termination
of this Agreement to all its and its Subsidiaries
properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records
and, during such period, the Company shall furnish promptly to
Parent (a) a copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement and other document filed by it during such period
pursuant to the requirements of Federal or state securities laws
and (b) all other information concerning its and its
Subsidiaries business, properties and personnel as Parent
may reasonably request; provided that such access shall not
materially interfere with normal business activities. Except for
disclosures expressly permitted by the terms of the Amended and
Restated Confidentiality Agreement dated as of August 2,
2002, between Parent and the Company (as it may be amended from
time to time, the Confidentiality Agreement), Parent
shall hold, and shall cause its officers, employees,
accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other
Representatives to hold, all information received from the
Company, directly or indirectly, in confidence in accordance
with the Confidentiality Agreement. No investigation pursuant to
this Section 5.02 or information provided or received by
any party

A-28

hereto pursuant to this Agreement will affect any
of the representations or warranties of the parties hereto
contained in this Agreement or the conditions hereunder to the
obligations of the parties hereto.

SECTION 5.03.     
Commercially
Reasonable Efforts.
 Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties
agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done,
and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all
things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Stockholder Agreement, including using commercially
reasonable efforts to accomplish the following: (i) the
taking of all acts necessary to cause the conditions to Closing
to be satisfied as promptly as practicable, (ii) the
obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers,
consents and approvals from Governmental Entities and the making
of all necessary registrations and filings (including filings
with Governmental Entities) and the taking of all steps as may
be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid
an action or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity and
(iii) the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or
waivers from third parties; provided that none of the Company,
Parent or Sub shall be required to make any payment to any such
third parties or concede anything of value to obtain such
consents. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing,
the Company and Parent shall duly file with the
U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of
the Department of Justice the notification and report form (the
HSR Filing) required under the HSR Act with respect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as promptly
as practicable. The HSR Filing shall be in substantial
compliance with the requirements of the HSR Act. Each party
shall cooperate with the other party to the extent necessary to
assist the other party in the preparation of its HSR Filing, to
request early termination of the waiting period required by the
HSR Act and, if requested, to promptly amend or furnish
additional information thereunder. The Company and its Board of
Directors shall (1) take all action necessary to ensure
that no state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation
is or becomes applicable to this Agreement, the Stockholder
Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement and
(2) if any state takeover statute or similar statute
becomes applicable to this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement,
the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement, take all action
necessary to ensure that the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement may
be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement and
otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation
on this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed
to require Parent to agree to, or proffer to, divest or hold
separate any assets or any portion of any business of Parent,
the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

SECTION 5.04.     
Company
Stock Options; Warrants.
 (a) As soon as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of
the Company (or, if appropriate, any committee thereof
administering the Company Stock Plans) shall adopt such
resolutions or take such other actions as may be required to
effect the following:

(i) adjust the terms of all outstanding
    Company Stock Options, whether vested or unvested, as necessary
    to provide that, at the Effective Time, each Company Stock
    Option outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
    be canceled and the holder thereof shall then become entitled to
    receive, as soon as practicable following the Effective Time, a
    single lump sum cash payment equal to the product of
    (1) the number of shares of Company Common Stock for which
    such Company Stock Option shall not theretofore have been
    exercised and (2) the excess, if any, of the Merger
    Consideration over the exercise price per share of such Company
    Stock Option; and

(ii) make such other changes to the Company
    Stock Plans as the Company and Parent may agree are appropriate
    to give effect to the Merger.

(b) As soon as practicable following the
date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company
shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions (if any)
as may be required to provide that each Warrant outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled in
exchange for a lump sum

A-29

cash payment equal to (i) the product of
(A) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to
such Warrant and (B) the Merger Consideration, minus
(ii) the product of (A) the number of shares of
Company Common Stock subject to such Warrant and (B) the
per share exercise price of such Warrant (provided that if such
calculation results in a negative number, the lump sum cash
payment shall be deemed to be $0). Such payment shall be made
promptly following the Effective Time. All amounts payable
pursuant to this Section 5.04(b) shall be subject to any
required withholding of taxes and shall be paid without
interest. The Company has obtained all consents of the holders
of the Warrants necessary to effectuate the foregoing.

(c) All amounts payable to holders of the
Company Stock Options pursuant to Section 5.04(a) shall be
subject to any required withholding of Taxes and shall be paid
without interest as soon as practicable following the Effective
Time.

(d) The Company shall ensure that following
the Effective Time, no holder of a Company Stock Option (or
former holder of a Company Stock Option) or any participant in
any Company Stock Plan, Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
Agreement shall have any right thereunder to acquire any capital
stock of the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any other
equity interest therein (including phantom stock or
stock appreciation rights).

SECTION
5.05.     
Indemnification,
Exculpation and Insurance.
 (a) Parent shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to assume the obligations with respect to
all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities
for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective
Time now existing in favor of the current or former directors or
officers of the Company as provided in the Company Certificate,
the Company By-laws or any indemnification agreement between
such directors or officers and the Company (in each case, as in
effect on the date hereof), without further action, as of the
Effective Time and such obligations shall survive the Merger and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their
terms.

(b) In the event that the Surviving
Corporation or any of its successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and
is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or
substantially all of its properties and other assets to any
person, then, and in each such case, Parent shall cause proper
provision to be made so that the successors and assigns of the
Surviving Corporation shall expressly assume the obligations set
forth in this Section 5.05.

(c) For six years after the Effective Time,
Parent shall maintain (directly or indirectly through the
Companys existing insurance programs) in effect the
Companys current directors and officers
liability insurance in respect of acts or omissions occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time, covering each person currently
covered by the Companys directors and officers
liability insurance policy (a complete and accurate copy of
which has been heretofore delivered to Parent), on terms with
respect to such coverage and amount no less favorable than those
of such policy in effect on the date hereof; provided, however,
that Parent may (i) substitute therefor policies of Parent
containing terms with respect to coverage and amount no less
favorable to such directors and officers or (ii) request
that the Company obtain such extended reporting period coverage
under its existing insurance programs (to be effective as of the
Effective Date); provided further, however, that in satisfying
its obligation under this Section 5.05(c), neither the
Company nor Parent shall be obligated to pay aggregate annual
premiums in excess of 200% of the amount paid by the Company in
its last full fiscal year (which premiums are hereby represented
and warranted by the Company to be $301,000), it being
understood and agreed that Parent shall nevertheless be
obligated to provide such coverage as may be obtained for such
200% amount.

(d) The provisions of this Section 5.05
(i) are intended to be for the benefit of, and will be
enforceable by, each indemnified party, his or her heirs and his
or her representatives and (ii) are in addition to, and not
in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or
contribution that any such person may have by contract or
otherwise.

SECTION
5.06.     
Fees and Expenses.

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this
Section 5.06, all fees and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party
incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is
consummated.

A-30

(b) In the event that (i) this
Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to
Section 7.01(e) or (ii) (A) prior to the obtaining of
the Stockholder Approval, a Takeover Proposal shall have been
made to the Company or shall have been made directly to the
stockholders of the Company generally or shall have otherwise
become publicly known or any person shall have publicly
announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make a
Takeover Proposal, (B) thereafter this Agreement is
terminated by either Parent or the Company pursuant to
Section 7.01(b)(i) (but only if a vote to obtain the
Stockholder Approval or the Stockholders Meeting has not
been held) or Section 7.01(b)(iii) and (C) within
12 months after such termination, the Company enters into a
definitive agreement to consummate, or consummates, the
transactions contemplated by any Takeover Proposal, then the
Company shall pay Parent a fee equal to $4.4 million (the
Termination Fee) by wire transfer of same-day funds
on the first business day following (x) in the case of a
payment required by clause (i) above, the date of
termination of this Agreement and (y) in the case of a
payment required by clause (ii) above, the date of the
first to occur of the events referred to in clause (ii)(C).

(c) The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the agreements contained in Section 5.06(b) are an integral
part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
that, without these agreements, Parent would not enter into this
Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails promptly to pay the
amount due pursuant to Section 5.06(b), and, in order to
obtain such payment, Parent commences a suit that results in a
judgment against the Company for the Termination Fee, the
Company shall pay to Parent its costs and expenses (including
attorneys fees and expenses) in connection with such suit,
together with interest on the amount of the Termination Fee from
the date such payment was required to be made until the date of
payment at the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in effect on the
date such payment was required to be made.

SECTION
5.07.     
Public Announcements.

Except with respect to any Company Adverse Recommendation
Change, Parent and the Company shall consult with each other
before issuing, and give each other the opportunity to review
and comment upon, any press release or other public statements
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including the Merger, and shall not issue any such press release
or make any such public statement prior to such consultation,
except as such party may reasonably conclude may be required by
applicable law, court process or by obligations pursuant to any
listing agreement with any national securities exchange or
national securities quotation system. The parties agree that the
initial press release to be issued with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form
heretofore agreed to by the parties.

SECTION
5.08.     
Stockholder
Litigation.
 The Company shall give Parent the opportunity to
participate in the defense or settlement of any stockholder
litigation against the Company and/or its directors relating to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Stockholder Agreement, and no such settlement shall be agreed to
without Parents prior written consent.

SECTION
5.09.     
Rights Agreement.
 The
Board of Directors of the Company shall take all further action
(in addition to that referred to in Section 3.01(v))
reasonably requested by Parent in order to render the Rights
issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement to purchase
Series E Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the
Company inapplicable to the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement.
Except as provided above with respect to the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company
shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent,
(a) amend the Rights Agreement or (b) take any action
with respect to, or make any determination under, the Rights
Agreement, including a redemption of the Rights or any action to
facilitate a Takeover Proposal.

SECTION
5.10.     
Employee Matters.

(a) Subject to applicable collective bargaining agreements,
for a period of not less than twelve months following the
Effective Time, the employees of the Company who remain in the
employment of the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries
(the Continuing Employees) shall receive employee
benefits that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to
the employee benefits provided to the employees of the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided that neither
Parent nor the Surviving Corporation nor any of their
Subsidiaries shall have any obligation to issue, or adopt any
plans or arrangements providing for the issuance of shares of
capital stock, warrants, options, stock appreciation rights or
other rights in respect of any shares of capital stock of any
entity or any securities

A-31

convertible or exchangeable into such shares
pursuant to any such plans or arrangements; provided, further,
that no plans or arrangements of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries providing for such issuance shall be taken into
account in determining whether employee benefits are
substantially comparable in the aggregate.

(b) Nothing contained herein shall be
construed as requiring Parent or the Surviving Corporation to
continue any specific plans or to continue the employment of any
specific person.

(c) Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to recognize the service of each Continuing Employee
as if such service had been performed with Parent (i) for
purposes of vesting (but not benefit accrual) under
Parents defined benefit pension plan, (ii) for
purposes of eligibility for vacation under Parents
vacation program, (iii) for purposes of eligibility and
participation under any health or welfare plan maintained by
Parent (other than any post-employment health or post-employment
welfare plan) and (iv) unless covered under another
arrangement with or of the Company, for benefit accrual purposes
under Parents severance plan (in the case of each of
clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), solely to the extent
that Parent makes such plan or program available to employees of
the Surviving Corporation), but not for purposes of any other
employee benefit plan of Parent.

(d) Subject to applicable collective
bargaining agreements, with respect to any welfare plan
maintained by Parent in which Continuing Employees are eligible
to participate after the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) waive all
limitations as to preexisting conditions and exclusions with
respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to
such employees to the extent such conditions and exclusions were
satisfied or did not apply to such employees under the welfare
plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective
Time and (ii) provide each Continuing Employee with credit
for any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the Effective
Time in satisfying any analogous deductible or out-of-pocket
requirements to the extent applicable under any such plan.

SECTION
5.11.     
Stockholder Agreement
Legend.
 The Company will inscribe upon any Certificate
representing Subject Shares tendered by a Stockholder (as such
terms are defined in the Stockholder Agreement) for such purpose
the following legend: THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PAR
VALUE $.001 PER SHARE, OF ORAPHARMA, INC. REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT DATED AS OF
NOVEMBER 12, 2002, AND ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS THEREOF. COPIES
OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICES OF ORAPHARMA, INC..

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION
6.01.     
Conditions to Each
Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger.
 The respective
obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) Stockholder Approval. The Stockholder
    Approval shall have been obtained.

(b) HSR Act. The waiting period (and any
    extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act
    shall have been terminated or shall have expired.

(c) No Injunctions or Restraints. No
    temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction
    or other judgment or order issued by any court of competent
    jurisdiction or other statute, law, rule, legal restraint or
    prohibition (collectively, Restraints) shall be in
    effect (i) preventing the consummation of the Merger or
    (ii) which otherwise has had or would reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

A-32

SECTION
6.02.     
Conditions to Obligations
of Parent and Sub.
 The obligations of Parent and Sub to
effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or (to
the extent permitted by law) waiver on or prior to the Closing
Date of the following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties.
    (i) The representations and warranties of the Company
    contained in Sections 3.01(b) (but only with respect to the
    second and third sentences thereof), 3.01(c), 3.01(d)(but only
    with respect to the first four sentences thereof), 3.01(g)(i)
    through (iv), 3.01(i) (but only with respect to the last
    sentence thereof), 3.01(l)(viii), 3.01(p) (but only with respect
    to clauses (i) and (iv) thereof), 3.01(r), 3.01(s),
    3.01(u)(ii) and 3.01(w)(i) and (ii) (but in the case of
    clause (i), only with respect to the last sentence thereof) to
    the extent that they are qualified as to materiality shall be
    true and correct, and such representations and warranties of the
    Company to the extent that they are not so qualified shall be
    true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of
    the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though
    made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such
    representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
    date, in which case as of such earlier date and (ii) all
    other representations and warranties of the Company contained in
    this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of this
    Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on the
    Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and
    warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as
    of such earlier date, and except further, in the case of this
    clause (ii), to the extent that such representations and
    warranties are not so true and correct as of such dates (without
    giving effect to any qualifications or limitations as to
    materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth therein),
    individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Parent
    shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the
    Company by the chief executive officer and the chief financial
    officer of the Company to such effect.

(b) Performance of Obligations of the
    Company. The Company shall have performed in all material
    respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
    this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Parent shall
    have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by
    the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of
    the Company to such effect.

(c) No Litigation. There shall not be
    pending or threatened any suit, action or proceeding by any
    Governmental Entity (i) challenging the acquisition by
    Parent or Sub of any shares of Company Common Stock, seeking to
    restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger, or seeking
    to place limitations on the ownership of shares of Company
    Common Stock (or shares of common stock of the Surviving
    Corporation) by Parent or Sub or seeking to obtain from the
    Company, Parent or Sub any damages that are material in relation
    to the Company, (ii) seeking to prohibit or materially
    limit the ownership or operation by the Company, Parent or any
    of their respective Subsidiaries of any portion of any business
    or of any assets of the Company, Parent or any of their
    respective Subsidiaries, or to compel the Company, Parent or any
    of their respective Subsidiaries to divest or hold separate any
    portion of any business or of any assets of the Company, Parent
    or any of their respective Subsidiaries, as a result of the
    Merger, (iii) seeking to prohibit Parent or any of its
    Subsidiaries from effectively controlling in any material
    respect the business or operations of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries or (iv) otherwise having, or being reasonably
    expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Restraints. No Restraint that would
    reasonably be expected to result, directly or indirectly, in any
    of the effects referred to in clauses (i) through
    (iv) of paragraph (c) of this Section 6.02 shall
    be in effect.

SECTION
6.03.     
Conditions to Obligation
of the Company.
 The obligation of the Company to effect the
Merger is further subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent
permitted by law) waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties. The
    representations and warranties of Parent and Sub contained in
    this Agreement that are qualified as to materiality shall be
    true and correct, and the representations and warranties of
    Parent and Sub contained in this Agreement that are not so
    qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in
    each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
    Date as though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent
    such representations and

A-33

warranties expressly relate to an earlier date,
    in which case as of such earlier date. The Company shall have
    received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by an
    executive officer of Parent to such effect.

(b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and
    Sub. Parent and Sub shall have performed in all material
    respects all obligations required to be performed by them under
    this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company
    shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by
    an executive officer of Parent to such effect.

SECTION
6.04.     
Frustration of Closing
Conditions.
 None of the Company, Parent or Sub may rely on
the failure of any condition set forth in Section 6.01,
6.02 or 6.03, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such
failure was caused by such partys failure to act in good
faith or to use its commercially reasonable efforts to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, as required by and subject to Section 5.03.

ARTICLE VII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION
7.01.     
Termination.
 This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after receipt of the Stockholder
Approval:

(a) by mutual written consent of Parent, Sub
    and the Company;

(b) by either Parent or the Company:

(i) if the Merger shall not have been
    consummated on or before March 15, 2003; provided, however,
    that the right to terminate this Agreement under this
    Section 7.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party
    whose breach of a representation or warranty in this Agreement
    or whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of
    or resulted in the failure of the Merger to be consummated on or
    before such date;

(ii) if any Restraint having any of the
    effects set forth in Section 6.01(c) shall be in effect and
    shall have become final and nonappealable; or

(iii) if the Stockholder Approval shall not
    have been obtained at the Stockholders Meeting duly
    convened therefor or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;

(c) by Parent (i) if the Company shall
    have breached or failed to perform any of its representations,
    warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement,
    which breach or failure to perform (A) would give rise to
    the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or
    6.02(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured by the Company
    within 30 calendar days following receipt of written notice of
    such breach or failure to perform from Parent or (ii) if
    any Restraint having the effects referred to in clauses
    (i) through (iv) of Section 6.02(c) shall be in
    effect and shall have become final and nonappealable;

(d) by the Company, if Parent shall have
    breached or failed to perform any of its representations,
    warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement,
    which breach or failure to perform (A) would give rise to
    the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or
    6.03(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured by Parent
    within 30 calendar days following receipt of written notice of
    such breach or failure to perform from the Company; or

(e) by Parent, in the event that prior to
    the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval (i) a Company
    Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred or
    (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company fails publicly
    to reaffirm its recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger or
    the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement within ten
    business days of receipt of a written request by Parent to
    provide such reaffirmation following a Takeover Proposal.

SECTION
7.02.     
Effect of Termination.

In the event of termination of this Agreement by either the
Company or Parent as provided in Section 7.01, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no

A-34

effect, without any liability or obligation on
the part of Parent, Sub or the Company, other than the
provisions of Section 3.01(s), the penultimate sentence of
Section 5.02, Section 5.06, this Section 7.02 and
Article VIII, which provisions shall survive such
termination, and except to the extent that such termination
results from the wilful and material breach by a party of any of
its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set
forth in this Agreement.

SECTION
7.03.     
Amendment.
 This
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time
before or after receipt of the Stockholder Approval; provided,
however, that after such approval has been obtained, there shall
be made no amendment that by law requires further approval by
the stockholders of the Company or the approval of the
shareholders of Parent without such approval having been
obtained. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties
hereto.

SECTION
7.04.     
Extension; Waiver.
 At
any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties may
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) to the
extent permitted by law, waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained herein or in any
document delivered pursuant hereto or (c) subject to the
proviso to the first sentence of Section 7.03 and to the
extent permitted by law, waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the
part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid
only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to
assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of such rights.

SECTION
7.05.     
Procedure for Termination
or Amendment.
 A termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.01 or an amendment of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.03 shall, in order to be effective, requires, in
the case of Parent or the Company, action by its Board of
Directors or, with respect to any amendment of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.03, the duly authorized committee of
its Board of Directors to the extent permitted by law.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION
8.01.     
Nonsurvival of
Representations and Warranties.
 None of the representations
and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time.
This Section 8.01 shall not limit any covenant or agreement
of the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after
the Effective Time.

SECTION
8.02.     
Notices.
 Except for
notices that are specifically required by the terms of this
Agreement to be delivered orally, all notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied
(which is confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing
proof of delivery) to the parties at the following addresses (or
at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
notice):

if to Parent or Sub, to:

Johnson & Johnson

One Johnson & Johnson Plaza

New Brunswick, NJ 08933

Telecopy No.: (732) 524-2788

Attention: John T. Crisan

A-35

with a copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore

Worldwide Plaza

825 Eighth Avenue

New York, NY 10019

Telecopy No.: (212) 474-3700

Attention: Robert I. Townsend, III, Esq.

if to the Company, to:

OraPharma, Inc.

732 Louis Drive, Ste 2000

Warminster, PA 18974

Telecopy No.: (215) 443-9531

Attention: Michael D. Kishbauch

with a copy to:

Dechert

4000 Bell Atlantic Tower

1717 Arch Street

Philadelphia, PA 19103

Telecopy No.: (215) 994-2222

Attention: James A. Lebovitz, Esq.

SECTION
8.03.     
Definitions.
 For
purposes of this Agreement:

(a) an Affiliate of any person
means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or
more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such first person;

(b) Knowledge of any person that
is not an individual means, with respect to any matter in
question, the actual knowledge of such persons executive
officers after making due inquiry of the other executives and
managers having primary responsibility for such matter;

(c) Material Adverse Change or
Material Adverse Effect means any (i) change,
(ii) effect, (iii) event, (iv) occurrence,
(v) state of facts or (vi) development or developments
which individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be
expected to result in any change or effect, that (A) is
materially adverse to the business, financial condition, results
of operations or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (B) would reasonably be expected to
prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay
the consummation by the Company of the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, that for
purposes of analyzing whether any change, effect, event,
occurrence, state of facts or development constitutes a
Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse
Effect under this definition, the parties agree that
(x) materiality shall be analyzed from the viewpoint of
whether there is a significant likelihood that the disclosure of
such state of facts, change, development, effect, condition or
occurrence would be viewed by a reasonable investor as having
significantly altered the total mix of information about the
Company and its Subsidiaries available to such investor if the
total mix of such information consisted solely of (I) the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this
Agreement, (II) the Filed Company SEC Documents and
(III) the Company Disclosure Schedule to the extent readily
apparent on its face to be applicable to the analysis of whether
a Material Adverse Change or a Material Adverse Effect has
occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur, and
(y) the analysis of materiality shall not be limited solely
to the standpoint of a long-term investor, and (z) each of
the terms contained in clauses (i) through (vi) above
are intended to be separate and distinct; provided, further,
that none of the following shall be deemed, either alone or in
combination, to constitute, and none of the following

A-36

shall be taken into account in determining
whether there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect or
a Material Adverse Change: (a) any change relating to the
United States economy or securities markets in general,
(b) any failure, in and of its itself, by the Company to
meet any internal or published projections, forecasts, or
revenue or earnings predictions for any period ending on or
after the date of this Agreement (it being understood that the
facts or occurrences giving rise or contributing to such failure
may be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in
determining whether there has been or will be, a Material
Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse Change) and (c) any
adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
development attributable to conditions affecting the industry in
which the Company participates (other than as may arise or
result from regulatory action by a Governmental Entity), so long
as the effects do not disproportionately impact the Company.

(d) person means an individual,
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization or
other entity; and

(e) a Subsidiary of any person
means another person, an amount of the voting securities, other
voting rights or voting partnership interests of which is
sufficient to elect at least a majority of its board of
directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such
voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of which)
is owned directly or indirectly by such first person.

SECTION 8.04.     
Interpretation.

When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, a
Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to an
Article of, a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The  and
headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words
include, includes or
including are used in this Agreement, they shall be
deemed to be followed by the words without
limitation. The words hereof,
herein and hereunder and words of
similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement. References to this Agreement shall
include the Company Disclosure Schedule and the Parent
Disclosure Schedule. All terms defined in this Agreement shall
have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other
document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise
defined therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such
terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter
genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or statute
defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument
that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or
statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented,
including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver
or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of
comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments
thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a
person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.

SECTION 8.05.     
Consents
and Approvals.
 For any matter under this Agreement requiring
the consent or approval of any party to be valid and binding on
the parties hereto, such consent or approval must be in writing.

SECTION 8.06.     
Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
(including by facsimile), all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties.

SECTION 8.07.     
Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
 This Agreement, the
Stockholder Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement
(a) constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement and the Confidentiality
Agreement and (b) except for the provisions of
Article II and Section 5.05, are not intended to
confer upon any person other than the parties any legal or
equitable rights or remedies.

SECTION 8.08.     
Governing
Law.
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware,
regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under
applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

A-37

SECTION 8.09.     
Assignment.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by
operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties without the
prior written consent of the other parties, and any assignment
without such consent shall be null and void, except that Sub,
upon prior written notice to the Company, may assign, in its
sole discretion, any of or all its rights, interests and
obligations under this Agreement to Parent or to any direct or
indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such
assignment shall relieve Parent or Sub of any of its obligations
hereunder. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement
will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be
enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.

SECTION 8.10.     
Specific
Enforcement; Consent to Jurisdiction.
 The parties agree that
irreparable damage would occur and that the parties would not
have any adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this
Agreement in any Federal court located in the State of Delaware
or in any state court in the State of Delaware, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law
or in equity. In addition, each of the parties hereto
(a) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction
of any Federal court located in the State of Delaware or of any
state court located in the State of Delaware in the event any
dispute arises out of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not
attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion
or other request for leave from any such court and
(c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement in any court other than a Federal court located in the
State of Delaware or a state court located in the State of
Delaware.

SECTION 8.11.     
Severability.

If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or
public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.
Upon such determination that any term or other provision is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so
as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an
acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated
hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company
have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective
officers hereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first
written above.

JOHNSON & JOHNSON,

by 

/s/ COLLEEN A. GOGGINS

Name: 

Colleen A. Goggins

Title:

Member, Executive Committee;

Worldwide Chairman, Consumer &

Personal Care Group

A-38

PIVOT MERGER SUB, INC.,

by 

/s/ MICHAEL E. SNEED

Name:

Michael E. Sneed

Title:

President

ORAPHARMA, INC.,

by 

/s/ MICHAEL D. KISHBAUCH

Name:

Michael D. Kishbauch

Title:

President & CEO

A-39

ANNEX I

TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

Term

Acquisition Agreement

Section 4.02(b)

Actions

Section 4.01(d)

Affiliate

Section 8.03(a)

Agreement

Preamble

Appraisal Shares

Section 2.01(d)

Certificate

Section 2.01(c)

Certificate of Merger

Section 1.03

Class Action Suit

Section 3.01(h)

Closing

Section 1.02

Closing Date

Section 1.02

Code

Section 2.02(h)

Commonly Controlled Entity

Section 3.01(k)

Company

Preamble

Company Adverse Recommendation Change

Section 4.02(b)

Company Benefit Agreements

Section 3.01(g)

Company Benefit Plans

Section 3.01(k)

Company By-laws

Section 3.01(a)

Company Certificate

Section 1.05(a)

Company Common Stock

Preamble

Company Consolidated Group

Section 3.01(n)

Company Disclosure Schedule

Section 3.01

Company Pension Plan

Section 3.01(l)

Company Preferred Stock

Section 3.01(c)

Company SEC Documents

Section 3.01(e)

Company Stock-Based Awards

Section 3.01(c)

Company Stock Options

Section 3.01(c)

Company Stock Plans

Section 3.01(c)

Confidentiality Agreement

Section 5.02

Contingent Acquisition Agreement

Section 4.02(b)

Continuing Employees

Section 5.10(a)

Contract

Section 3.01(d)

Covered Reports

Section 3.01(e)

DGCL

Section 1.01

Drug

Section 3.01(w)

Effective Time

Section 1.03

Environmental Laws

Section 3.01(j)

ERISA

Section 3.01(j)

Exchange Act

Section 3.01(d)

Exchange Fund

Section 2.02(a)

A-40

Term

Exclusivity Agreement

Section 4.02(a)

FDA

Section 3.01(j)

FDCA

Section 3.01(j)

Filed Company SEC Documents

Section 3.01(e)

GAAP

Section 3.01(e)

Governmental Entity

Section 3.01(d)

Hazardous Materials

Section 3.01(j)

HSR Act

Section 3.01(d)

HSR Filing

Section 5.03

Intellectual Property Rights

Section 3.01(p)

IRS

Section 3.01(l)

Knowledge

Section 8.03(b)

Legal Provisions

Section 3.01(j)

Liens

Section 3.01(b)

Material Adverse Change

Section 8.03(c)

Material Adverse Effect

Section 8.03(c)

Medical Device

Section 3.01(w)

Merger

Preamble

Merger Consideration

Section 2.01(c)

Notice of Adverse Recommendation

Section 4.02(b)

Parachute Grass Up Payment

Section 3.01(m)

Parent

Preamble

Parent Disclosure Schedule

Section 3.02

Paying Agent

Section 2.02(a)

Permits

Section 3.01(j)

person

Section 8.03(d)

Post-Signing Returns

Section 4.01(d)

Primary Company Executives

Section 3.01(m)

Principal Stockholders

Preamble

Proxy Statement

Section 3.01(d)

Representatives

Section 4.02(a)

Release

Section 3.01(j)

Restraints

Section 6.01(c)

Rights

Section 3.01(c)

Rights Agreement

Section 3.01(c)

SEC

Section 3.01(d)

Section 203.

Section 3.01(r)

Section 262.

Section 2.01(d)

Securities Act

Section 3.01(e)

Stockholder Agreement

Preamble

Stockholder Approval

Section 3.01(q)

Stockholders Meeting

Section 5.01(b)

Sub

Preamble

Subsidiary

Section 8.03(e)

A-41

Term

Superior Proposal

Section 4.02(a)

Surviving Corporation

Section 1.01

Takeover Proposal

Section 4.02(a)

taxes

Section 3.01(n)

taxing authority

Section 3.01(n)

tax returns

Section 3.01(n)

Termination Fee

Section 5.06(b)

Warrants

Section 3.01(c)

A-42

EXHIBIT A

TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

FIRST:     The name of
the corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation)
is OraPharma, Inc.

SECOND:     The address,
including street, number, city, and county, of the registered
office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is Corporate
Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801,
County of New Castle; and the name of the registered agent of
the Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is The
Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD:     The purpose
of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity
for which corporations may be organized under the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

FOURTH:     The
aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is 1,000 shares of Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share.

FIFTH:     In
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon
it by law, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is
expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws of
the Corporation.

SIXTH:     To the
fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware as it now exists and as it may hereafter be
amended, no director or officer of the Corporation shall be
personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
or officer; provided, however, that nothing contained in this
Article SIXTH shall eliminate or limit the liability of a
director or officer (i) for any breach of the
directors or officers duty of loyalty to the
Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (iii) pursuant to
Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware or (iv) for any transaction from which the
director or officer derived an improper personal benefit. No
amendment to or repeal of this Article SIXTH shall apply to
or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any
director or officer of the Corporation for or with respect to
any acts or omissions of such director or officer occurring
prior to such amendment or repeal.

SEVENTH:     The
Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify
any and all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify under
said Section from and against any and all of the expenses,
liabilities, or other matters referred to in or covered by said
Section. Such indemnification shall be mandatory and not
discretionary. The indemnification provided for herein shall not
be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those
indemnified may be entitled under any by-law, agreement, vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to
action in his or her official capacity and as to action in
another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue
as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer,
employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs,
executors, and administrators of such a person. Any repeal or
modification of this Article SEVENTH shall not adversely
affect any right to indemnification of any persons existing at
the time of such repeal or modification with respect to any
matter occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

The Corporation shall to the fullest extent
permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware advance all costs and expenses (including, without
limitation, attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by any
director or officer within 15 days of the presentation of
same to the Corporation, with respect to any one or more
actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, so long as the Corporation
receives from the director or officer an unsecured undertaking
to repay such expenses if it shall ultimately be determined that
such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by
the Corporation under the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware. Such obligation to advance costs and expenses shall
be mandatory, and not discretionary, and shall include, without
limitation, costs and expenses incurred in asserting affirmative
defenses, counterclaims and cross claims. Such undertaking to
repay may, if first

A-43

requested in writing by the applicable director
or officer, be on behalf of (rather than by) such director or
officer, provided that in such case the Corporation shall have
the right to approve the party making such undertaking.

EIGHTH:     Unless and
except to the extent that the By-laws of the Corporation shall
so require, the election of directors of the Corporation need
not be by written ballot.

A-44

ANNEX B

EXECUTION COPY

STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT dated as of November 12,
2002, (this Agreement), among Johnson &
Johnson, a New Jersey corporation (Parent), and the
individuals and other parties listed on Schedule A attached
hereto (each, a Stockholder and, collectively, the
Stockholders).

WHEREAS, Parent, Pivot Merger Sub, Inc., a
Delaware corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent
(Sub), and OraPharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), propose to enter into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of the date hereof (as the same may
be amended or supplemented, the Merger Agreement)
providing for the merger of Sub with and into the Company (the
Merger), upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement;

WHEREAS, each Stockholder owns the number of
shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share, of the
Company, (the Company Common Stock), set forth
opposite his, her or its name on Schedule A attached hereto
(such shares of Company Common Stock, together with any other
shares of capital stock of the Company acquired by such
Stockholder after the date hereof and during the term of this
Agreement (including through the exercise of any stock options,
warrants or similar instruments), being collectively referred to
herein as the Subject Shares of such Stockholder);

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
has unanimously approved the terms of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, as a condition to its willingness to
enter into the Merger Agreement, Parent has requested that each
Stockholder enter into this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, to induce Parent to enter into,
and in consideration of its entering into, the Merger Agreement,
and in consideration of the mutual promises and the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree
as follows:

1.     Representations
    and Warranties of Each Stockholder. Each Stockholder hereby,
    severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to Parent as
    of the date hereof in respect of himself, herself or itself as
    follows:

(a) Authority, Execution and Delivery;
    Enforceability. The Stockholder has all requisite power and
    authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the
    transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly
    authorized, executed and delivered by the Stockholder and
    constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
    Stockholder, enforceable against the Stockholder in accordance
    with its terms. Except for the expiration or termination of the
    waiting periods under the HSR Act and informational filings with
    the SEC, the execution and delivery by the Stockholder of this
    Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions
    contemplated hereby and compliance with the terms hereof will
    not, conflict with, or result in any violation of, or default
    (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under, or give
    rise to a right of termination, cancelation or acceleration of
    any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or result
    in the creation of any Lien upon any of the Subject Shares of
    the Stockholder under, (i) any trust agreement, loan or
    credit agreement, bond, note, mortgage, indenture, lease or
    other contract, agreement, obligation, commitment, arrangement,
    understanding or instrument, (collectively,
    Contracts) to which the Stockholder is a party or by
    which any of the Subject Shares of the Stockholder is bound or
    (ii) subject to the filings and other matters referred to
    in the next sentence, any provision of any judgment, order or
    decree (collectively, Judgment) or any statute, law,
    ordinance, rule or regulation (collectively, Applicable
    Law) applicable to the Subject Shares of the Stockholder.
    No consent, approval, order or authorization (collectively,
    Consent) of, action by or in respect of, or
    registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental
    Entity is required to be obtained or made by or with respect to
    the Stockholder in connection with the execution, delivery and
    performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated hereby, other than (i) compliance
    with and filings under the HSR Act, if applicable to the
    Stockholders receipt in the Merger of the Merger
    Consideration, (ii) such reports under Sections 13(d)
    and 16 of

the Exchange Act as may be required in connection
    with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
    (iii) where the failure to obtain such Consent or action,
    or to make such registration, declaration or filing, could not
    reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impede or delay
    the performance by the Stockholder of its obligations under this
    Agreement. If the Stockholder is a natural person and is
    married, and the Stockholders Subject Shares constitute
    community property or otherwise need spousal or other approval
    for this Agreement to be legal, valid and binding, this
    Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by,
    and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of, the
    Stockholders spouse, enforceable against such spouse in
    accordance with its terms. No trust of which such Stockholder is
    a trustee requires the consent of any beneficiary to the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement or to the consummation
    of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) The Subject Shares. The Stockholder is
    the record and beneficial owner of, or is trustee of a trust
    that is the record holder of, and whose beneficiaries are the
    beneficial owners of, and has good and marketable title to, the
    Subject Shares set forth opposite his, her or its name on
    Schedule A attached hereto, free and clear of any Liens.
    The Stockholder does not own, of record or beneficially, any
    shares of capital stock of the Company other than the Subject
    Shares set forth opposite his, her or its name on
    Schedule A attached hereto. The Stockholder has the sole
    right to vote such Subject Shares (except to the extent that
    such Subject Shares are issuable upon the exercise of options or
    Warrants that have not been exercised by such Stockholder), and,
    except as contemplated by this Agreement, none of such Subject
    Shares is subject to any voting trust or other agreement,
    arrangement or restriction with respect to the voting of such
    Subject Shares.

2.     Representations
    and Warranties of Parent. Parent hereby represents and warrants
    to each Stockholder that Parent (i) is duly incorporated,
    validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
    State of New Jersey, and (ii) has all requisite corporate
    power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
    consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
    has been duly authorized. The execution and delivery by Parent
    of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions
    contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
    corporate action on the part of Parent. Parent has duly executed
    and delivered this Agreement, and, assuming this Agreement
    constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each of
    the other parties hereto, this Agreement constitutes a valid and
    binding obligation of Parent enforceable against Parent in
    accordance with its terms. The execution and delivery by Parent
    of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated hereby and compliance with the terms
    hereof will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of,
    or default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both)
    under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancelation or
    acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material benefit
    under, (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of
    Parent, (ii) any Contract to which Parent is a party or by
    which any properties or assets of Parent are bound in any way
    that would prevent the consummation by Parent of the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
    (iii) subject to the filings and other matters referred to
    in the next sentence, any provision of any Judgment or
    Applicable Law applicable to Parent or the properties or assets
    of Parent, in any way that would prevent the consummation by
    Parent of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No
    Consent of, action by or in respect of, or registration,
    declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required
    to be obtained or made by or with respect to Parent in
    connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this
    Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
    hereby, other than such reports under Sections 13(d) and 16
    of the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this
    Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

3.     Covenants of each
    Stockholder. Each Stockholder, acting as a stockholder of the
    Company (or warrantholder of the Company with respect to
    Section 3(i)) and not as an officer or director of the
    Company, severally and not jointly, agrees as follows:

(a) Without in any way limiting each
    Stockholders right to vote its Subject Shares in its sole
    discretion with respect to any other matters, at any meeting of
    stockholders of the Company called to vote upon the Merger and
    the Merger Agreement or at any adjournment thereof or in any
    other

B-2

circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other
    approval (including by written consent) with respect to the
    Merger and the Merger Agreement is sought, the Stockholder
    shall, including by executing a written consent if requested by
    Parent, vote (or cause to be voted) the Subject Shares in favor
    of the Merger, the adoption by the Company of the Merger
    Agreement and the approval of the terms thereof and each of the
    other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

(b) At any meeting of stockholders of the
    Company or at any adjournment thereof or in any other
    circumstances upon which the Stockholders vote, consent or
    other approval is sought, the Stockholder shall vote (or cause
    to be voted) the Subject Shares against (i) any merger
    agreement or merger (other than the Merger Agreement and the
    Merger), consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets,
    reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or
    winding up of or by the Company or any other Takeover Proposal
    or (ii) any amendment of the Companys Fourth Amended
    and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or other
    proposal or transaction involving the Company, which amendment
    or other proposal or transaction would in any manner impede,
    frustrate, prevent or nullify, or result in a breach of any
    covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation of
    the Company under or with respect to, the Merger, the Merger
    Agreement or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
    Merger Agreement or change in any manner the voting rights of
    the Company Common Stock. The Stockholder shall not commit or
    agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.

(c) The Stockholder shall not (i) sell,
    transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of (including by
    gift) (collectively, Transfer), consent to any
    Transfer of, or enter into any Contract, option or other
    arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement) with
    respect to the Transfer of, any Subject Shares (or any interest
    therein) to any person other than pursuant to the terms of the
    Merger or (ii) enter into any voting arrangement, whether
    by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise, with respect to any
    Subject Shares other than pursuant to this Agreement and shall
    not commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions. The
    Stockholder shall not, nor shall such Stockholder permit any
    entity under such Stockholders control to, deposit any
    Subject Shares in a voting trust.

(d) The Stockholder shall not, nor shall it
    authorize or permit any employees or Affiliates of, or any
    investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or
    other advisor, agent or representative of, the Stockholder
    (collectively, the Stockholder Representatives) to,
    directly or indirectly through any person or entity,
    (i) solicit, initiate or encourage, or take any other
    action designed to, or which would reasonably be expected to,
    facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
    constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to a
    Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter into, continue or otherwise
    participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or
    furnish to any person any information with respect to any
    Takeover Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, it is agreed
    that any violation of the restrictions set forth in the
    preceding sentence by any Stockholder Representative of such
    Stockholder, whether or not such person is purporting to act on
    behalf of such Stockholder, shall be a breach of this
    Section 3(d) by such Stockholder. The Stockholder shall
    promptly advise Parent orally and in writing of any Takeover
    Proposal or inquiry made to the Stockholder with respect to any
    Takeover Proposal.

(e) Until the earlier of (i) the
    consummation of the Merger and (ii) termination of the
    Merger Agreement pursuant to its terms, the Stockholder shall
    use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
    actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
    cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary,
    proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the
    most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The
    Stockholder shall not issue any press release or make any other
    public statement with respect to this Agreement, the Merger
    Agreement, the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by
    this Agreement or the Merger Agreement without the prior written
    consent of Parent, except as may be required by Applicable Law.

(f) The Stockholder, and any beneficiary of
    a revocable trust for which such Stockholder serves as trustee,
    shall not take any action to revoke or terminate such trust or
    take any other action

B-3

which would restrict, limit or frustrate in any
    way the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each such
    beneficiary hereby acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the
    terms of this Agreement applicable to it.

(g) The Stockholder hereby consents to and
    approves the actions taken by the Board of Directors of the
    Company in approving the Merger Agreement and this Agreement,
    the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
    Agreement. The Stockholder hereby waives, and agrees not to
    exercise or assert, any appraisal or similar rights under
    Section 262 of the DGCL or other Applicable Law in
    connection with the Merger.

(h) (i) In the event that the
    Termination Fee shall become unconditionally payable pursuant to
    the terms of the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder shall pay to
    Parent an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of all profit
    (determined in accordance with Section 3(h)(ii)) of such
    Stockholder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a stockholder
    of the Company, from the consummation of any Takeover Proposal
    (such amount to be payable immediately following the
    consummation of such Takeover Proposal).

(ii) For purposes of this Section 3(h),
    the profit of any Stockholder, solely in his, her or its
    capacity as a stockholder of the Company, from the consummation
    of any Takeover Proposal shall equal (A) the aggregate
    consideration received by such Stockholder, solely in his, her
    or its capacity as a stockholder of the Company, as a result of
    the consummation of such Takeover Proposal, valuing any non-cash
    consideration (including any residual interest in the Company)
    at its fair market value on the date of such consummation plus
    (B) the fair market value, on the date of sale or other
    disposition, of all Subject Shares of such Stockholder sold or
    otherwise disposed of after the termination of the Merger
    Agreement and prior to the date of such consummation less
    (C) the product of $7.41 and the number of Subject Shares
    owned by such Stockholder, which amount is payable to such
    Stockholder pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as in effect on
    the date hereof (the Original Merger Consideration).

(iii) In the event that (A) prior to
    the Effective Time, a Takeover Proposal shall have been made to
    the Company or shall have been made directly to the stockholders
    of the Company generally or shall have otherwise become publicly
    known or any person shall have publicly announced an intention
    (whether or not conditional) to make a Takeover Proposal and
    (B) the Effective Time shall have occurred and Parent for
    any reason shall have increased the amount of the Original
    Merger Consideration, each Stockholder shall pay to Parent on
    demand an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the
    number of Subject Shares of such Stockholder and (y) 50% of
    the excess, if any, of (I) the per share cash consideration
    or the per share fair market value of any non-cash
    consideration, as the case may be, received by the Stockholder
    as a result of the consummation of the Merger, pursuant to the
    Merger Agreement as in effect on the date of such consummation,
    determined as of the Effective Time of the Merger, over
    (II) the Original Merger Consideration.

(iv) For purposes of this Section 3(h),
    the fair market value of any non-cash consideration consisting
    of:

(A) securities listed on a national
    securities exchange or traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market shall
    be equal to the average closing price per share of such security
    as reported on such exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market for the
    five trading days immediately preceding the date of
    determination; and

(B) consideration which is other than cash
    or securities of the form specified in clause (A) of this
    Section 3(h)(iv) shall be determined by a nationally
    recognized independent investment banking firm mutually agreed
    upon by Parent and the Stockholder owning the largest number of
    Subject Shares as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto
    within 10 business days prior to the event requiring the
    selection of such investment banking firm; provided, however,
    that if such parties are unable to agree within two business
    days prior to the date of such event as to the investment
    banking firm, then such parties shall each select one investment

B-4

banking firm, and those firms shall select a
    third investment banking firm, which third firm shall make such
    determination; provided further, that the fees and expenses of
    such investment banking firm shall be borne equally by Parent,
    on the one hand, and the Stockholders, on the other hand. The
    determination of the investment banking firm shall be binding
    upon the parties.

(v) Any payments under this
    Section 3(h) shall be paid to Parent as designated by it
    with the same kind of consideration received by each Stockholder
    in the transaction giving rise to such payment obligation.

(i) As set forth on Schedule B attached
    hereto, each Stockholder who also holds Warrants exercisable for
    Company Common Stock (as set forth opposite his, her or its name
    on Schedule B attached hereto) hereby consents to the lump
    sum cash payment as specified in Section 5.04(b) of the
    Merger Agreement and the concurrent cancelation of such
    Warrants. The Stockholder does not own, of record or
    beneficially, any Warrants exercisable for Company Common Stock
    other than the Warrants set for opposite his, her or its name on
    Schedule B attached hereto.

4.     Grant of
    Irrevocable Proxy; Appointment of Attorney-in-Fact.

(a) Each Stockholder hereby irrevocably
    grants to, and appoints, Parent and Robert ONeil, Vice
    President, Business Development, Consumer and Personal Care
    Group of Parent, Michael E. Sneed, President, Personal
    Products Company, Division of McNeil, PPC, Inc. and John T.
    Crisan, Assistant General Counsel of Parent, in their respective
    capacities as officers of Parent, and any individual who shall
    hereafter succeed to any such office of Parent, and each of them
    individually, and any individual designated in writing by any of
    them, as such Stockholders proxy and attorney-in-fact
    (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place
    and stead of such Stockholder, to vote such Stockholders
    Subject Shares, or grant a consent or approval in respect of
    such Subject Shares (i) in favor of adoption of the Merger
    Agreement and approval of the Merger and any other transactions
    contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) against any
    Takeover Proposal and (iii) against any amendment of the
    Companys Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of
    Incorporation or By-laws, or other proposal or transaction
    (including any consent solicitation to remove or elect any
    directors of the Company) involving the Company, which amendment
    or other proposal or transaction would in any manner impede,
    frustrate, prevent or nullify, or result in a breach of any
    covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or
    agreement of the Company under or with respect to, the Merger,
    the Merger Agreement or any of the other transactions
    contemplated by the Merger Agreement or change in any manner the
    voting rights of the Company Common Stock. The Stockholder
    understands and acknowledges that Parent is entering into the
    Merger Agreement in reliance upon the Stockholders
    execution and delivery of this Agreement.

(b) Such Stockholder represents that any
    proxies heretofore given in respect of such Stockholders
    Subject Shares are not irrevocable, and that all such proxies
    are hereby revoked.

(c) Such Stockholder hereby affirms that the
    irrevocable proxy set forth in this Section 4 is given in
    connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, and that
    such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the
    duties of the Stockholder under this Agreement. Such Stockholder
    hereby further affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled
    with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Such
    Stockholder hereby ratifies and confirms all that such
    irrevocable proxy may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
    hereof. Such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be
    irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of
    Section 212(e) of the DGCL. The irrevocable proxy granted
    hereunder shall automatically terminate upon the termination of
    this Agreement in accordance with Section 7.

5.     Further
    Assurances. Each Stockholder will, from time to time, execute
    and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such
    additional or further consents, documents and other instruments
    as Parent may reasonably request for the purpose of effectively
    carrying out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

6.     Additional
    Matters. (a) Each Stockholder agrees that this Agreement
    and the obligations hereunder shall attach to such
    Stockholders Subject Shares and shall be binding upon any
    person or

B-5

entity to which legal or beneficial ownership of
    such Subject Shares shall pass, whether by operation of law or
    otherwise, including such Stockholders heirs, guardians,
    administrators or successors, and that each certificate
    representing such Subject Shares will be inscribed with a legend
    to such effect. In the event of any stock split, stock dividend,
    merger, reorganization, recapitalization or other change in the
    capital structure of the Company affecting the Company Common
    Stock, or the acquisition of additional shares of Company Common
    Stock or other voting securities of the Company by any
    Stockholder, the number of Subject Shares listed in
    Schedule A beside the name of such Stockholder shall be
    adjusted appropriately and this Agreement and the obligations
    hereunder shall attach to any additional shares of Company
    Common Stock or other voting securities of the Company issued to
    or acquired by such Stockholder. Notwithstanding any provision
    in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing herein shall require
    or be deemed to require the exercise of, or give any person
    other than the Stockholder the power to exercise, any option to
    purchase Company Common Stock or any Warrants held at any time
    by such Stockholder, it being understood that the foregoing
    shall in no way limit the provisions of Section 3(i) herein.

(b) Each Stockholder agrees that such
    Stockholder will tender to the Company, within 10 business days
    after the date hereof (or, in the event Subject Shares are
    acquired subsequent to the date hereof within 10 business days
    after the date of such acquisition), any and all certificates
    representing such Stockholders Subject Shares in order
    that the Company may inscribe upon such certificates the legend
    in accordance with Section 5.11 of the Merger Agreement.

(c) No person executing this Agreement who
    is or becomes during the term hereof a director or officer of
    the Company makes (or shall be deemed to have made) any
    agreement or understanding herein in his or her capacity as such
    a director or officer of the Company. Each Stockholder signs
    solely in his, her or its capacity as the record holder and
    beneficial owner of, or the trustee of a trust whose
    beneficiaries are the beneficial owners of, such
    Stockholders Subject Shares and nothing herein shall limit
    or affect any actions taken by any Stockholder or any employee
    or Affiliate of any Stockholder in his or her capacity as an
    officer or director of Company to the extent specifically
    permitted by the Merger Agreement.

7.     Termination. This
    Agreement shall terminate, and the provisions hereof shall be of
    no further force or effect, upon the earliest to occur of
    (i) the Effective Time, (ii) the termination of the
    Merger Agreement or (iii) at the option of any Stockholder,
    the execution or granting of any amendment, modification, change
    or waiver with respect to the Merger Agreement subsequent to the
    date of this Agreement that results in any decrease in the price
    to be paid per share for the shares of Company Common Stock, or
    any change in the form of consideration to be used to purchase
    the shares of Company Common Stock that results in a reduction
    of the amount of cash to be paid in respect thereof.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) in the event that the
    Merger Agreement shall have been terminated under circumstances
    where Parent is or may become entitled to receive the
    Termination Fee, Section 3(h) shall survive the termination
    of the Merger Agreement until the earlier to occur of
    (I) the 12-month anniversary of the termination of the
    Merger Agreement in the event that the Termination Fee does not
    become unconditionally payable before such date or
    (II) with respect to any Stockholder, the date on which any
    amount payable by such Stockholder to Parent pursuant to
    Section 3(h)(i) shall have been paid in full or
    (b) with respect to any Stockholder, in the event that the
    Merger shall have been consummated under circumstances where
    Parent is entitled to receive payment from such Stockholder
    pursuant to Section 3(h)(iii), Section 3(h) shall
    survive the consummation of the Merger until the date on which
    any amount payable by such Stockholder to Parent shall have been
    paid in full. Nothing in this Section 7 shall relieve or
    otherwise limit the liability of any party for breach of this
    Agreement.

8.     General
    Provisions. (a) Amendments. This Agreement may not be
    amended except by an instrument in writing signed by each of the
    parties hereto.

(b) Notice. All notices and other
    communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
    given if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier
    (providing proof of delivery) to Parent in accordance with
    Section 8.02 of the Merger Agreement and to the
    Stockholders at their respective

B-6

addresses set forth on Schedule A attached
    hereto (or at such other address for a party as shall be
    specified by like notice).

(c) Interpretation. When a reference is made
    in this Agreement to a Section, such reference shall be to a
    Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
    headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
    only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
    interpretation of this Agreement. Wherever the words
    include, includes or
    including are used in this Agreement, they shall be
    deemed to be followed by the words without
    limitation.

(d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be
    executed in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile),
    all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement.
    This Agreement shall become effective against Parent when one or
    more counterparts have been signed by Parent and delivered to
    each Stockholder. This Agreement shall become effective against
    any Stockholder when one or more counterparts have been executed
    by such Stockholder and delivered to Parent. Each party need not
    sign the same counterpart.

(e) Entire Agreement; No Third-Party
    Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the documents and
    instruments referred to herein) (i) constitutes the entire
    agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and
    understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
    respect to the subject matter hereof and (ii) is not
    intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto
    any legal or equitable rights or remedies.

(f) GOVERNING LAW; CAPITALIZED TERMS. THIS
    AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
    WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE LAWS
    THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN UNDER APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF
    CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. CAPITALIZED TERMS USED BUT NOT DEFINED
    HEREIN SHALL HAVE THE MEANINGS SET FORTH IN THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

(g) Voidability. If prior to the execution
    hereof, the Board of Directors of the Company shall not have
    duly and validly authorized and approved by all necessary
    corporate action, this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the
    transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, so that by the
    execution and delivery hereof Parent or Sub would become, or
    could reasonably be expected to become an interested
    stockholder with whom the Company would be prevented for
    any period pursuant to Section 203 of the DGCL from
    engaging in any business combination (as such terms
    are defined in Section 203 of the DGCL), then this
    Agreement shall be void and unenforceable until such time as
    such authorization and approval shall have been duly and validly
    obtained.

9.     Specific
    Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would
    occur and that the parties would not have any adequate remedy at
    law in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
    were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or
    were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the
    parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to
    prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
    the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Federal court
    located in the State of Delaware or in any state court in the
    State of Delaware, this being in addition to any other remedy to
    which they are entitled at law or in equity. In addition, each
    of the parties hereto (i) consents to submit itself to the
    personal jurisdiction of any Federal court located in the State
    of Delaware or of any state court located in the State of
    Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement
    or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
    (ii) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such
    personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from
    any such court and (iii) agrees that it will not bring any
    action relating to this Agreement or the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than a Federal
    court located in the State of Delaware or a state court located
    in the State of Delaware.

10.     Assignment.
    Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
    obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any Stockholder, on
    the one hand, without the prior written consent of Parent nor by
    Parent, on the other hand, without the prior written consent of
    the Stockholders, and any assignment

B-7

without such consent shall be null and void,
    except that Parent may assign, in its sole discretion, any or
    all of its rights, interests and obligations hereunder to any
    direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent. Subject to
    the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon,
    inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and
    their respective successors and assigns.

11.     Severability. If
    any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,
    illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or
    public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this
    Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.
    Upon such determination that any term or other provision is
    invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
    hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so
    as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
    possible to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law in an
    acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated
    hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent has caused this
Agreement to be signed by its officer thereunto duly authorized
and each Stockholder has signed this Agreement, all as of the
date first written above.

JOHNSON & JOHNSON

By:  /s/ COLLEEN A. GOGGINS

Name:  

Colleen A. Goggins

Title:  

Member, Executive Committee;

Worldwide Chairman, Consumer

& Personal Care Group

DOMAIN PARTNERS IV, L.P.

By: One Palmer Square Associates IV, L.L.C., 

     its General Partner

By: /s/ JESSE I. TREU

Name:  

Jesse I. Treu

Title:  

Managing Member

DP IV ASSOCIATES, L.P.

By: One Palmer Square Associates IV, L.L.C., 

     its General Partner

By:  /s/ JESSE I. TREU

Name:  

Jesse I. Treu

Title:  

Managing Member

B-8

DOMAIN ASSOCIATES, L.L.C.

By: 

/s/ JESSE I. TREU

Name: Jesse I. Treu

Title:   Managing Member

FRAZIER HEALTHCARE II, L.P.

By FHM II, L.L.C., its General Partner

By Frazier Management L.L.C., its

Managing Member

By: 

/s/ JON GILBERT

Jon Gilbert, Member

TL VENTURES III L.P.

By: 

/s/ PAMELA A. STRISOFSKY

Name: Pamela A. Strisofsky

Title:   Chief Financial Officer

TL VENTURES III INTERFUND L.P.

By: 

/s/ PAMELA A. STRISOFSKY

Name: Pamela A. Strisofsky

Title:   Chief Financial Officer

B-9

TL VENTURES III OFFSHORE L.P.

By: 

/s/ PAMELA A. STRISOFSKY

Name: Pamela A. Strisofsky

Title:   Chief Financial Officer

MICHAEL D. KISHBAUCH

/s/ MICHAEL D. KISHBAUCH

JAMES A. RATIGAN

/s/ JAMES A. RATIGAN

J. RONALD LAWTER

/s/ J. RONALD LAWTER

JAN N. LESSEM

/s/ JAN N. LESSEM

RUSSELL A. SECTER

/s/ RUSSELL A. SECTER

B-10

SCHEDULE A

Name and

Number of Shares

Address of

of Common Stock

Stockholder

Owned of Record

Domain Partners(1)

1,062,579

One Palmer Square

    Princeton, NJ 08542

Frazier Healthcare II, L.P.

1,110,909

Two Union Square

    601 Union Street

    Suite 2110

    Seattle, WA 98101

TL Ventures(2)

849,854

700 Building

    435 Devon Park Drive

    Wayne, PA 19087-1945

Michael D. Kishbauch

345,874

James A. Ratigan

44,056

J. Ronald Lawter

105,875

Jan N. Lessem

18,350

Russell A. Secter

3,200

Total:

3,540,697

(1) 

Includes shares held by Domain Partners IV L.P.
    and DP IV Associates, L.P. and Domain Associates, L.L.C.

(2) 

Includes shares held by TL Ventures III L.P., TL
    Ventures III Interfund L.P. and TL Ventures III Offshore L.P.

B-11

SCHEDULE B

Number of Shares of

Number of

Common Stock

Name of Stockholder

Warrants

Underlying the Warrants

Domain Partners IV L.P. 

3,457

3,457

DP IV Associates, L.P. 

Frazier Healthcare II, L.P. 

4,425

4,425

TL Ventures III L.P. 

8,907

8,907

TL Ventures III Interfund L.P. 

TL Ventures III Offshore L.P. 

1,864

1,864

B-12

ANNEX C

November 12, 2002

Board of Directors

OraPharma, Inc.

732 Louis Drive

Warminster, PA 18974

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We understand that OraPharma, Inc. (the
Company), Johnson & Johnson (Parent)
and Pivot Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
(Acquisition Sub) propose to enter into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger, substantially in the form of the draft dated
November 12, 2002 (the Merger Agreement), which
provides, among other things, for the merger (the
Merger) of Acquisition Sub with and into the
Company. Pursuant to the Merger, the Company will become a
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and each issued and
outstanding share of the common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (the Common Stock) of the Company, other than
shares directly owned by the Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub
or as to which appraisal rights have been perfected, will be
converted into the right to receive $7.41 in cash (the
Merger Consideration). We further understand that
simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement,
Parent and certain stockholders of the Company propose to enter
into a stockholder agreement, substantially in the form of the
draft dated November 12, 2002 (the Stockholder
Agreement), pursuant to which such stockholders will agree
to vote, approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and to take
certain other actions in furtherance of the consummation of the
Merger upon the terms and conditions set forth in the
Stockholder Agreement. The terms and conditions of the Merger
are more fully set forth in the Merger Agreement.

You have asked for our opinion as to whether the
consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Common
Stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement is fair from a financial
point of view to such holders.

For purposes of the opinion set forth herein, we
have:

(i) reviewed certain publicly available
    financial statements and other information of the Company;

(ii) reviewed certain internal financial
    statements and other financial and operating data concerning the
    Company prepared by the management of the Company;

(iii) reviewed certain financial forecasts
    prepared by the management of the Company;

(iv) reviewed certain financial forecasts
    for the Company contained in certain publicly available
    securities analysts research reports;

(v) discussed the past and current
    operations and financial condition and the prospects of the
    Company with senior executives of the Company;

(vi) reviewed the reported prices and
    trading activity for the Common Stock;

(vii) compared the financial performance of
    the Company and the prices and trading activity of the Common
    Stock with that of certain comparable publicly-traded companies
    and their securities;

(viii) reviewed the financial terms, to the
    extent publicly available, of certain comparable acquisition
    transactions;

(ix) participated in discussions and
    negotiations among representatives of the Company, Parent and
    their financial and legal advisors;

(x) reviewed the draft Merger Agreement, the
    draft Stockholder Agreement, and certain related documents; and

(xi) considered such other factors and
    performed such other analyses as we have deemed appropriate.

We have assumed and relied upon without
independent verification the accuracy and completeness of the
information supplied or otherwise made available to us for the
purposes of this opinion. With respect to the financial
forecasts, we have assumed that they have been reasonably
prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the future financial performance of
the Company. In addition, we have assumed that the Merger will
be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the
Merger Agreement. We have relied upon, without independent
verification, the assessment by the management of the Company of
the validity of, and risks associated with, the Companys
existing and future technologies. We have not made any
independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities
of the Company, nor have we been furnished with any such
appraisals. Our opinion is necessarily based on financial,
economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the
information made available to us as of, the date hereof.

In arriving at our opinion, we were not
authorized to solicit, and did not solicit, interest from any
party with respect to the acquisition, business combination or
other extraordinary transaction involving the Company or any of
its assets, nor did we negotiate with any of the parties, other
than Parent, which expressed interest to us in the possible
acquisition of the Company or certain of its constituent
businesses.

We have acted as financial advisor to the Board
of Directors of the Company in connection with this transaction
and will receive a fee for our services. In the past, Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated and its affiliates have provided
financial advisory services and financing services for the
Parent and its affiliates and have received fees for the
rendering of these services.

It is understood that this letter is for the
information of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not
be disclosed or referred to publicly or used for any other
purpose without our prior written consent, except that this
letter may be included in its entirety in any filing made by the
Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
distributed to the stockholders of the Company in connection
with the Merger. In addition, this opinion does not in any
manner address the prices at which the Common Stock will trade
at any time and we express no opinion or recommendation as to
how the stockholders of the Company should vote at the
stockholders meeting held in connection with the Merger.

Based on the foregoing, we are of the opinion on
the date hereof that the Merger Consideration to be received by
the holders of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Merger
Agreement is fair from a financial point of view to such holders.

Very truly yours,

MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED

By: 

/s/ JESSICA CHUTTER

Jessica Chutter

Managing Director

C-2

ANNEX D

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

Section 262.     Appraisal
Rights.

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this
State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a
demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section with
respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares
through the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who
has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section
and who has neither voted in favor of the merger or
consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to
Section 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal
by the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the
stockholders shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section.
As used in this section, the word stockholder means
a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation and also a
member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words
stock and share mean and include what is
ordinarily meant by those words and also membership or
membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and
the words depository receipt mean a receipt or other
instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in
one or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a
corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for
the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent
corporation in a merger or consolidation to be effected pursuant
to Section 251 (other than a m