URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1022622/000104746902007125/0001047469-02-007125.txt

:			94404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505743000

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				561930728
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-47359
		FILM NUMBER:		02859030

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4611 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27707
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9194935980

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4611 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27707

SC TO-T

a2096276zscto-t.htm

SC TO-T

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549  

Schedule TO

Tender Offer Statement under Section 14(d)(1) or 13(e)(1)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Name of Subject Company (Issuer)) 

Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc. 
(Offeror)

Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
(Parent of Offeror)
(Names of Filing Persons) 

COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.001 PER SHARE

(Title of Class of Securities) 

89589H 10 4

(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

Gregg H. Alton, Esq.

Vice President and General Counsel

Gilead Sciences, Inc.

333 Lakeside Drive

Foster City, California 94404

Tel: (650) 574-3000

(Name, address, and telephone number of person authorized to receive notices

and communications on behalf of filing persons) 

with copies to:  

Richard E. Climan, Esq.

David A. Lipkin, Esq.

Cooley Godward LLP

Five Palo Alto Square

3000 El Camino Real

Palo Alto, CA 94306-2155

Tel: (650) 843-5000

Fax: (650) 849-7400  

 Calculation of Filing Fee  

Transaction valuation(1)

Amount of filing fee(2)

$476,659,788

$43,853

(1)
Estimated
solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 0-11(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, based on the
product of (i) $6.00 (i.e. the tender offer price) and (ii) 79,443,298, the estimated number of shares of Triangle common stock to be acquired in this tender offer and the merger
(including 2,539,165 shares of Triangle common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options having an exercise price less than or equal to $6.00).

(2)
The
amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, equals 0.0092% of the transaction valuation.

o
Check
the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the
offsetting fee was previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number or the form or schedule and the date of its filing. 

Amount Previously Paid: N/A

Form or Registration No.: N/A

Filing Party: N/A

Date Filed: N/A

o
Check
the box if the filing relates to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer. 

Check
the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the statement relates: 


third-party
tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.

o
issuer
tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

o
going-private
transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.

o
amendment
to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2. 

Check
the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results of the tender offer: 
o

ITEMS 1-9, AND ITEM 11.  

        This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this "Schedule TO") relates to the offer by Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Gilead"), to purchase all the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of
Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation, at a purchase price of $6.00 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated December 16, 2002, and in the Letter of Transmittal, copies of which are filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1) and (a)(2) hereto,
respectively. This Schedule TO is being filed on behalf of the Purchaser and Gilead. The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase, including Schedule I thereto, and the Letter of
Transmittal, are hereby incorporated by reference in answer to Items 1-9 and 11 of this Schedule TO. 

ITEM 10. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

        Not Applicable. 

ITEM 12. EXHIBITS  

(a)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated December 16, 2002.

(a)(2)

Form of Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(3)

Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(4)

Form of Letter from the Dealer Manager to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(5)

Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(6)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(7)

Joint Press Release issued by Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on December 4, 2002.

(a)(8)

Summary Newspaper Advertisement published in The Wall Street Journal on December 16, 2002.

(b)

Not applicable.

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 3, 2002, by and among Gilead Sciences, Inc., Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(2)

Form of Stockholder Agreement (including agreement to tender), dated as of December 3, 2002, among Gilead Sciences, Inc., Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc. and selected stockholders of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(3)

Form of Stockholder Agreement (including agreement to tender and agreement to vote to adopt the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 3, 2002, among Gilead Sciences, Inc., Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc. and selected stockholders of Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(4)

Confidentiality Agreement, dated November 1, 2002, between Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(5)

7.50% Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 9, 2002, between Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(6)

Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2002, between Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(g)

Not applicable.

(h)

Not applicable.

SIGNATURES    

        After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct. 

SIMBOLO ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

By:

/s/ 
JOHN MILLIGAN

Name:

John Milligan, Ph.D.

Title:

President

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.

By:

/s/ 
JOHN C. MARTIN

Name:

John C. Martin

Title:

President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: December 16, 2002

INDEX TO EXHIBITS    

Exhibit No.

Document

(a)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated December 16, 2002.

(a)(2)

Form of Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(3)

Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(4)

Form of Letter from the Dealer Manager to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(5)

Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(6)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(7)

Joint Press Release issued by Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on December 4, 2002.

(a)(8)

Summary Newspaper Advertisement published in The Wall Street Journal on December 16, 2002.

(b)

Not applicable.

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 3, 2002, by and among Gilead Sciences, Inc., Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(2)

Form of Stockholder Agreement (including agreement to tender), dated as of December 3, 2002, among Gilead Sciences, Inc., Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc. and selected stockholders of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(3)

Form of Stockholder Agreement (including agreement to tender and agreement to vote to adopt the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 3, 2002, among Gilead Sciences, Inc., Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc. and selected stockholders of
Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(4)

Confidentiality Agreement, dated November 1, 2002, between Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(5)

7.50% Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 9, 2002, between Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d)(6)

Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2002, between Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(g)

Not applicable.

(h)

Not applicable.

QuickLinks

SIGNATURES

INDEX TO EXHIBITS

EX-99.(A)(1)

a2096276zex-99_a1.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(1)  

Offer to Purchase for Cash

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock  

 of  

 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

 by  

 Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc.,

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Gilead Sciences, Inc.  

 at  

 $6.00 Net per Share

THE OFFER (AS DEFINED HEREIN) AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS
EXTENDED.

        Pursuant
to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 3, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Gilead"),
Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead (the "Purchaser"), and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Triangle"),
the Purchaser is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Triangle at a price of $6.00 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest
thereon (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, which, together with
any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer" described in this Offer to Purchase. Following the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of Triangle common stock in
the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of each of the applicable conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Triangle (the "Merger"), with Triangle
surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of Triangle common stock (other than shares owned by Gilead, the Purchaser, Triangle or
any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead or Triangle, or by any stockholder of Triangle who is entitled to and properly exercises appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to
receive the Offer Price. 

        Triangle's
board of directors has, at a meeting held on December 3, 2002, by the unanimous vote of all directors of Triangle, (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are in the best interests of Triangle and its stockholders, (ii) approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law and (iii) declared that the Merger Agreement is advisable.
Accordingly, Triangle's board of directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of Triangle accept the Offer and tender their shares of Triangle common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer and,
if required, vote to adopt the Merger Agreement. 

        The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in
this Offer to Purchase) of the Offer shares of Triangle common stock that, together with any shares of Triangle common stock then owned by Gilead or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead (including
the Purchaser), represent greater than 50% of the "Adjusted Outstanding Share Number," which is defined in the Merger Agreement as the sum of all then-outstanding shares of Triangle common 

stock, plus, at the election of Gilead, an additional number of shares of Triangle common stock up to but not exceeding the aggregate number of shares of Triangle common stock issuable upon the
exercise of any outstanding option that is vested or is expected to become vested (other than by reason of the Merger) on or before June 1, 2003, or any warrant or other right to acquire
capital stock of Triangle, or upon the conversion of any security convertible into capital stock of Triangle. (The foregoing condition is referred to as the "Minimum Condition" in this Offer to
Purchase). The
Offer is also subject to other conditions described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

        Certain
of Triangle's directors and certain additional stockholders of Triangle have entered into stockholder agreements with Gilead and the Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed,
in their respective capacities as stockholders of Triangle, to tender all of their shares of Triangle common stock, as well as any additional shares of Triangle common stock which they may acquire
(pursuant to Triangle stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. The parties to certain of those stockholder agreements have also agreed to vote all of their shares of Triangle common
stock in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement and otherwise in favor of the Merger. As of December 3, 2002, the stockholders who executed stockholder agreements held in the aggregate
31,574,469 shares of Triangle common stock, which represented approximately 41% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock as of that date. Of such shares of Triangle common stock, 30,906,949
shares, which represented approximately 40% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock as of that date, were held by stockholders whose Stockholder Agreements also contained the voting
provisions described above. The stockholder agreements provide that they terminate upon any termination of the Merger Agreement. 

IMPORTANT    

        Any stockholder of Triangle who desires to tender all or any portion of such stockholder's shares of Triangle common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer should
either (i) complete and sign the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) for the Offer, which is enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, in accordance with the instructions contained in
the Letter of Transmittal (having such stockholder's signature on the Letter of Transmittal guaranteed if required by Instruction 1 to the Letter of Transmittal), mail or deliver the Letter of
Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) and any other required documents to the depositary for the Offer, Mellon Investor Services LLC (the "Depositary"), and either deliver the certificates
representing such shares to the Depositary along with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) or tender such shares by book-entry transfer by following the procedures
described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase, in each case prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer or
(ii) request such stockholder's broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the transaction for such stockholder. Any stockholder of Triangle with shares of Triangle common
stock registered in the name of a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee must contact that institution in order to tender such shares to the Purchaser in the Offer. 

        Any
stockholder of Triangle who desires to tender shares of Triangle common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer and whose certificates representing such shares are not immediately
available, or who cannot comply in a timely manner with the procedures for tendering shares by book-entry transfer, or who cannot deliver all required documents to the Depositary prior to
the Expiration Date of the Offer, may tender such shares to the Purchaser in the Offer by following the
procedures for guaranteed delivery described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

        Questions
regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager for the Offer at their respective
addresses and telephone numbers listed below. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and other related materials may be obtained from
the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager. 

The
Information Agent for the Offer is: 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.

17 State Street, 10
th
 Floor

New York, NY 10004  

 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 440-9800

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 295-4328  

The Dealer Manager for the Offer is: 

Goldman, Sachs & Co.

85 Broad Street

New York, NY 10004  

 Call Collect: (212) 902-1000

Call Toll Free: (800) 323-5678  

    

Page

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

INTRODUCTION

THE TENDER OFFER

1.

Terms of the Offer

2.

Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer

3.

Withdrawal Rights

4.

Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares of Triangle Common Stock

5.

Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences

6.

Price Range of Shares of Triangle Common Stock; Dividends on Shares of Triangle Common Stock

7.

Effect of the Offer on the Market for Triangle Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Triangle Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Triangle Common Stock; Margin Regulations

8.

Certain Information Concerning Triangle

9.

Certain Information Concerning the Purchaser and Gilead

10.

Source and Amount of Funds

11.

Background of the Offer

12.

Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Triangle; The Merger Agreement; The Stockholder Agreements; The Convertible Loan

13.

Certain Conditions to the Offer

14.

Certain Legal Matters

15.

Fees and Expenses

16.

Miscellaneous

SCHEDULE I Directors and Executive Officers of the Purchaser and Gilead

S-1

SUMMARY TERM SHEET    

        We are Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., and we are making an offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Triangle"). The following are some of the questions you, as a stockholder of Triangle, may have about our offer and our answers to those questions. This Summary Term
Sheet provides important and material information about our offer that is described in more detail elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase, but this Summary Term Sheet may not include all of the
information about our offer that is important to you. We urge you to carefully read the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal for our offer because the information in this
Summary Term Sheet is not complete. Additional important information about our offer is contained in the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal for our offer. We have
included cross-references in this Summary Term Sheet to other sections of this Offer to Purchase to direct you to the sections of this Offer to Purchase in which a more complete description of the
topics covered in this Summary Term Sheet appear. 

Who is offering to buy my Triangle shares?  

        Our name is Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc. We are a Delaware corporation organized as a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc. ("Gilead")
for the sole purpose of making a tender offer for the outstanding shares of common stock of Triangle. Gilead is an independent biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and
commercialization of antivirals, antibacterials and antifungals to treat life-threatening infectious diseases. See Introduction and Section 9 (Certain Information Concerning the
Purchaser and Gilead) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How many shares of Triangle common stock are you offering to purchase?  

        We are making an offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Triangle. See Introduction and Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this
Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How much are you offering to pay for my shares of Triangle common stock, what is the form of payment and will I have to pay any fees or commissions if I tender my shares in
your offer?  

        We are offering to pay $6.00 per share, net to you, in cash (without interest) for each of your shares of Triangle common stock. If you are the record owner of
your shares and you tender them in our offer, you will not have to pay any brokerage fees or similar expenses to do so. If you own your shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker
tenders your shares in our offer on your behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether it will charge you a fee for
tendering your shares in our offer. See Introduction and Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Do you have the financial resources to pay for all of the shares of Triangle common stock that you are offering to purchase?  

        Yes.    Our parent company, Gilead, will contribute to us sufficient funds to pay for all of the shares of Triangle common stock that are accepted for
payment by us in our offer, and to make payments for all shares of Triangle common stock that are not accepted for payment in our offer and that will be converted into the right to receive $6.00 per
share in cash (without interest) in the merger described below following the successful completion of our offer. Gilead expects to use its cash on hand and cash equivalents to make this contribution.
Our offer is not conditioned upon any financing contingencies. See Section 10 (Source and Amount of Funds) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Is your financial condition relevant to my decision whether to tender my shares of Triangle common stock in your offer?  

        No.    We do not believe that our financial condition is relevant to your decision whether to tender your shares of Triangle common stock in our offer
because: 


cash
is the only consideration that we are paying to the holders of Triangle common stock in connection with our offer;


we
are offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock in our offer;


our
offer is not subject to any financing contingencies; and


Gilead
has sufficient cash on hand and cash equivalents to provide us with the amount of cash consideration payable to holders of Triangle common stock in
our offer and the merger described below. 

        See
Section 10 (Source and Amount of Funds) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

What are the terms of the convertible loan that Gilead has made to Triangle?  

        On December 9, 2002, Gilead loaned $50,000,000 to Triangle, to help fund Triangle's working capital needs and for other corporate purposes pending the
successful completion of our offer, pursuant to an obligation to provide such funds that was set forth in the merger agreement. The loan is unsecured and Gilead holds no security interest in any
Triangle assets. Triangle's obligation to repay such loan is evidenced by a 7.50% Convertible Promissory Note, pursuant to which Gilead will become entitled to convert principal and accrued and unpaid
interest under the convertible loan into Triangle common stock at a price of $6.90 per share after December 9, 2003. Contemporaneously with the provision of the convertible loan and the execution of
the convertible note, Gilead and Triangle entered into an investor rights agreement providing Gilead with certain rights associated with its possible acquisition and ownership of Triangle common
stock. (We sometimes refer to the convertible promissory note and the investor rights agreement as the "financing documents" in this Offer to Purchase.) Portions of the convertible loan may be
forgiven by Gilead under certain circumstances set forth in the merger agreement. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Triangle; The Merger Agreement; The Stockholder
Agreements; The Convertible Loan) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How long do I have to tender my shares of Triangle common stock in your offer?  

        Unless we extend our offer, you will have until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on January 15, 2003, to tender your shares of Triangle common stock in
our offer. If you cannot deliver everything that is required to tender your shares by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed delivery procedure to tender your shares, as described in
Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

What are the most significant conditions to your offer?  

        We are not obligated to purchase any shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in our offer unless, prior to the expiration of our offer, the number of
shares validly tendered in accordance
with the terms of our offer and not withdrawn, together with any shares of Triangle common stock then owned by Gilead or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead (including us), represent greater than
50% of the "adjusted outstanding share number," which is defined in the merger agreement as the sum of all then-outstanding shares of Triangle common stock, plus, at the election of
Gilead, an additional number of shares of Triangle common stock up to but not 

exceeding the aggregate number of shares of Triangle common stock issuable upon the exercise of any outstanding option that is vested or is expected to become vested (other than by reason of the
merger) on or before June 1, 2003, or any warrant or other right to acquire capital stock of Triangle, or upon the conversion of any security convertible into capital stock of Triangle. (The
foregoing condition is referred to as the "minimum condition.") 

        Our
offer is not subject to any financing contingencies, but it is subject to a number of other conditions, including conditions with respect to the accuracy of Triangle's
representations and warranties in the merger agreement as of the date of the merger agreement, the expiration or termination of the waiting period applicable to our offer under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, Triangle's compliance in all material respects with its covenants set forth in the merger agreement, and the absence of any legal
proceeding involving a governmental body related to our offer or the merger. See Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information about these and
other conditions to our offer. 

        We
can waive any condition to our offer without Triangle's consent, other than the minimum condition. 

Under what circumstances can or must you extend your offer?  

        We are permitted to (but not required to) extend our offer beyond its initial expiration date of January 15, 2003: 


for
any period required by any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission applicable to our offer;


for
such amount of time as we determine to be necessary to permit all of the conditions to our offer to be satisfied; and


for
an additional period of not more than ten business days, if the minimum condition has been satisfied, but the sum of the number of shares of Triangle
common stock that have been validly tendered and not withdrawn in our offer as of the scheduled or any extended expiration date of our
offer, together with any shares of Triangle common stock then owned by Gilead or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead (including us), represents less than 90% of the outstanding number of shares of
Triangle common stock as of that date. 

        In
addition, we are required, upon the written request of Triangle prior to January 15, 2003, or prior to any subsequent date as of which our offer is scheduled to expire, if any
condition to our offer has not been satisfied or waived, to extend our offer from time to time for such period of time (but in each case not more than 15 business days) as Triangle reasonably
requests. However, we are not required to extend our offer beyond June 1, 2003. 

        See
Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

        At
our option, we may (but are not required to) also provide for a subsequent offering period, and one or more extensions thereof, following the expiration of and acceptance for payment
of shares tendered in our offer. During any subsequent offering period, if there is one, you could tender your shares to us for the same offer price payable in our offer. See Section 1 (Terms
of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How will I be notified if you extend your offer?  

        If we extend our offer, we will inform the Depositary, Mellon Investor Services LLC, of that fact and will make a public announcement of the extension not later
than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the day on which our offer was previously scheduled to expire. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to
Purchase for more information. 

How do I tender my shares of Triangle common stock in your offer?  

        To tender all or any portion of your shares of Triangle common stock in our offer, you must either deliver the certificate or certificates representing your
tendered shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature
guarantees, and any other required documents, to the Depositary, Mellon Investor Services LLC, or tender your shares using the book-entry procedure described in Section 2
(Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer), prior to the expiration of our offer. 

        If
you hold your shares of Triangle common stock in street name through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee and you wish to tender all or any portion of your shares of
Triangle common stock in our offer, the broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee that holds your shares must tender them on your behalf through the Depositary. 

        If
you cannot deliver the items that are required to be delivered to the Depositary by the expiration of our offer, you may obtain additional time to do so by having a broker, bank or
other fiduciary that is a member of the Securities Transfer Agent's Medallion Program or other eligible institution guarantee that the missing items will be received by the Depositary within three
Nasdaq National Market trading days. You may use the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery enclosed with this Offer to Purchase for this purpose. To tender shares of Triangle common stock in this manner,
however, the Depositary must receive the missing items within such three trading day period. See Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer
to Purchase for more information. 

Can I withdraw shares that I previously tendered in your offer? Until what time may I withdraw previously tendered shares?  

        Yes.    You can withdraw some or all of the shares of Triangle common stock that you previously tendered in our offer at any time until the expiration
date of our offer as it may be extended. Further, if we have not accepted your shares for payment by February 14, 2003, you can withdraw them at any time after February 14, 2003. Once we
accept your tendered shares for payment upon the expiration of our offer, however, you will no longer be able to withdraw them. In addition, your right to withdraw your previously tendered and
accepted shares will not apply to any subsequent offering period (which is not the same as an extension of our offer), if one is provided. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) and
Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How do I withdraw my previously tendered shares?  

        To withdraw any shares of Triangle common stock that you previously tendered in our offer, you (or, if your shares are held in street name, the broker, dealer,
bank, trust company or other nominee that holds your shares) must deliver a written notice of withdrawal (or a facsimile copy of one), with the required information, to the Depositary while you still
have the right to withdraw your shares. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) and Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Has Triangle's board of directors approved your offer?  

        Yes.    Our offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 3, 2002, by and among Gilead, Triangle and us.
Triangle's board of directors has, by the unanimous vote of all directors of Triangle: 


determined
that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including our offer and the merger contemplated by the merger agreement, are
in the best interests of Triangle and its stockholders;


approved
and adopted the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including our offer and the merger contemplated by the merger agreement
in accordance with applicable law; and


declared
that the merger agreement is advisable. 

        Accordingly,
Triangle's board of directors unanimously recommends that you accept our offer and tender your shares of Triangle common stock pursuant to our offer and, if required, vote
to adopt the merger agreement. 

        The
factors considered by Triangle's board of directors in making the determinations and the recommendation described above are described in Triangle's Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is being mailed to the stockholders of Triangle with this Offer to Purchase. 

        Banc
of America Securities LLC, which acted as the financial advisor to Triangle's board of directors, delivered an opinion to Triangle's board of directors, dated December 3,
2002, to the effect that, as of that date, based upon and subject to the assumptions made, the procedures followed, other matters considered and the limitations of the review undertaken in its
opinion, the offer price to be paid to stockholders whose shares of Triangle common stock are accepted for payment in our offer and to be paid to stockholders in the merger was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of shares of Triangle common stock. Stockholders of Triangle are urged to, and should, carefully read Triangle's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9 and the opinion of Banc of America Securities LLC in their entirety. 

Have any stockholders of Triangle already agreed to tender their shares in your offer?  

        Yes.    As noted above, certain of Triangle's directors and certain additional stockholders of Triangle have entered into stockholder agreements with
Gilead and us pursuant to which they have agreed, in their respective capacities as stockholders of Triangle, to tender all of their shares of Triangle common stock, as well as any additional shares
of Triangle common stock which they may acquire (pursuant to Triangle stock options or otherwise), to us in our offer. The parties to certain of those stockholder agreements have also agreed to vote
all of their shares of Triangle common stock in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and otherwise in favor of the Merger. As of December 3, 2002, the stockholders who executed stockholder
agreements held in the aggregate 31,574,469 shares of Triangle common stock, which represented approximately 41% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock as of that date. Of such shares of
Triangle common stock, 30,906,949 shares, which represented approximately 40% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock as of that date, were held by stockholders whose Stockholder Agreements
also contained the voting provisions described above. The stockholder agreements provide that they terminate upon any termination of the merger agreement. 

What are your plans if you successfully complete your offer but do not acquire all of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock in your offer?  

        If we successfully complete our offer and certain limited conditions are satisfied, as soon as practicable following the successful completion of our offer, we
intend to merge with and into Triangle. As a result of that merger, (i) all of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock that are not tendered in our offer, other than shares that are
owned by Gilead, Triangle or us (or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead or Triangle) and any shares that are owned by any stockholder of Triangle who is entitled to and properly exercises appraisal
rights under Delaware law in respect of their shares, will be canceled and converted into the right to receive $6.00 per share in cash (without interest) and (ii) all of our issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock which are owned by Gilead will be converted into a number of shares of Triangle common stock equal to the number obtained by dividing the number of shares of
Triangle common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the merger by 100, as a result of which Gilead will own all of the issued and outstanding shares of Triangle. 

        Our
obligation to merge with Triangle following the successful completion of our offer is conditioned on the adoption of the merger agreement by Triangle's stockholders under Delaware
law (if required) and no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of the merger having been issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction and remaining in effect, and there not being any legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the merger that makes completion of the merger illegal. If we successfully complete our
offer, we will hold a sufficient number of shares of Triangle common stock to ensure the requisite adoption of the merger agreement by Triangle stockholders under Delaware law to complete the merger.
In
addition, if we own at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock, we will not be required to obtain stockholder approval to complete the merger. 

If you successfully complete your offer, what will happen to Triangle's board of directors?  

        If we successfully complete our offer, under the merger agreement we are entitled to designate at least a majority of the members of Triangle's board of
directors. In such case Triangle has agreed (to the extent requested by Gilead) to use its reasonable best efforts to cause Gilead's designees to be elected or appointed to its board of directors in
such number as is proportionate to Gilead's share ownership. Therefore, if we successfully complete our offer, Gilead will obtain control over the management of Triangle shortly thereafter. However,
we and Gilead have also agreed in the merger agreement that Triangle will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that at least two of the members of Triangle's board of directors, at all times
prior to the completion of the merger, are individuals who were directors of Triangle on December 3, 2002, the date of the merger agreement. After the election or appointment of the directors
designated by Gilead to Triangle's board of directors and prior to the completion of the merger, under the terms of the merger agreement, the approval of the individuals who were directors of Triangle
on December 3, 2002 (or their successors) will be required to authorize any of the following actions of Triangle, to the extent the action in question could reasonably be expected to affect
adversely the holders of shares of Triangle common stock (other than Gilead or us): (i) any action by Triangle with respect to any amendment or waiver of any term or condition of the merger
agreement, the merger, the financing documents or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Triangle; (ii) any termination or rescission of the merger agreement, the merger or the financing
documents by Triangle; (iii) any extension by Triangle of the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of Gilead or us, or any waiver or assertion of any of Triangle's
rights under the merger agreement or the financing documents; or (iv) any other consent or action by Triangle's board of directors with respect to the merger agreement, the merger or the
financing documents. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer 

and the Merger; Plans for Triangle; The Merger Agreement; The Stockholder Agreements; The Convertible Loan) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

If I decide not to tender my shares of Triangle common stock in your offer, how will your offer affect my shares?  

        If we successfully complete our offer, but you do not tender your shares in our offer, and the merger takes place, your shares will be canceled and converted into
the right to receive the same amount of cash that you would have received had you tendered your shares in our offer (without interest), subject to your right to pursue your appraisal rights under
Delaware law. Therefore, if we complete the merger, unless you perfect your appraisal rights under Delaware law, the only difference to you between having your shares accepted for payment in our offer
and not doing so is that you will be paid earlier if you have your shares accepted for payment in our offer. 

        If
we successfully complete our offer, then until such time thereafter as we complete the merger, the number of stockholders of Triangle and the number of shares of Triangle common stock
that remain in the hands of the public may be so small that there may no longer be an active public trading market (or, possibly, any public trading market) for such shares. Also, shares of Triangle
common stock may no longer be eligible to be traded on The Nasdaq National Market or any other securities exchange, and Triangle may cease making filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or
otherwise cease being required to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules relating to publicly held companies. See Section 7 (Effect of the Offer on the Market for Triangle
Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Triangle Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Triangle Common Stock; Margin Regulations) and Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for
Triangle; The Merger Agreement; The Stockholder Agreements; The Convertible Loan) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Are appraisal rights available in either your offer or the merger?  

        Appraisal rights are not available in connection with our offer. If you choose not to tender your shares of Triangle common stock in our offer, however, and we
purchase shares of Triangle common stock in our offer, appraisal rights will be available to you in connection with our merger with and into Triangle. If you choose to exercise your appraisal rights
in connection with the merger, and you comply with the applicable requirements under Delaware law, you will be entitled to payment for your shares based on a fair and independent appraisal of the
value of your shares as of December 3, 2002, the date prior to public announcement of the proposed transaction with Gilead. This value may be more or less than the $6.00 per share that we are
offering to pay you for your shares in our offer or that you would otherwise receive in the Merger. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Triangle; The Merger
Agreement; The Stockholder Agreements; The Convertible Loan) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

What are the United States federal income tax consequences of having my shares of Triangle common stock accepted for payment in your offer or receiving cash in the merger?  

        The receipt of cash pursuant to our offer (or the merger) will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. Generally, for United States federal income tax purposes, a
stockholder having shares of Triangle common stock accepted for payment in our offer or receiving cash in the merger will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash
received by the stockholder in our offer (or the merger) and the stockholder's aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered by the stockholder and accepted for payment in our offer (or
converted into cash in the merger). Gain or loss will be calculated separately for each block of shares tendered and accepted for payment in 

our offer (or converted into cash in the merger). See Section 5 (Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them (including the application and effect of any state,
local or foreign income and other tax laws) of our offer and the merger.

What is the market value of my shares of Triangle common stock?  

        On December 3, 2002, the last trading day before Gilead and Triangle announced that they had entered into the merger agreement, the last sale price of
shares of Triangle common stock reported on The Nasdaq National Market was $4.50 per share; therefore, the offer price of $6.00 per share represents a premium of 33.33% over the closing price of
Triangle shares before announcement of the merger agreement. On December 13, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of our offer, the last sale price of shares of Triangle
common stock reported on The Nasdaq National Market was $5.86 per share. We advise you to obtain a recent quotation for shares of Triangle common stock when deciding whether to tender your shares in
our offer. See Section 6 (Price Range of Shares of Triangle Common Stock; Dividends on Shares of Triangle Common Stock) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Whom can I contact if I have questions about your offer?  

        You should contact the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager for our offer at their respective addresses and telephone numbers listed below if you have any
questions about our offer. 

The
Information Agent for the Offer is: 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.

17 State Street, 10
th
 Floor

New York, NY 10004  

 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 440-9800

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 295-4328  

The Dealer Manager for the Offer is: 

Goldman, Sachs & Co.

85 Broad Street

New York, NY 10004  

 Call Collect: (212) 902-1000

Call Toll Free: (800) 323-5678

To:    The Holders of Common Stock of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: 

INTRODUCTION    

        Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Gilead"), hereby offers to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Triangle"), at a price of $6.00 per share, net to the seller in cash (without interest thereon) (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase
and the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, which, together with any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer" described in this Offer to
Purchase. 

        Tendering
Triangle stockholders whose shares of Triangle common stock are registered in their own names and who tender their shares directly to Mellon Investor Services LLC, which is
acting as the Depositary for the Offer, will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions in connection with the Offer or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 to the Letter of Transmittal
for the Offer, transfer taxes on the sale of the shares in the Offer. A stockholder of Triangle who holds shares of Triangle common stock through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee
should consult with such institution to determine whether it will charge any service fees for tendering such stockholder's shares to the Purchaser in the Offer. 

        The
Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses of the Depositary, Goldman, Sachs & Co., which is acting as the dealer manager for the Offer (the "Dealer Manager"), and Georgeson
Shareholder Communications Inc., which is acting as the information agent for the Offer (the "Information Agent"), incurred in connection with the Offer. See Section 15 (Fees and
Expenses) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

        The
Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 3, 2002, by and among Gilead, the Purchaser and Triangle (the "Merger Agreement")
pursuant to which, following the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and
into Triangle (the "Merger"), with Triangle surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of Triangle common stock (other than shares
owned by Gilead, the Purchaser, Triangle or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead or Triangle, or by any stockholder of Triangle who is entitled to and properly exercises appraisal rights under
Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, without interest thereon. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Triangle; The Merger
Agreement; The Stockholder Agreements; The Convertible Loan) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Triangle's board of directors has, at a meeting held on December 3, 2002, by the unanimous vote of all directors of Triangle, (i) determined that
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are in the best interests of Triangle and its stockholders, (ii) approved and adopted the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, in accordance with the DGCL (as defined below) and (iii) declared that the Merger Agreement is
advisable. Accordingly, Triangle's board of directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of Triangle accept the Offer and tender their shares of Triangle common stock to the Purchaser in the
Offer and, if required, vote to adopt the Merger Agreement.

        The
factors considered by Triangle's board of directors in making the determinations and the recommendation described above are described in Triangle's Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is being mailed to the stockholders of Triangle with this Offer to Purchase. 

        Banc
of America Securities LLC, which acted as the financial advisor to Triangle's board of directors, delivered an opinion to Triangle's board of directors, dated December 3,
2002, to the effect that, as of that date, based upon and subject to the assumptions made, the procedures followed, other matters considered and the limitations of the review undertaken in its
opinion, the Offer Price to be paid to tendering stockholders in the Offer and to be paid to holders of Triangle common stock in the Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
shares of Triangle common stock. Stockholders of Triangle are urged to, and should, carefully read Triangle's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 and the opinion
of Banc of America Securities LLC in their entirety. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the
Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of this Offer to Purchase) of the Offer (excluding shares tendered by notice of guaranteed delivery that have not been delivered to the Depositary by
the Expiration Date) shares of Triangle common stock that, together with any shares of Triangle common stock then owned by Gilead or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead (including the Purchaser),
represent greater than 50% of the "Adjusted Outstanding Share Number," which is defined in the Merger Agreement as the sum of all then-outstanding shares of Triangle common stock, plus, at the
election of Gilead, an additional number of shares of Triangle common stock up to but not exceeding the aggregate number of shares of Triangle common stock issuable upon the exercise of any
outstanding option that is vested or is expected to
become vested (other than by reason of the Merger) on or before June 1, 2003, or any warrant or other right to acquire capital stock of Triangle, or upon the conversion of any security
convertible into capital stock of Triangle. (The foregoing condition is referred to as the "Minimum Condition.") The Offer is also subject to other conditions described in Section 13 (Certain
Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase.

        Certain
of Triangle's directors and certain additional stockholders of Triangle have entered into stockholder agreements with Gilead and the Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed,
in their respective capacities as stockholders of Triangle, to tender all of their shares of Triangle common stock, as well as any additional shares of Triangle common stock which they may acquire
(pursuant to Triangle stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. The parties to certain of those stockholder agreements have also agreed to vote all of their shares of Triangle common
stock in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement and otherwise in favor of the Merger. As of December 3, 2002, the stockholders who executed stockholder agreements held in the aggregate
31,574,469 shares of Triangle common stock, which represented approximately 41% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock as of that date. Of such shares of Triangle common stock, 30,906,949
shares, which represented approximately 40% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock as of that date, were held by stockholders whose Stockholder Agreements also contained the voting
provisions described above. The stockholder agreements provide that they terminate upon any termination of the Merger Agreement. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for
Triangle; The Merger Agreement; The Stockholder Agreements; The Convertible Loan) of this Offer to Purchase. 

        Completion
of the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including (i) the acceptance for payment of, and payment for, shares of Triangle common stock
by the Purchaser in the Offer and (ii) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock, if
required by applicable law. If the Offer is successfully completed, the Purchaser will have sufficient voting power to adopt the Merger Agreement without the vote of any other holder of Triangle
common stock. In addition, if the Purchaser owns 90% or more of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock, under applicable law, the Purchaser and Gilead will be able to complete the Merger
without adoption of the Merger Agreement by the holders of Triangle common stock. In such event, under 

the terms of the Merger Agreement, Gilead, the Purchaser and Triangle have agreed to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable without a
stockholders' meeting. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Triangle; The Merger Agreement; The Stockholder Agreements; The Convertible Loan) of this Offer to Purchase
for more information. 

        Triangle
has informed the Purchaser that, as of December 3, 2002, there were: (i) 76,904,133 shares of Triangle common stock issued and outstanding; (ii) 10,953,922
shares of Triangle common stock subject to outstanding options (of which 4,371,509 are vested or are expected to become vested (other than by reason of the Merger) on or before June 1, 2003);
(iii) 300,000 shares of Triangle common stock subject to an outstanding warrant to purchase shares of Triangle common stock from Triangle; and (iv) no shares of Triangle common stock
issuable upon the conversion of outstanding Triangle securities (other than the options and warrants described above). Based upon
the foregoing, the Minimum Condition will be satisfied if between 38,452,067 shares of Triangle common stock (assuming that Gilead elects to include only outstanding shares of Triangle common
stock in calculating Triangle's Adjusted Outstanding Share Number) and 40,787,822 shares of Triangle common stock (assuming that Gilead elects to include both outstanding shares of Triangle
common stock and the maximum permissible number of options and warrants in calculating Triangle's Adjusted Outstanding Share Number) are validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date
of the Offer. The actual number of shares of Triangle common stock that are required to be tendered to satisfy the Minimum Condition will depend upon the actual Adjusted Outstanding Share Number as
determined by Gilead. 

        Certain
U.S. federal income tax consequences of the sale of the shares of Triangle common stock purchased by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer and the conversion of shares of Triangle
common stock pursuant to the Merger are described in Section 5 (Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences) of this Offer to Purchase. 

        If,
between the date of the Merger Agreement and the date on which any particular share of Triangle common stock is accepted for payment and paid for pursuant to the Offer, the
outstanding shares of Triangle common stock are changed into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split,
consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, then the Offer Price applicable to such share will be appropriately adjusted. 

This Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer contain important information about the Offer and should be read carefully and in their
entirety before any decision is made with respect to the Offer.

THE TENDER OFFER    

1.    Terms of the Offer  

        Upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or
amendment), the Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all shares of Triangle common stock that are validly tendered on or prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer and not theretofore
withdrawn in accordance with the procedures for withdrawal described in Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase. The term "Expiration Date" as used in this Offer to Purchase
means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on January 15, 2003, unless and until the Purchaser extends the period of time during which the Offer is open in accordance with the terms of the
Merger Agreement, in which event the term Expiration
Date of the Offer as used in this Offer to Purchase will mean the latest time at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. 

        Under
the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon the written request of Triangle prior to January 15, 2003, the Purchaser is obligated to extend the Offer, by giving oral or written
notice of such extension to the Depositary, for such period of time (not more than 15 business days) as Triangle reasonably requests if the Minimum Condition or any other conditions to the Offer
provided for in the Merger Agreement (the "Offer Conditions") have not been satisfied or waived by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on January 15, 2003, the initial Expiration Date of the
Offer. In addition, if on any subsequent date as of which the Offer is scheduled to expire, any of the Offer Conditions has not been satisfied or waived, the Purchaser must, if Triangle so requests in
writing prior to the then-scheduled Expiration Date of the Offer, extend the Offer from time to time for such period of time (but in each case not more than 15 business days) as Triangle
reasonably requests. 

        Subject
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but is not obligated under the terms of the Merger Agreement or for any other reason) to
increase the Offer Price and to waive or make any other changes to the terms and conditions of the Offer, except that, without the prior written consent of Triangle: (i) the Minimum Condition
may not be amended or waived; and (ii) no change may be made to the Offer that (A) changes the form of consideration to be paid pursuant to the Offer, (B) decreases the Offer
Price or the number of shares of Triangle common stock sought to be purchased in the Offer, (C) imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to the Offer Conditions, (D) except as
otherwise permitted by the Merger Agreement, extends the Expiration Date of the Offer beyond the initial Expiration Date of the Offer or (E) amends any other term of the Offer in a manner
adverse to the holders of Triangle common stock. 
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the Offer Price for tendered shares of Triangle common stock, regardless of any
extension of or amendment to the Offer or any delay in paying for any shares.

        If
by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on January 15, 2003 (or by any other time and date then scheduled as the Expiration Date of the Offer), any or all of the Offer
Conditions have not been satisfied or waived, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Purchaser may
(i) subject to the qualification described in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Offer to Purchase with respect to the Minimum Condition, waive all of the conditions to the Offer that
remain unsatisfied and accept for payment and pay for all shares of Triangle common stock that have been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer,
(ii) extend the Offer and, subject to the right of holders of shares of Triangle common stock previously tendered to withdraw such tendered shares at any time prior to the Expiration Date of
the Offer, retain all of the shares that have been previously tendered and not withdrawn during the period or periods for which the Offer is extended, (iii) subject to the qualifications
described in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Offer to Purchase, amend the Offer or (iv) terminate the Offer in accordance with the Merger Agreement, not accept for payment or pay
for any shares of Triangle common stock and return all previously tendered shares to the owners of such shares. 

        The
rights reserved by the Purchaser described in the two preceding paragraphs are in addition to its rights pursuant to Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer
to Purchase. Any extension of the Offer, waiver of conditions to the Offer, amendment to the Offer or termination will be followed as promptly as practicable by a public announcement thereof. An
announcement in the case of an extension will be made no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date of the Offer. Without
limiting the manner in which the Purchaser may choose to make any public announcement, subject to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and
14e-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which require that material changes be promptly disseminated to holders of shares of Triangle common
stock), the Purchaser will have no obligation to publish, advertise or otherwise communicate any such public announcement other than by 

issuing a release to the PR Newswire and/or Dow Jones news services. The phrase "business day" as used in this paragraph has the meaning set forth in Rule 14d-1 under the Exchange
Act. 

        In
the event that the Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the Offer or the information concerning the Offer, or waives a material condition to the Offer, the Purchaser will
disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act. The
minimum period during which the Offer must remain open following a material change in the terms of the Offer or information concerning the Offer, other than a change in price or a change in the
percentage of securities sought, will depend upon the facts and circumstances then existing, including the relative materiality of the changed terms or information. With respect to a change in price
or a change in the percentage of securities sought, a minimum period of ten business days is generally required under the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission to
allow for adequate dissemination to stockholders. 

        Under
Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act and subject to the conditions described in the following paragraph of this Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may elect to provide
for a subsequent offering period, immediately following the Expiration Date of the Offer, of not fewer than three business days nor more than twenty business days in length. If provided, a subsequent
offering period would be an additional period of time, following the Expiration Date of the Offer and the acceptance for payment of, and the payment for, any shares of Triangle common stock that are
validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, during which holders of shares of Triangle common stock that were not previously tendered in the Offer may
tender such shares to the Purchaser in exchange for the Offer Price on the same terms that applied to the Offer. A subsequent offering period is not the same as an extension of the Offer, which will
have been previously completed if a subsequent offering period is provided. The Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of Triangle common stock that are validly tendered to the
Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, as promptly as practicable after any such shares are validly tendered to the Purchaser during such subsequent offering period, for the same
price paid to holders of shares of Triangle common stock that were validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, net to the holders thereof in cash.
Holders of shares of Triangle common stock that are validly tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, will not have the right to withdraw such tendered shares. 

        Under
Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act, the Purchaser may provide for a subsequent offering period so long as, among other things, (i) the initial twenty
business day period of the Offer has expired, (ii) the Purchaser offers the same form and amount of consideration for shares of Triangle common stock in the subsequent offering period that was
offered in the Offer, (iii) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for all shares of Triangle common stock that are validly tendered to the Purchaser and not withdrawn prior to the
Expiration Date of the Offer, (iv) the Purchaser announces the results of the Offer, including the approximate number and percentage of shares of Triangle common stock that were validly
tendered in the Offer, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the Expiration Date of the Offer and immediately begins the subsequent offering period and
(v) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for shares of Triangle common stock as they are tendered during the subsequent offering period. 

The Purchaser does not currently intend to provide for a subsequent offering period following the expiration of the Offer, although it reserves the right to do so
in its sole discretion.

        Triangle
has provided the Purchaser with a list and security position listings of Triangle's stockholders for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of shares of Triangle
common 

stock. This Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase and other materials related to the Offer will be mailed to record holders of shares of Triangle common
stock, and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the list of Triangle's stockholders, or, if
applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of shares of Triangle common stock. 

2.    Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer  

Valid Tender  

        For a stockholder to validly tender shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer: 


the
certificate(s) representing the tendered shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly
executed, together with any required signature guarantees (as described below under the caption "Signature Guarantees") and any other required
documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer;


in
the case of a tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described below under the caption "Book-Entry
Transfer", (i) either the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees (as described below under the caption "Signature
Guarantees"), or an Agent's Message (as described below under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer"), and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer and (ii) the shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the
book-entry transfer procedures described below under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer," and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as described below under the caption
"Book-Entry Transfer") must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer; or


the
tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described below under the caption "Guaranteed Delivery" prior to the Expiration
Date of the Offer. 

        The
valid tender of shares of Triangle common stock in accordance with one of the procedures described above will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering stockholder and the
Purchaser upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer. 

        The
method of delivery of shares of Triangle common stock to be tendered in the Offer, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility described below, is at the election and risk of the tendering stockholder. Shares of Triangle common stock to be tendered in the Offer will be deemed delivered
only when actually received by the Depositary (including, in the case of a Book-Entry Transfer, by Book-Entry Confirmation described below). If delivery of shares is made by
mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery. 

Book-Entry Transfer  

        The Depositary will establish an account with respect to the shares of Triangle common stock at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer
Facility") for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant of the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility's system may effect a book-entry delivery of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer by causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such shares into the
Depositary's account in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures for such transfer. The confirmation of a book-entry transfer of shares into the 

Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as described above is sometimes referred to in this Offer to Purchase as a "Book-Entry Confirmation." The term
"Agent's Message" as used in this Offer to Purchase means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a
Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that (i) the Book-Entry Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility tendering the shares of Triangle common stock that such participant has received, (ii) the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and
(iii) the Purchaser may enforce such agreement against such participant. 

        Although
delivery of shares of Triangle common stock may be effected through book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility, the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees (as
described below under the caption "Signature Guarantees"), or an Agent's Message (as described above), and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses
listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer to effect a valid tender of shares by book-entry. 
 Delivery of
documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures does not constitute delivery to the
Depositary.

Signature Guarantees  

        No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with shares of Triangle common stock being tendered in the Offer if
(i) the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the shares of Triangle common stock tendered with such Letter of Transmittal, unless such registered holder(s) has
completed either the box labeled Special Payment Instructions or the box labeled Special Delivery Instructions on such Letter of Transmittal or (ii) shares of Triangle common stock are tendered
for the account of a financial institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agent's Medallion Program, Nasdaq
Stock Market Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or by any other eligible guarantor institution, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15
under the Exchange Act (which are sometimes referred to as "Eligible Institutions" in this Offer to Purchase). For purposes of the foregoing, a registered holder of shares of Triangle common stock
includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's system whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of such shares. In all other cases, all signatures on
the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with shares of Triangle common stock being tendered in the Offer must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter
of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase for more information. If certificates representing shares of Triangle common stock being tendered in the Offer are registered in the name of a
person other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with such shares, or if payment is to be made or certificates representing shares of Triangle common stock not being
tendered or not accepted for payment are to be returned to a person other than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered, the tendered certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of the registered holders or owners appear on such certificates, with the signatures on such certificates or stock powers
guaranteed as aforesaid. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Guaranteed Delivery  

        If a stockholder desires to tender shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer and such stockholder's certificates representing such shares are not immediately
available, or the book-entry transfer procedures described above under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer" cannot be completed on a timely basis, or time will not permit all
required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the 

Expiration Date of the Offer, such stockholder may tender such shares of Triangle common stock if all the following conditions are met: 


such
tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution (as described above under the caption "Signature Guarantees");


a
properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, is received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer; and


either
(i) the certificates representing tendered shares of Triangle common stock being tendered in the Offer, together with the Letter of Transmittal
enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described above under the caption "Signature
Guarantees"), and any other required documents, are received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase within three trading days (as described below)
after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or (ii) in the case of a book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures
described above under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer," (1) either the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or facsimile copy of it), properly completed and
duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described above under the caption "Signature Guarantees"), or an Agent's Message (as described above under the caption "Book-Entry
Transfer"), and any other required documents, is received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase and (2) such shares are delivered pursuant
to the book-entry transfer procedures described above under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer" and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as described above under the caption
"Book-Entry Transfer") is received by the Depositary, in each case within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. For purposes of the
foregoing, a trading day is any day on which The Nasdaq National Market is open for business. 

        The
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery described above may be delivered by hand or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary, and must include a guarantee by
an Eligible Institution (as described above under the caption "Signature Guarantees") in the form set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. If delivery is by mail, registered mail with return
receipt
requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery. 

        The
method of delivery of share certificates, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents is at the option and risk of the tendering stockholder, and delivery will be made
only when actually received by the Depositary. 

Other Requirements  

        Notwithstanding any provision hereof, in all cases payment for shares of Triangle common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will be made only after
timely receipt by the Depositary of the following: 


certificates
for such shares, or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation (as described above under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer") with
respect to such shares;


the
Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature
guarantees (as described above under the caption "Signature Guarantees"), or in the case of a Book-Entry Transfer, an 

Agent's
Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal, as described above under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer"); and 


any
other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

        Accordingly,
tendering stockholders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for shares of Triangle common stock being tendered in the Offer or
Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to shares of Triangle common stock being tendered in the Offer are actually received by the Depositary. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid by the Purchaser on the Offer Price payable in respect of shares of Triangle common stock being tendered in the
Offer, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment.

Appointment  

        By executing and returning the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), or in the case of a book-entry
transfer, by delivery of an Agent's Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal as described above under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer," a stockholder tendering shares of Triangle
common stock in the Offer will be irrevocably appointing designees of the Purchaser as such stockholder's attorneys-in-fact and proxies in the manner described in the Letter of
Transmittal, each with full power of substitution, to the full extent of such stockholder's rights with respect to the shares of Triangle common stock being tendered by such stockholder and accepted
for payment by the Purchaser and with respect to any and all other shares of Triangle common stock or other securities or rights issued or issuable in respect of such shares on or after the date of
this Offer to Purchase. All such proxies will be considered coupled with an interest in the shares of Triangle common stock being tendered. Such appointment will be effective when, and only to the
extent that, the Purchaser accepts for payment the shares of Triangle common stock being tendered by such stockholder as provided in this Offer to Purchase. Upon the effectiveness of such appointment,
all prior powers of attorney, proxies and consents given by such stockholder with respect to such shares of Triangle common stock or other securities or rights will, without further action, be revoked
and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given (and, if given, will not be effective). The designees of the Purchaser will thereby be empowered to exercise all
voting and other rights with respect to such shares of Triangle common stock and other securities or rights in respect of any annual, special or adjourned meeting of Triangle's stockholders, actions
by written consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise, as they in their sole discretion deem proper. The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for shares of Triangle common
stock to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect
to such shares and other securities or rights, including voting at any meeting of stockholders. 

Determination of Validity  

        All questions as to the validity, form, eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance of any tender of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer will
be determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. The Purchaser reserves the absolute right to reject any or all tenders of shares of Triangle
common stock determined by it not to be in proper form or the acceptance for payment of or payment for which may, in the opinion of the Purchaser, be unlawful. The Purchaser also reserves the absolute
right to waive any defect or irregularity in the tender of any shares of Triangle common stock of any particular stockholder, whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in the case of
other stockholders. No tender of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects or irregularities relating thereto have been cured or waived.
None of the Purchaser, 

Gilead, Triangle, the Depositary, the Dealer Manager, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any
liability for failure to give any such notification. The Purchaser's interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the instructions thereto and any
other documents related to the Offer) will be final and binding. 

Backup Withholding  

        In order to avoid backup withholding of United States federal income tax on payments of cash in connection with the Offer, a stockholder whose shares of Triangle
common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer who is a U.S. citizen or a U.S. resident alien must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such stockholder's correct taxpayer
identification number on a Substitute Form W-9 and certify under penalty of perjury that such taxpayer identification number is correct and that such stockholder is not subject to
backup withholding. If a stockholder does not provide such stockholder's correct taxpayer identification number or fails to provide the certifications described above, the United States Internal
Revenue Service may impose a penalty on such stockholder and the payment of cash to such stockholder in connection with the Offer may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 30%. All
stockholders tendering shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer should complete and sign the main signature form and the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the Letter of
Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase to provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding (unless an applicable exemption exists and is proved in a manner
satisfactory to the Purchaser and the Depositary). Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding.
Stockholders who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. resident aliens should complete, sign and return to the Depositary the main signature form and a Form W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign
Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding, copies of which may be obtained by contacting the Depositary, to provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup
withholding. See Instruction 9 to the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase. 

3.    Withdrawal Rights  

        Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3, tenders of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer are irrevocable. Shares of Triangle common stock
that are tendered in the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures described below at any time prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer and shares that are tendered may also be withdrawn at
any time after February 14, 2003 unless accepted for payment on or before that date as provided in this Offer to Purchase. In the event that the Purchaser provides for a subsequent offering
period following the successful completion of the Offer, (i) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares tendered during such subsequent offering period and (ii) no withdrawal rights will
apply to shares that were previously tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. 

        For
a withdrawal of shares of Triangle common stock previously tendered in the Offer to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by
the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase, specifying the name of the person having tendered the shares to be withdrawn, the number of shares to be
withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who tendered the shares. If certificates for shares have been delivered or
otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such
shares have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, any and all signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If shares have been tendered pursuant to the
book-entry transfer procedures described in Section 2 of this Offer to Purchase, any notice of 

withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn shares and otherwise comply with the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures. 

        All
questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which determination will be
final and binding. None of the Purchaser, Gilead, Triangle, the Depositary, the Dealer Manager, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or
irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. 

        Withdrawals
of shares of Triangle common stock may not be rescinded. Any shares withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not have been validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However,
withdrawn shares may be re-tendered at any time prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer by following one of the procedures described in Section 2 hereof. 

4.    Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares of Triangle Common Stock  

        On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or
amendment), promptly after the Expiration Date of the Offer, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and will pay for, all shares of Triangle common stock validly tendered to the Purchaser in the Offer
and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to delay acceptance for
payment of or the payment for shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer in order to comply in whole or in part with any applicable law. Any such delays will be effected in
compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to a bidder's obligation to pay for or return tendered securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such
bidder's offer). 

        In
all cases, payment for shares of Triangle common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of: 


the
certificates representing such shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly
completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase
under the caption "Signature Guarantees"); or


in
the case of a transfer effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures as described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering
Shares of Triangle Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase under the caption "Book-Entry Transfer" a Book-Entry Confirmation and either the Letter of Transmittal
enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described in Section 2 of this Offer to
Purchase under the caption "Signature Guarantees") or an Agent's Message, and any other required documents. 

        Accordingly,
stockholders tendering shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for shares or Book-Entry
Confirmations with respect to shares are actually received by the Depositary. 

        The
per share consideration paid to any stockholder in the Offer will be the highest per share consideration paid to any other stockholder in the Offer. 

        For
purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, shares of Triangle common stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and
not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such shares. On the 

terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, payment for shares of Triangle common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with
the Depositary, which will act as an agent for stockholders tendering shares in the Offer for the purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to such stockholders whose
shares of Triangle common stock have been accepted for payment in the Offer. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the Offer Price for shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension
of, or amendment to, the Offer or any delay in paying for such shares.

        If
the Purchaser is delayed in its acceptance for payment of, or payment for, shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer, or is unable to accept for payment, or pay
for, shares that are tendered in the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchaser's rights under the Offer (but subject to compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the
Exchange Act (relating to a bidder's obligation to pay for or return tendered securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such bidder's offer) and the terms of the Merger Agreement),
the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of the Purchaser, retain shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer, and such shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent that
stockholders tendering such shares are entitled to do so as described in Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase. 

        If
any shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer are not accepted for payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Offer for any reason, the certificates for
such shares will be returned (and, if certificates are submitted for more shares than are tendered, new certificates for the shares not tendered will be sent) in each case without expense to the
stockholder tendering such shares (or, in the case of shares delivered by book-entry transfer of such shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures, such shares will be credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable after the
expiration or termination of the Offer. 

5.    Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences  

        The receipt of cash in the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (which is sometimes referred to as the "IRC" in this Offer to Purchase), and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws.
Generally, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. stockholder whose shares of Triangle common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
between the amount of cash received by the stockholder in the Offer or the Merger and the stockholder's aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered by the stockholder and accepted for payment
in the Offer or converted into cash in the Merger, as the case may be. Gain or loss will be calculated separately for each block of shares tendered and accepted for payment in the offer or converted
into cash in the merger, as the case may be. 

        If
shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer are held by a tendering U.S. stockholder as capital assets, gain or loss recognized by such stockholder will be capital
gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if such stockholder's holding period for such shares exceeds one year. In the case of a tendering non-corporate
stockholder, long-term capital gains will be eligible for a maximum United States federal income tax rate of 20%. In addition, there are limits on the deductibility of capital losses. 

        A
stockholder (other than certain exempt stockholders including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals) that tenders shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer
may be subject to 30% backup withholding unless such stockholder provides such 

stockholder's taxpayer identification number and certifies under penalty of perjury that such taxpayer identification number is correct (or properly certifies that it is awaiting a taxpayer
identification number) and certifies as to no loss of exemption from backup withholding and otherwise complies with the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. A stockholder whose
shares of Triangle common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer that does not furnish a required taxpayer identification number or which does not otherwise establish a basis for an exemption
from backup withholding may be subject to a penalty imposed by the United States Internal Revenue Service. See Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Triangle Common
Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase under the caption "Backup Withholding". Each stockholder that is tendering shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer who is a U.S. citizen or U.S.
resident alien should complete and sign the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase to provide the information and
certification necessary to avoid backup withholding. Stockholders who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. resident aliens should complete, sign and return to the Depositary a Form W-8BEN,
Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding, copies of which may be obtained by contacting the Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding. 

        If
backup withholding applies to a stockholder that is tendering shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer, the Depositary is required to withhold 30% of any amounts that would
otherwise be paid to such stockholder in connection with the Offer. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of the backup withholding can be credited against the United States
federal income tax liability of the person subject to the backup withholding, provided that the required information is given to the United States Internal Revenue Service. If backup withholding
results in an overpayment of tax, the stockholder subject to such backup withholding can obtain a refund by filing a United States federal income tax return. 

        The
foregoing description is based on the IRC, regulations issued thereunder, judicial decisions and administrative rulings, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive
effect. The foregoing description may not be applicable with respect to shares of Triangle common stock that are received pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as
compensation or with respect to holders of shares of Triangle common stock who are subject to special tax treatment under the IRC  such as non-U.S. persons, insurance
companies, dealers or brokers in securities or currencies, tax-exempt organizations and financial institutions  and may not apply to a holder of shares of Triangle common
stock in light of individual circumstances, such as holding shares of Triangle common stock as a hedge or as part of a hedging, straddle, conversion, synthetic security, integrated investment or other
risk-reduction transaction. 

Stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them (including the application and effect of any state,
local or foreign income and other tax laws) of the Offer and the Merger.

6.    Price Range of Shares of Triangle Common Stock; Dividends on Shares of Triangle Common Stock  

        Shares of Triangle common stock are listed on The Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "VIRS", and have been listed on The Nasdaq National Market at all times
since November 1, 1996. 

The following table sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices per share of Triangle common stock on The Nasdaq National Market. 

High

Low

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000:

First Quarter

$

27.25

$

11.50

Second Quarter

15.00

4.88

Third Quarter

11.06

5.00

Fourth Quarter

9.44

4.50

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001:

First Quarter

8.75

4.50

Second Quarter

6.45

3.75

Third Quarter

4.75

2.25

Fourth Quarter

4.50

2.90

Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2002:

First Quarter

5.95

3.60

Second Quarter

5.11

2.11

Third Quarter

5.20

1.69

Fourth Quarter (through December 13, 2002)

5.93

2.01

        On
December 3, 2002, the last trading day before Gilead and Triangle announced that they had entered into the Merger Agreement, the last sale price of shares of Triangle common
stock reported on The Nasdaq National Market was $4.50 per share; therefore, the Offer Price of $6.00 per share represents a premium of 33.33% over such price. On December 13, 2002, the last
full trading day prior to the commencement of the Offer, the last sale price of shares of Triangle common stock reported on The Nasdaq National Market was $5.86 per share. 

Stockholders are urged to obtain current market
quotations for shares of Triangle common stock before making a decision with respect to the Offer.

        Triangle
has not declared or paid any cash dividends since its initial public offering. In addition, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Triangle is not permitted to declare or pay
dividends in respect of shares of its common stock. 

7.    Effect of the Offer on the Market for Triangle Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Triangle Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Triangle Common Stock; Margin
Regulations  

Effect of the Offer on the Market for Triangle Common Stock  

        The purchase of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer will reduce the number of holders of shares of Triangle common stock and the number of shares of
Triangle common stock that might otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining shares of Triangle common stock held by the public. 

Nasdaq Listing of Triangle Common Stock  

        Gilead intends to cause all shares of Triangle common stock to be delisted from The Nasdaq National Market promptly upon completion of the Merger. 

        Even
if the Merger is not completed, if shares of Triangle common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer, Triangle may no longer meet the requirements for continued listing on The
Nasdaq National Market, depending upon the number of shares accepted for payment in the Offer. According to Nasdaq's published guidelines, Nasdaq would consider disqualifying shares of 

Triangle common stock for listing on The Nasdaq National Market if, among other possible grounds, the number of publicly held shares of Triangle common stock falls below 750,000, the total number of
beneficial holders of round lots of shares of Triangle common stock falls below 400, or the market value of publicly held shares of Triangle common stock over a 30-consecutive business day
period is less than $5,000,000. Shares of Triangle common stock that are held by directors or officers of Triangle, or by any beneficial owner of more than 10% of the shares of Triangle common stock,
are not considered to be publicly held for this purpose. According to Triangle, as of December 3, 2002, there were 76,904,133 shares of its common stock outstanding. If, as a result of the
purchase of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer or otherwise, the shares of Triangle common stock no longer meet the requirements of Nasdaq for continued listing and such shares are either no
longer eligible for The Nasdaq National Market or are delisted from Nasdaq altogether, the market for Triangle common stock will be adversely affected. 

        If
Nasdaq were to delist shares of Triangle common stock, the market for shares of Triangle common stock would be adversely affected. It is possible that such shares would continue to
trade on other securities exchanges or in the over-the-counter market and that price quotations would be reported by such exchanges. Under such circumstances, however, the
extent of the public market for Triangle common stock and the availability of such quotations would depend upon the number of holders of such shares remaining at such time, the level of interest in
maintaining a market in such shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of registration of such shares under the Exchange Act (as described below) and other factors. 

Exchange Act Registration of Triangle Common Stock  

        Triangle common stock is currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated upon application of Triangle to the Securities and
Exchange Commission if shares of Triangle common stock are neither listed on a national securities exchange nor held by 300 or more holders of record. Termination of registration of shares of Triangle
common stock under the Exchange Act would reduce the information required to be furnished by Triangle to its stockholders and to the Securities and Exchange Commission and would make certain
provisions of the Exchange Act no longer applicable to Triangle, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the requirement of furnishing a proxy
or information statement pursuant to sections 14(a) and 14(c) of the Exchange Act in connection with meetings of Triangle's stockholders and the related requirement of furnishing an annual report to
Triangle's stockholders, and the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to going private transactions. Furthermore, the ability of affiliates of Triangle and
persons holding restricted securities of Triangle to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 or 144A promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), may
be impaired or eliminated if Triangle common stock is no longer registered under the Exchange Act. The Purchaser intends to seek to cause Triangle to apply for termination of registration of Triangle
common stock under the Exchange Act as soon after the successful completion of the Offer as the requirements for such termination are met. 

Margin Regulations  

        Shares of Triangle common stock are currently margin securities under the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (which is sometimes
referred to as the "Federal Reserve Board" in this Offer to Purchase), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of shares of Triangle common
stock. Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and market quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, shares of Triangle common stock would no longer
constitute margin securities for the purposes of the margin regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for loans made by brokers. 

8.    Certain Information Concerning Triangle  

General  

        Triangle is a Delaware corporation with its principal offices located at 4 University Place, 4611 University Drive, Durham, North Carolina 27707. Triangle's
telephone number at that address is (919) 493-5980. Triangle was incorporated in Delaware on July 12, 1995. Triangle develops new drug candidates primarily in the antiviral
area, with a particular focus on therapies for HIV, including AIDS, and the hepatitis B virus. 

Available Information  

        Triangle is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is required to file reports and other information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Certain information as of particular dates concerning Triangle's directors and executive officers,
their remuneration, stock options and other matters, the principal holders of Triangle's securities and any material interest of such persons in transactions with Triangle is required to be disclosed
in Triangle's proxy statements distributed to Triangle's stockholders and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such reports, proxy statements and other information is available for
inspection at the public reference facilities of the Securities and Exchange Commission at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such information is obtainable, by mail, upon
payment of the Securities and Exchange Commission's customary charges, by writing to the Securities and Exchange Commission's principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The
Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site on the Internet at 
http://www.sec.gov
 that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information regarding registrants that are filed electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

        Except
as otherwise stated in this Offer to Purchase, the information concerning Triangle contained in this Offer to Purchase has been taken from or based upon publicly available
documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other publicly available information. Although
the Purchaser and Gilead do not have any knowledge that any such information is untrue, neither the Purchaser nor Gilead takes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information
or for any failure by Triangle to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information. 

9.    Certain Information Concerning the Purchaser and Gilead  

        The Purchaser is a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead. The Purchaser was organized by Gilead to acquire Triangle and has not conducted
any unrelated activities since its organization. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Purchaser are owned by Gilead. The principal office of the Purchaser is located at the same address as
Gilead's principal office listed below, and its telephone number at that address is the same telephone number as Gilead's telephone number listed below. 

        Gilead
is a Delaware corporation with its principal office located at 333 Lakeside Drive, Foster City, California 94404. Gilead's telephone number at that address is
(650) 574-3000. Gilead is an independent biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of antivirals, antibacterials and antifungals to treat
life-threatening infectious diseases. 

        The
name, citizenship, business address, present principal occupation or employment and five-year employment history of each of the directors and executive officers of the
Purchaser and Gilead are listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase. 

        During
the last five years, none of the Purchaser, Gilead or, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser and Gilead, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase
(i) has been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors) or (ii) was a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for
matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to,
federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of such laws. 

        Except
as described in this Offer to Purchase, none of the Purchaser, Gilead or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and Gilead, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this
Offer to Purchase, or any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of Gilead, the Purchaser or any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, beneficially owns any equity
security of Triangle, and none of the Purchaser, Gilead or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and Gilead, any of the other persons or entities referred to above, or any of the respective directors,
executive officers or subsidiaries of
any of the foregoing, has effected any transaction in any equity security of Triangle during the past 60 days. 

        Except
as described in this Offer to Purchase or the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by Gilead with the Securities and Exchange Commission to which this Offer to Purchase is
filed as an exhibit, (i) there have not been any contacts, transactions or negotiations between the Purchaser or Gilead, any of their respective subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the
Purchaser and Gilead, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and Triangle or any of its directors, officers or affiliates, on the other hand, that
are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and (ii) none of the Purchaser, Gilead or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and
Gilead, any of the persons listed on Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any person with respect to any securities of
Triangle. 

10.    Source and Amount of Funds  

        The Offer is not conditioned on any financing contingencies. 

        The
total amount of funds required by the Purchaser to pay for all outstanding shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer and converted into the right to receive cash
in the Merger, and to pay all fees and expenses related to the Offer and the Merger, is estimated to be approximately $485 million. The Purchaser plans to obtain all funds needed for the Offer
and the Merger through capital contributions or loans that will be made by Gilead, either directly or through one or more wholly owned subsidiaries of Gilead, to the Purchaser. Gilead expects to use
its cash on hand and cash equivalents to make this contribution. 

        The
Purchaser believes that the financial condition of Gilead and its affiliates is not material to a decision by a holder of shares of Triangle common stock whether to tender such
shares in the Offer because (i) cash is the only consideration that will be paid to the holders of Triangle common stock in connection with the Offer and the Merger, (ii) the Purchaser
is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer, (iii) the Offer is not subject to any financing contingencies and (iv) Gilead has sufficient
cash on hand and cash equivalents to provide the Purchaser with the amount of cash consideration payable to holders of Triangle common stock in the Offer and the Merger. 

11.    Background of the Offer  

        Gilead regularly evaluates different strategies to improve its competitive position and enhance stockholder value, including opportunities for acquisitions of
other companies or their assets. 

        On
or about August 8, 2001, Gilead and Triangle executed a mutual confidentiality agreement imposing confidentiality obligations on each other in connection with the evaluation or
pursuit of certain mutually beneficial business opportunities such as a possible strategic or financial transaction between the two companies. This agreement contained mutual standstill provisions
prohibiting each party for a period of 18 months from the date of the agreement from offering to acquire or acquiring (via a tender offer or otherwise) the other party, or taking certain
related actions including soliciting proxies, without the prior written consent of the other party's board of directors. 

        On
August 23, 2001, Dr. John Milligan, then the Vice President of Corporate Development of Gilead, Dr. Howard Jaffe, Senior Medical Advisor of Gilead, and Peter
Virsik, Manager, Corporate Development of Gilead, met with Dr. David Barry, then the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Triangle, and a representative of Banc of America Securities,
financial advisor to Triangle, in San Francisco to discuss the possibility of a business combination involving Triangle and Gilead or some other type of financing transaction. 

        In
late August, 2001, Robert Weiland, Director, Licensing and New Business Development, Americas of Abbott Laboratories ("Abbott"), which then held certain product rights with respect to
Coviracil under the terms of an agreement with Triangle, met with Dr. Milligan of Gilead at Abbott's headquarters in Illinois to discuss a potential three-way collaboration among
Gilead, Triangle and Abbott with respect to a possible co-formulation of Viread, an HIV drug developed and marketed by Gilead, and Coviracil. 

        On
September 20, 2001, Dr. Milligan and Mr. Virsik of Gilead had a telephone conference with Chris Rallis, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Triangle.
This telephone conference focused on the financial and strategic aspects of a possible collaboration. 

        During
the months of September and October, 2001, Mr. Rallis and Robert Amundsen, Chief Financial Officer of Triangle, participated in several telephone conferences with
representatives of Gilead to further discuss a possible collaboration between the two companies including their respective products. 

        In
November 2001, Gilead, Triangle and Abbott executed a mutual confidentiality agreement relating to a potential collaboration for the development of combination therapies for HIV,
including a co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil. 

        On
November 30, 2001, representatives of Abbott and Gilead met at Gilead's headquarters in Foster City, California to discuss (among other things) a potential co-promotion
relationship involving a co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil. William Calhoun, Director, Strategic Partnerships, Mr. Weiland and representatives of Abbott's
formulation and regulatory groups participated in this meeting on behalf of Abbott. Dr. Milligan, Dr. Terry Dahl, Director, Formulation, Jung Choi, Director, Corporate Development,
Mr. Virsik and Dr. Carol Brosgart, Vice President, Clinical Research, participated in this meeting on behalf of Gilead. 

        On
December 10, 2001, Gilead and Abbott executed a Material Transfer Agreement in order to facilitate the conduct of initial co-formulation work at Abbott on Viread
and Coviracil. 

        During
the week of December 16, 2001, Dr. Milligan and Mr. Virsik of Gilead met with Mr. Weiland of Abbott to further discuss a possible collaboration. 

        On
January 22, 2002, Abbott sent to Gilead a proposed development plan for a co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil. 

        On
January 28, 2002, Dr. Barry, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Triangle, died unexpectedly. His position with Triangle was not immediately filled. 

        On
January 30, 2002, at a regularly scheduled meeting, Gilead's board of directors discussed potential collaboration and acquisition opportunities, including a possible
transaction with Triangle. 

        On
February 22, 2002, Gilead sent to Abbott a proposed term sheet for a co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil. 

        From
March 4 through March 6, 2002, representatives of Triangle, Abbott and Gilead jointly conducted market research in three cities with respect to a possible
co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil. Shay Weisbrich, Vice President, Sales and Marketing, Americas, Antoinette Kenton, Manager, Market Research, Akram Bouchenaki,
Director, Global Marketing, Dr. Bruno Delagneau, Vice President of Global Marketing, Mike Inouye, Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Rick Wantiez, Director of Global Marketing, and
Mr. Virsik participated in this process on behalf of Gilead. Mr. Calhoun, John Fitzgerald, Senior Manager, Global Licensing and New Business Development, Ana Nicolau and additional
marketing personnel of Abbott participated in this process on behalf of
Abbott. Paul Dreyer, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, participated in this process on behalf of Triangle. 

        On
March 13, 2002, representatives of Triangle, Abbott and Gilead had a telephone conference to discuss a possible co-formulation of Viread and
Coviracil. Gerald Wenker, Divisional Vice President, Licensing and New Business Development-Americas on behalf of Abbott, Mr. Dreyer on behalf of Triangle and Dr. Milligan
(who had since been appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer) and Mr. Virsik on behalf of Gilead participated in this conference. 

        On
April 3, 2002, representatives of Triangle, Abbott and Gilead met at Gilead's headquarters to discuss the results of the market research conducted in early March 2002, as well
as a potential co-promotion arrangement. Mr. Dreyer and Dr. Franck Rousseau, Executive Vice President of Medical Affairs and Chief Medical Officer, participated in these discussions on
behalf of Triangle. Mr. Wenker, Mr. Calhoun, Isabelle Gaultier, Senior Marketing and Business Manager, Anti-Virals and Mr. Fitzgerald participated in these discussions on behalf
of Abbott. Dr. Milligan, Dr. Jaffe, Mr. Inouye, Dr. Delagneau, Deborah Fletcher, then Director, U.S. Sales, Dr. Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President,
Research and Development, and Mr. Virsik participated in these discussions on behalf of Gilead. At and shortly after this meeting, Gilead learned that there was a possibility that Triangle
might seek to reacquire from Abbott all product rights with respect to Coviracil, that Abbott and Triangle might seek to terminate their business relationship, and that further
discussions regarding a possible co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil would therefore be exclusively or primarily between Gilead and Triangle. 

        On
April 25, 2002, Triangle delivered a proposal to Gilead regarding a potential co-promotion arrangement between the companies for a co-formulation of Viread and
Coviracil, and for Coviracil as a single agent drug, conditioned on Triangle's reacquisition from Abbott of all product rights with respect to Coviracil. 

        On
May 1, 2002, at a regularly scheduled meeting, Gilead's board of directors further discussed potential collaboration and acquisition opportunities, including a possible
transaction with Triangle. 

        On
May 2, 2002, Mr. Dreyer and Mr. Amundsen of Triangle and Dr. Milligan and Mr. Virsik of Gilead participated in a telephone conference. During this
conference, the parties discussed a co-promotion arrangement both for a possible co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil and for Coviracil as a single agent drug.
The parties also discussed the status of Triangle's discussions with Abbott regarding the possible reacquisition by Triangle of all product rights with respect to Coviracil, as well as
certain matters associated with the possibility of such a reacquisition, including the European Union regulatory discussions regarding Coviracil, potential timelines for a meeting with
the United States Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") with regard to a New 

Drug Application, the possible terms of a settlement of certain patent disputes involving Coviracil, clinical trial updates and the respective product revenue expectations of Triangle
and Gilead. 

        On
July 1, 2002, representatives of Triangle met with representatives of Gilead at Gilead's headquarters. At this meeting, Triangle made a commercial and scientific presentation
to Gilead regarding Coviracil and regarding a possible co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil. Mr. Rallis, Mr. Amundsen, Mr. Dreyer and
Dr. Rousseau participated in this meeting on behalf of Triangle, and Dr. Bischofberger, Mark Perry, Executive Vice President, Operations, Dr. Jaffe, Mr. Inouye,
Dr. William Lee, Senior Vice President, Research, Dr. Milligan and Mr. Virsik participated in this meeting on behalf of Gilead. 

        On
July 25, 2002, at a regularly scheduled meeting, Gilead's board of directors was updated by members of Gilead's management on the status of discussions with Triangle. 

        On
July 30, 2002, Triangle announced favorable clinical trial results with respect to Coviracil, and confirmed its intention to file a New Drug Application for
Coviracil with the FDA during the third quarter of 2002. 

        Also
on July 30, 2002, Triangle publicly announced its reacquisition of product rights under its agreement with Abbott, the parties having terminated a collaboration they formed in June
1999 for the development and commercialization of several products being developed by Triangle, including Coviracil. Termination of the collaboration caused the right to commercialize
these products to revert from Abbott to Triangle and released Abbott from its substantial milestone payment obligations and other funding obligations under the collaboration. On that date,
Mr. Dreyer contacted Dr. Milligan by email to notify him of this development. 

        On
July 31, 2002, Gilead sent to Triangle a proposed term sheet for a collaboration between the companies involving a possible co-formulation of Viread and
Coviracil. 

        During
August 2002, Dr. Milligan and Mr. Dreyer discussed the proposed collaboration by telephone on a number of occasions. These discussions did not result in an agreement
on a structure for a collaboration between Triangle and Gilead. 

        On
August 5, 2002, Triangle announced that Daniel Welch had been named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Triangle. 

        On
September 6, 2002, Dr. Milligan sent a letter to Mr. Welch setting forth a revised proposal for a co-promotion arrangement for a co-formulation of Viread
and Coviracil and for Coviracil as a single agent drug. 

        On
September 24, 2002, Mr. Dreyer sent Dr. Milligan a letter responding to Gilead's proposal regarding a possible co-promotion arrangement, setting forth certain
alternative structuring and financial proposals on behalf of Triangle with respect to any such arrangement. 

        On
September 27, 2002, representatives of Triangle and Gilead met in San Diego, California in order to discuss a possible co-promotion arrangement for a co-formulation of
Viread and Coviracil and for Coviracil as a single agent. At this meeting, Gilead decided to conduct scientific due diligence in North Carolina.
Mr. Welch, Mr. Dreyer, Joseph Quinn, Vice President, Biometrics, and Dr. Cary Moxham, Vice President, Business Development, participated in the meeting on behalf of Triangle.
Dr. John Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Perry, Dr. Jaffe, Dr. Milligan, Dr. Michael Hitchcock, Vice President and Chief of Staff, Research and
Development, and Mr. Virsik participated in the meeting on behalf of Gilead. 

        On
October 10, 2002, Dr. Milligan, Dr. Jaffe, Dr. Bischofberger and Dr. Hitchcock of Gilead met with Mr. Quinn, Mr. Dreyer, Mr. Welch,
Andrew Finkle, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Anne McKay, Executive Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, Robert Blum, Vice President, Clinical 

Pharmacology and Drug Metabolism, Dr. Moxham, Dr. George Szezech, Vice President Toxicology and Preclinical Pharmacology, Linda Anderson, Director, Regulatory Compliance,
Dr. Jean Cui, Director, Drug Safety Surveillance and Kevin Hurley, CMC Specialist of Triangle in North Carolina to conduct regulatory and clinical due diligence on Coviracil. 

        During
the week of October 13, 2002, Mr. Welch on behalf of Triangle and Dr. Martin on behalf of Gilead met in Laguna Niguel, California at the Biotech CEO conference. The
parties jointly decided that, because Triangle and Gilead had not been able to come to terms on a collaboration regarding Coviracil, it made sense for the parties to discuss a possible
acquisition by Gilead of Triangle. Mr. Welch undertook to discuss the possibility of such an acquisition with Triangle's board of directors. 

        During
the last two weeks of October 2002, Dr. Milligan on behalf of Gilead and Mr. Welch on behalf of Triangle had various discussions with respect to a possible
acquisition by Gilead of Triangle, including discussions regarding potential structures and terms. 

        On
October 24, 2002, Gilead commenced working with Goldman, Sachs & Co. ("Goldman Sachs") as Gilead's financial advisor with respect to a possible acquisition of Triangle by Gilead. 

        On
October 30, 2002, at a regularly scheduled meeting of Gilead's board of directors, Dr. Martin, Mr. Perry and Dr. Milligan discussed with the board a possible
acquisition of Triangle by Gilead. The board approved the transmittal of a letter to Triangle indicating Gilead's interest in acquiring Triangle
in a stock-for-stock transaction that would be valued at $5.00 per share of Triangle common stock, which then represented an exchange ratio of 0.137 of a share of Gilead common stock for each
outstanding share of Triangle common stock. 

        On
November 1, 2002, Dr. Martin on behalf of Gilead sent to Mr. Welch on behalf of Triangle a letter setting forth the proposal described above. Following the delivery of
this letter, Dr. Martin, Dr. Milligan and Mr. Welch participated in a telephone conference in which Mr. Welch invited Gilead to conduct additional due diligence with
respect to Triangle. 

        From
November 5 through November 7, 2002, representatives of Gilead conducted due diligence at Triangle's facilities and at the offices of Triangle's outside legal counsel in North
Carolina, and continued to discuss with representatives of Triangle a possible acquisition of Triangle by Gilead. Dr. Martin, Dr. Milligan, Mr. Perry, Dr. Jaffe,
Dr. Hitchcock, Dr. Taiyin Yang, Vice President, Manufacturing, Michael Aguiar, Vice President, Finance, Gregg Alton, Vice President and General Counsel, David Lawson, Senior Corporate
Counsel, Mark Bosse, Senior Director, Intellectual Property, and Mr. Virsik of Gilead, and Gilead's legal and financial advisors, participated in the conduct of this due diligence and these
discussions on behalf of Gilead, and Mr. Welch, Mr. Rallis, Mr. Amundsen, Mr. Dreyer, Dr. Rousseau, Mr. Finkle, Ms. McKay, Dr. Moxham,
Dr. Szezech, Mr. Quinn, Thomas Staab, Treasurer, and Pamela Goss, Senior Associate Director of Finance, participated in these discussions on behalf of Triangle. During this period,
Gilead sought an agreement from Triangle that Triangle would negotiate an acquisition transaction exclusively with Gilead for a specified period of time. Triangle refused to agree to such exclusivity,
and insisted on retaining the right to discuss alternative transactions with other third parties. During this period, Gilead and Triangle also negotiated and executed a mutual confidentiality
agreement dated November 1, 2002 relating to a possible strategic or financial transaction. This agreement contained provisions extending for an additional period through November 1, 2003, the
standstill period that was in effect between the parties under the confidentiality agreement that had been entered into in August 2001. These provisions prohibited either party from offering to
acquire or acquiring the other party, or taking certain related actions including soliciting proxies, without the prior written consent of the other party's board of directors. 

        On
November 11, 2002, Dr. Martin sent Mr. Welch a letter indicating Gilead's interest in acquiring Triangle in a stock-for-stock transaction at a fixed exchange ratio of
0.154 of a share of Gilead common stock for each outstanding share of Triangle common stock, which then represented an implied valuation of $5.50 per share of Triangle common stock. This letter again
requested that Triangle negotiate exclusively with Gilead. 

        On
November 13, 2002, Mr. Welch had a telephone conversation with Dr. Milligan to discuss a price collar provision that Triangle had apparently expected would be part of
Gilead's proposal. During this conversation, Mr. Welch indicated that Triangle would not agree to a fixed exchange ratio or an exchange ratio formulation that included a collar in any
stock-for-stock transaction. He indicated that Triangle was instead seeking a transaction with a fixed per share valuation deliverable to Triangle's
stockholders upon completion of the transaction. The parties determined to continue exploring this issue. 

        On
November 15, 2002, Mr. Alton delivered to Mr. Finkle an initial draft of a merger agreement contemplating an acquisition by Gilead of Triangle in a stock-for-stock
transaction. 

        Also
on November 15, 2002, at a special meeting of Gilead's board of directors, Dr. Martin, Mr. Perry, Mr. Alton and Dr. Milligan made presentations to the
board regarding the potential benefits of and rationale for an acquisition of Triangle, as well as the structure and range of values of the proposed acquisition. Members of Gilead's senior management
also discussed with the board the status of the negotiations with Triangle and the results of the due diligence investigation of Triangle as completed to date. Representatives of Gilead's financial
advisor, Goldman Sachs, also made a financial presentation to the board with respect to the proposed acquisition. 

        During
the week of November 18, 2002, representatives of Gilead and Triangle engaged in further discussions regarding the structure of a proposed acquisition and the consideration
payable to stockholders of Triangle in such an acquisition. 

        On
November 20, 2002, Dr. Milligan proposed to Mr. Welch an acquisition of Triangle by Gilead for cash consideration of $5.50 per share. 

        On
November 21, 2002, Mr. Finkle sent to Mr. Alton a markup prepared by Triangle's outside legal counsel of Gilead's November 15, 2002 draft agreement for a stock-for-stock
acquisition. 

        On
November 23, 2002, Mr. Welch and Mr. Finkle, on behalf of Triangle, and Dr. Milligan, Mr. Alton and Mr. Virsik on behalf of Gilead, met at Cooley
Godward LLP's offices in Reston, Virginia to discuss Gilead's proposal for a possible acquisition of Triangle by Gilead involving cash consideration of $5.50 per share payable to stockholders of
Triangle. Representatives of Smith, Andersen, Blount, Dorsett, Mitchell & Jernigan LLP (Triangle's outside North Carolina counsel), King & Spalding (Triangle's outside special mergers and acquisitions
counsel) and Banc of America Securities LLC (Triangle's financial advisor) also participated in the discussions on behalf of Triangle, and representatives of Cooley Godward LLP (Gilead's outside
counsel) and Goldman Sachs (Gilead's financial advisor) also participated in the discussions on behalf of Gilead. In the course of these discussions, the parties also discussed the possibility of
structuring the acquisition as a two-step transaction (consisting of a cash tender offer followed by a cash merger). Representatives of Triangle stressed that Gilead should bear the risk of adverse
events occurring subsequent to signing the definitive acquisition agreement, and further indicated that the consideration payable to stockholders of Triangle would need to be higher than the $5.50 per
share figure proposed by Gilead. Triangle's representatives also emphasized Triangle's desire to significantly limit the circumstances under which the transaction could be terminated by Gilead between
the signing of the definitive acquisition agreement and the closing of the transaction, and stressed that because
any acquisition of Triangle would be in lieu of a financing, the definitive acquisition agreement and related documents would need to address Triangle's liquidity and capital 

resources requirements through the closing of the acquisition. The parties also discussed the extent to which it would be appropriate for Gilead to seek and obtain stockholder agreements from
directors and other significant stockholders of Triangle committing such stockholders to tender their shares of Triangle common stock in the cash tender offer and vote to approve the merger (if
necessary). Dr. Milligan and Mr. Welch discussed these matters further at a breakfast meeting in Reston held on November 24, 2002. 

        On
November 26, 2002, at a special meeting of Gilead's board of directors, members of Gilead's senior management and representatives of Goldman Sachs discussed with the board a proposed
acquisition of Triangle by Gilead at a price of $6.00 per share of Triangle common stock in a transaction structured as a cash tender offer by a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead for all of Triangle's
issued and outstanding shares followed by a cash merger of that subsidiary into Triangle. In addition, the acquisition would be accompanied by a $50 million convertible loan that would be made by
Gilead to Triangle at or shortly after the time of the signing of the definitive acquisition agreement in order to address Triangle's working capital and liquidity concerns that had been previously
expressed to Gilead. Dr. Martin, Mr. Perry, Dr. Milligan, Dr. Bischofberger, Mr. Alton and representatives of Goldman Sachs reviewed the negotiations that had taken
place with Triangle since the last board meeting, and also updated the board on the due diligence review that had occurred. Goldman Sachs updated its financial presentation to the board concerning the
proposed acquisition. Gilead's board discussed with members of Gilead's senior management and financial advisors the proposed terms of the Offer and the Merger. The members of Gilead's board, having
determined that the Offer and the Merger were in the best interests of Gilead, then approved the Offer and the Merger and the related transactional agreements, and provided the executive officers of
Gilead with delegated authority to complete the negotiation of a definitive merger agreement and related documents involving Gilead and Triangle. 

        Also
on November 26, 2002, Mr. Alton on behalf of Gilead provided a draft of a proposed merger agreement to Triangle and Triangle's financial advisors and outside legal counsel,
contemplating an acquisition of Triangle by Gilead in a transaction involving a cash tender offer by a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead for all of Triangle's issued and outstanding shares followed by
a cash merger of that subsidiary into Triangle. On November 27, 2002, Gilead provided drafts of a proposed form of stockholder agreement and the proposed forms of documents relating to the convertible
loan to Triangle and Triangle's financial advisors and outside legal counsel. 

        On
November 29 and November 30, 2002, representatives of Gilead and Triangle continued to negotiate the various agreements relating to the proposed acquisition and convertible loan via
telephone conferences involving representatives of the respective companies and their respective financial and legal advisors. On November 30, Mr. Welch, Dr. Milligan and representatives
of Triangle's and Gilead's financial advisors met by phone to develop a series of principles underlying the terms of the transaction. Following that call, the parties decided to meet at the offices of
Triangle's outside counsel in Raleigh, North Carolina on Sunday, December 1, 2002 to continue negotiations. Gilead also agreed to provide Triangle with a revised draft of the merger agreement prior to
the meeting. 

        Early
in the morning on December 1, 2002, Gilead provided Triangle with a revised draft of the merger agreement and revised drafts of the accompanying financing documents, for
consideration in the meetings beginning that evening. The Gilead team, comprised of Dr. Milligan, Mr. Alton and various other representatives of Gilead and its financial and legal
advisors, arrived in Raleigh late in the afternoon on December 1, for the purpose of meeting with a team comprised of Mr. Welch, Mr. Finkle and various other representatives of Triangle
and its financial and legal advisors. Negotiations that evening and into the morning of December 2, 2002 led to circulation of new drafts of transaction documents by Gilead on the evening of December
2. Negotiations then continued 

overnight into the morning of December 3, 2002, resulting in general business understandings on all material points, subject to the preparation and review of final documentation. 

        On
December 3, 2002, at a special meeting of Triangle's board of directors, the board unanimously approved the merger agreement, ancillary agreements and related matters, and unanimously
voted to recommend the Offer and the Merger to Triangle's stockholders. Late on December 3, Gilead, Triangle and the Purchaser executed the merger agreement, and certain of Triangle's directors,
executive officers and stockholders executed stockholder agreements in favor of Gilead and the Purchaser. 

        On
December 4, 2002, before the open of trading on The Nasdaq National Market, Gilead and Triangle issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the merger agreement. 

        On
December 9, 2002, Gilead provided the convertible loan to Triangle, Triangle and Gilead executed the promissory note evidencing the convertible loan, and Gilead and Triangle executed
the related investor rights agreement. 

        On
December 16, 2002, the Purchaser commenced the Offer. 

12.    Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Triangle; The Merger Agreement; The Stockholder Agreements; The Convertible Loan  

Purpose of the Offer and the Merger  

        The purpose of the Offer and Merger is to enable Gilead to acquire the entire equity interest in, and thus control of, Triangle. The Offer, as the first step in
the acquisition of Triangle, is intended to facilitate the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock or, if fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Triangle common
stock are tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, such lesser number of shares of Triangle common stock, subject to the conditions to the Offer described in
Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. The purpose of the Merger is for Gilead to acquire any and all outstanding shares of Triangle common stock that are not
tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment by the Purchaser in the Offer. 

Plans for Triangle  

        If the Minimum Condition and the other conditions to the Offer described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase have
been satisfied and the Purchaser purchases the shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer, Gilead intends and will have the right to designate representatives to Triangle's board
of directors who will constitute at least a majority of the board of directors and therefore control Triangle. Following successful completion of the Offer and the Merger, Gilead intends to integrate
Triangle's operations with those of Gilead under the direction of Gilead management. Gilead's principal reason for acquiring Triangle is to broaden its antiviral pipeline with additional HIV and
hepatitis B products and to enhance its expertise in antiviral research and development. Gilead intends to continue to review Triangle and its assets, corporate structure, capitalization, operations,
properties, policies, management and personnel and, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, to consider whether any changes would be desirable in light of the circumstances then existing, and
reserves the right to take such actions or effect such changes as it deems desirable. 

The Merger Agreement  

        The following is a summary of the Merger Agreement. The following summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the 

Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and Gilead in connection with the Offer, and is incorporated in this Offer to
Purchase by reference. The Merger Agreement may be examined, and copies obtained, by following the procedures described in Section 8 (Certain Information Concerning Triangle) of this Offer to
Purchase. 

The Offer  

        The Merger Agreement provides for the commencement of the Offer by the Purchaser. The Purchaser's obligation to accept for payment shares of Triangle common stock
that are tendered in the Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, if permitted under the Merger Agreement, of each of the conditions to the Offer that are described in Section 13
(Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. Without Triangle's prior written consent: (i) the Minimum Condition may not be amended or waived; and (ii) no change may be
made to the Offer that (A) changes the form of consideration to be paid pursuant to the Offer, (B) decreases the Offer Price or the number of shares of Triangle common stock sought to be
purchased in the Offer, (C) imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to the Offer Conditions, (D) except as otherwise permitted by the Merger Agreement, extends the Expiration Date of
the Offer beyond the initial Expiration Date of the Offer or (E) amends any other term of the Offer in a manner adverse to the holders of Triangle common stock. 

        The
Offer is initially scheduled to expire 20 business days following the date of the commencement of the Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Merger
Agreement, but subject to the parties' respective termination rights under the Merger Agreement: (i) if, on any date as of which the Offer is scheduled to expire, any Offer Condition has not
been satisfied or waived, the Purchaser may, in its discretion, extend the Offer from time to time for such period of time as the Purchaser reasonably determines to be necessary to permit such Offer
Condition to be satisfied; (ii) if, on any date as of which the Offer is scheduled to expire, any Offer Condition has not been satisfied or waived, the Purchaser must, if Triangle so requests
in writing prior to the then-scheduled Expiration Date of the Offer, extend the Offer from time to time for such period of time (but in each case not more than 15 business days) as
Triangle reasonably requests; (iii) the Purchaser may, in its discretion, extend the Offer from time to time for any period of time required by any rule or regulation of the Securities and
Exchange Commission applicable to the Offer; (iv) if, on any date as of which the Offer is scheduled to expire, the Minimum Condition has been satisfied but the sum of the number of shares of
Triangle common stock that have been validly tendered pursuant to the Offer (and not withdrawn) plus the number of shares of Triangle common stock owned by Gilead or any wholly-owned subsidiary of
Gilead is less than 90% of the number of shares of Triangle common stock outstanding, then the Purchaser may, in its discretion, extend the offer for an additional period of not more than ten business
days; and (v) the Purchaser may, in its discretion, elect to provide for a subsequent offering period (and one or more extensions thereof) in accordance with Rule 14d-11
under the Exchange Act. However, the Purchaser is not required to extend the Offer beyond June 1, 2003. 

        The
Merger Agreement further provides that, on the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, Gilead must cause the Purchaser to accept for payment all the shares of Triangle
common stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn as soon as practicable after the Purchaser is permitted to do so under applicable legal requirements and Gilead must cause the
Purchaser to pay for such shares promptly thereafter. 

Top-Up Option  

        Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Gilead and Purchaser have an irrevocable option (the "Top-Up Option") to purchase from Triangle, at a price per
share equal to the Offer Price, a number 

of shares of Triangle common stock (the "Top-Up Option Shares") that, when added to the number of any outstanding shares of Triangle common stock owned by Gilead or any wholly-owned
subsidiary of Gilead at the time of exercise of the Top-Up Option, constitutes one share of Triangle common stock more than 90% of the number of shares of Triangle common stock that will
be outstanding immediately after the issuance of the Top-Up Option Shares. The Top-Up Option may be exercised by Gilead or the Purchaser, in whole but not in part, at any time
on or after the first date on which Purchaser accepts any shares of Triangle common stock for payment pursuant to the Offer (the "Acceptance Date"), and on or prior to the tenth business day after the
later of (i) the Acceptance Date or (ii) the expiration of any subsequent offering period. 

Appointment of Directors after Acceptance for Payment of Shares Tendered in the Offer  

        The Merger Agreement provides that, effective upon the Acceptance Date, Gilead will be entitled to designate to serve on Triangle's board of directors (the
"Post-Acceptance Board") the number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, equal to the product of (i) the total number of directors on Triangle's board of directors
(giving effect to the election of any additional directors pursuant to these provisions) and (ii) a fraction having a numerator equal to the aggregate number of shares of Triangle common stock
then beneficially owned by Gilead or the Purchaser (including all shares of Triangle common stock accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer), and having a denominator equal to the total number of
shares of Triangle common stock then outstanding. 

        Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, if Gilead requests on or after the Acceptance Date, Triangle must use its reasonable best efforts to take all actions (including, to the extent
necessary, obtaining resignations of incumbent directors and increasing the number of authorized directors) necessary to cause Gilead's designees to be elected or appointed to Triangle's board of
directors. Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Triangle must (to the extent requested by Gilead) use its reasonable best efforts to cause individuals designated by Gilead to
constitute the number of members, rounded up to the next whole number, on (i) each committee of Triangle's board of directors and (ii) the board of directors of each subsidiary of
Triangle (and each committee thereof) that represents at least the same percentage as individuals designated by Gilead represent on Triangle's board of directors. The Merger Agreement requires that
Triangle use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that, at all times until the completion of the Merger, at least two of the members of Triangle's board of directors are individuals who were
directors of Triangle on the date of the Merger Agreement (the "Continuing Directors"). 

        After
the election or appointment of the directors designated by Gilead to Triangle's board of directors and prior to the completion of the Merger, under the terms of the Merger
Agreement, the
approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors will be required to authorize any of the following actions of Triangle, to the extent the action in question could reasonably be expected to affect
adversely the holders of shares of Triangle common stock (other than Gilead or the Purchaser): (i) any action by Triangle with respect to any amendment or waiver of any term or condition of the
Merger Agreement, the Merger, the Financing Documents (as defined below) or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Triangle; (ii) any termination or rescission of the Merger Agreement,
the Merger or the Financing Documents by Triangle; (iii) any extension by Triangle of the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of Gilead or the Purchaser, or any
waiver or assertion of any of Triangle's rights under the Merger Agreement or the Financing Documents; or (iv) any other consent or action by Triangle's board of directors with respect to the
Merger Agreement, the Merger or the Financing Documents. 

The Merger  

        The Merger Agreement provides that, following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Merger described below under the caption "Conditions to the
Merger", the Purchaser will be merged with and into Triangle in accordance with the applicable provisions of Delaware law, and Triangle will continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger and the
separate corporate existence of the Purchaser will cease. 

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation  

        The Merger Agreement provides that upon the completion of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation will be amended and restated
to conform to Annex III to the Merger Agreement, and the bylaws of the surviving corporation will be amended and restated to conform to the bylaws of the Purchaser as in effect immediately prior to
the completion of the Merger. 

Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation  

        Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon the completion of the Merger, the directors and officers of the surviving corporation will be the respective
individuals who are directors and officers of the Purchaser immediately prior to the completion of the Merger. 

Conversion of Shares of Triangle Common Stock  

        Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of Triangle common stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Merger (other than
shares owned by Gilead, the Purchaser or Triangle, or by a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead, the Purchaser or Triangle, or by any stockholder of Triangle who is entitled to and properly exercises
appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive $6.00 (the price per share paid in the Offer) in cash, without interest thereon. 

Appraisal Rights  

        Shares of Triangle common stock that are outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Merger that are held by persons who have neither voted in favor of
the Merger nor consented thereto in writing and who have properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of appraisal in respect of such shares in accordance with Section 262 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL") will not be converted into the right to receive $6.00 per share (the price per share paid in the Offer). Instead, these
stockholders will only be entitled to receive payment of the fair value of their shares of Triangle common stock in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL. Shares of Triangle common stock held
by stockholders who fail to perfect, or otherwise withdraw or lose, their rights to appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL, however, will be converted into the right to receive $6.00 per share
(the price per share paid in the Offer) in cash, without interest thereon. A stockholder may withdraw his demand for appraisal by delivering to Triangle a written withdrawal of his demand for
appraisal. The foregoing summary of Section 262 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262. Failure to follow the steps that
Section 262 requires for perfecting appraisal rights may result in the loss of those rights. 

Treatment of Triangle Options and Employee Stock Purchase Plan  

        The Merger Agreement provides that upon completion of the Merger, Gilead will cause each option to purchase Triangle common stock that is outstanding and
unexercised immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, whether or not vested and whether or not the exercise price of such 

option is in excess of the Offer Price, to become an option to purchase Gilead common stock by assuming such option in accordance with, and to the extent permitted by, the terms (as in effect as of
the date of the Merger Agreement) of the stock incentive plan under which such option was issued and the terms of the stock option agreement by which such option is evidenced. Each option assumed by
Gilead will be exercisable for that number of shares of Gilead common stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the aggregate number of shares of Triangle common stock that were
issuable upon exercise of such option immediately prior to the completion of the Merger by (ii) the ratio of (x) the Offer Price ($6.00) to (y) the closing price per share of
Gilead common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market on the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Merger is completed (the "Conversion Ratio"), rounding down to the nearest whole
share. The per share exercise price under each option assumed by Gilead will be adjusted by dividing the per share exercise price under such option by the Conversion Ratio and rounding up to the
nearest whole cent. Any restriction on the exercise of any option assumed by Gilead will continue in full force and effect, and the term, exercisability, vesting schedule and other provisions of such
option will otherwise remain unchanged (subject to any change in such option triggered by the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement under the express terms (as in effect on the date of the
Merger Agreement) of the stock incentive plan under which such option was issued and the terms of the agreement by which such option is evidenced). The Merger Agreement also provides that Gilead must
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, no later than 30 days after the date on which the Merger is completed, a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to the
shares of Gilead common stock issuable with respect to the options assumed by Gilead in accordance with the Merger Agreement. If the assumption of any option in the manner described in Merger
Agreement is not permitted under the terms of the stock incentive plan under which such option was issued as construed by the plan administrator prior to the Acceptance Date, then Gilead will not be
required to assume such option in the manner described in the Merger Agreement, and Gilead will instead be entitled to cause such option to be treated in a manner permitted by the terms of such stock
incentive plan. Notwithstanding the above, in lieu of assuming an outstanding option in accordance with the Merger Agreement, Gilead may elect to cause such option to be replaced by issuing a
reasonably equivalent replacement stock option in substitution therefor. 

        Upon
the completion of the Merger, Triangle's 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") will be terminated. The rights of participants in the ESPP with respect to any offering
period then underway will be determined by treating the last business day prior to the completion of the Merger as the last day of such offering period and by making such other pro-rata
adjustments as may be necessary to reflect the shortened offering period but otherwise treating such shortened offering period as a fully effective and completed offering period for all purposes under
the ESPP. Prior to the completion of the Merger, Triangle must take all actions (including, if appropriate, amending the terms of the ESPP) that are necessary to give effect to the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Representations and Warranties  

        Triangle made representations and warranties to the Purchaser and Gilead in the Merger Agreement, effective as of the date of the Merger Agreement, including
representations relating to: 


its
subsidiaries and due organization;


its
certificate of incorporation and bylaws;


its
capitalization;


its
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and financial statements; 


the
absence of certain changes during the period from September 30, 2002 through the date of the Merger Agreement;


title
to its assets;


its
inventories;


its
intellectual property;


its
contracts;


its
liabilities;


its
compliance with legal requirements;


certain
of its business practices;


governmental
authorizations and regulatory matters;


tax
matters;


employee
and labor matters, and its benefit plans;


environmental
matters;


its
insurance policies;


legal
proceedings and orders;


its
authority to enter into, and the enforceability of, the Merger Agreement and the Financing Documents;


the
inapplicability of Section 203 of the DGCL;


noncontravention
of laws and agreements, and absence of needed consents;


the
fairness opinion received by Triangle's board of directors;


the
financial advisory fees payable by Triangle;


the
amendment to the Rights Agreement between Triangle and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent (as amended, the "Company Rights
Agreement"); and


the
information supplied by Triangle for inclusion in this Offer to Purchase and Triangle's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9. 

        The
Purchaser and Gilead made representations and warranties to Triangle in the Merger Agreement, including representations relating to: 


their
valid existence;


their
authority to enter into, and the enforceability of, the Merger Agreement and the Financing Documents;


noncontravention
of laws and agreements, and absence of needed consents;


the
information supplied by them for inclusion in this Offer to Purchase and Triangle's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9;


their
nonreliance on any financial forecast, revenue projection, or financial model made available by Triangle to Gilead or its representatives;


the
sufficiency of the funds held by them to complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and 


the
financial advisory fees payable by them. 

Interim Conduct of Business  

        The Merger Agreement provides that, as otherwise expressly permitted under the Merger Agreement or as specified in the disclosure schedule provided by Triangle to
Gilead and the Purchaser in connection with the Merger Agreement, as required by the Financing Documents (as defined below) or as reasonably necessary to comply with applicable legal requirements,
during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the completion of the Merger, Triangle must: 


use
reasonable efforts to ensure that each of Triangle and its subsidiaries (A) conducts its business and operations in the ordinary course and in
accordance with past practices and (B) preserves intact its current business organization, keeps available the services of its current officers and employees and maintains its relations and
goodwill with all suppliers, customers, producers, partners, strategic partners, landlords, creditors, licensors, licensees, employees and other persons having business relationships with Triangle or
either of its subsidiaries, except in certain circumstances;


use
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it and each of its subsidiaries conducts its business and operations in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable legal requirements and the requirements of all material contracts;


use
commercially reasonable efforts to keep in full force its insurance policies or comparable replacements, except where Triangle receives Gilead's prior
written approval;


promptly
notify Gilead of (A) any written notice (or other communication known to Triangle) received from any person alleging that the consent of such
person is or may be required in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and (B) any material legal proceeding commenced or, to the knowledge of Triangle,
threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting Triangle or either of its subsidiaries;


use
commercially reasonable efforts to (A) effectuate the transfer from Abbott Laboratories to Yuhan Corporation (or, with the consent of Gilead,
another third party) of the technology necessary to manufacture bulk Emtricitabine in accordance with the Supply and Manufacturing Agreement between Triangle and Abbott Laboratories and in accordance
with certain plans, procedures, requirements and timetables provided in the disclosure schedule delivered by Triangle to Gilead and the Purchaser in connection with the Merger Agreement and
(B) effectuate the transfer from Abbott Laboratories to a third-party contract manufacturer of the technology necessary to formulate finished Emtricitabine from bulk Emtricitabine as promptly
as reasonably practicable;


use
commercially reasonable efforts to (A) prosecute and secure the approval by the FDA of the Coviracil new drug application filed by Triangle with
the FDA on September 3, 2002 and (B) file with the European Medicines Evaluation Agency (the "EMEA"), and prosecute and secure approval by the EMEA of, a marketing authorisation
application for marketing approval of Coviracil in the European Union;


(A)
consult with Gilead in connection with any proposed meeting with the FDA or any other governmental body relating to any product of Triangle containing
Amdoxovir, Clevudine or Emtricitabine (a "Triangle Pharmaceutical Product") and promptly provide Gilead with a summary report of any such meeting that occurs and (B) provide Gilead and its
representatives with a reasonable opportunity to review any filing made on or after December 11, 2002 and any correspondence or other material communication, proposed to be submitted or
otherwise transmitted to the FDA or any other governmental body on behalf of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries relating to any Triangle Pharmaceutical Product; 


(A)
make and keep Gilead reasonably informed of Triangle's plans and arrangements to obtain and maintain the quantities of bulk Emtricitabine and finished
Emtricitabine and related raw materials and components and (B) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain on a commercially reasonable basis quantities of bulk Emtricitabine and
finished Emtricitabine and
related raw materials and components that Triangle reasonably expects to be required by it or either of its subsidiaries to make sales of Coviracil for one year; and


use
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain adequate and suitable quantities of Emtricitabine, Amdoxovir and Clevudine in bulk active pharmaceutical and
finished product form for the conduct of all clinical trials being conducted by or on behalf of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries. 

        The
Merger Agreement further provides that during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the completion of the Merger, except as otherwise expressly permitted or
required by the Merger Agreement or the Financing Documents, without the prior written consent of Gilead, Triangle must not, and must not permit either of its subsidiaries to: 


declare,
accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect of any shares of capital stock, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise
reacquire any shares of capital stock or other securities;


sell,
issue, grant or authorize the issuance or grant of (A) any capital stock or other security, (B) any option, call, warrant or right to
acquire any capital stock or other security, or (C) any instrument convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other security (except in certain limited circumstances);


except
as may be required by applicable legal requirements, amend or waive any of its rights under, or alter the acceleration of vesting under, any provision
of Triangle's Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, the Triangle CEO Incentive Plan, or any provision of any agreement evidencing any outstanding option or any restricted stock purchase
agreement, or otherwise modify any of the terms of any outstanding option, warrant or other security or any related contract;


amend
or terminate the Company Rights Agreement or amend or permit the adoption of any amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other
charter or organizational documents, or effect or become a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, amalgamation, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock
split, reverse stock split, division or subdivision of shares, consolidation of shares or similar transaction;


form
any subsidiary or acquire any equity interest or other interest in any other entity;


make
any capital expenditure (except that Triangle or its subsidiaries may make capital expenditures that, when added to all other capital expenditures made
on behalf of Triangle or its
subsidiaries between the date of the Merger Agreement and the completion of the Merger, do not exceed $2,200,000 in the aggregate);


except
as otherwise expressly permitted by the Merger Agreement, enter into or become bound by, or permit any of the material assets owned or used by it to
become bound by, any material contract, or amend or terminate, or waive or exercise any material right or remedy under, any material contract, in each case other than in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices; 


acquire,
lease or license any right or other asset from any other person or sell or otherwise dispose of, or lease or license, any right or other asset to
any other person (except in certain limited circumstances), or waive or relinquish any material right;


commence,
sponsor, participate in or provide funding for any clinical trial except those trials being conducted as of the date of the Merger Agreement or for
which Triangle has a written protocol proposal as of the date of the Merger Agreement (the "Permitted Trials");


place,
cancel or modify any order for any Triangle Pharmaceutical Product (in bulk active pharmaceutical or finished product form) other than the placement
of orders that are reasonably necessary for Triangle to comply with its obligations to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain on a commercially reasonable basis quantities of
bulk Emtricitabine and finished Emtricitabine and related raw materials and components that Triangle reasonably expects to be required by it and its subsidiaries to make sales of Coviracil for one
year and to maintain suitable quantities of Triangle Pharmaceutical Products to conduct the Permitted Trials;


enter
into any contract covering multiple manufacturing "campaigns" or any contract with a term of more than 270 days, in each case for manufacture of
any Triangle Pharmaceutical Product (in bulk active pharmaceutical or finished product form) or any raw material relating to such manufacture, that cannot be terminated (without penalty) within
60 days after delivery of a termination notice by Triangle;


other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, write off as uncollectible, or establish any extraordinary reserve with respect
to, any receivable or other indebtedness;


make
any pledge of any of its assets or permit any of its material assets to become subject to any encumbrances other than encumbrances for current taxes not
yet due and payable and that do not (in any case or in the aggregate) materially detract from the value of the assets subject thereto or materially impair the operations of Triangle and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole;


lend
money to any person, or incur or guarantee any indebtedness (except that Triangle may make routine borrowings and advancement of expenses in the
ordinary course of business and in accordance with past practices);


except
as may be required by applicable legal requirements, adopt, establish, enter into or amend any employee benefit plan, pay any bonus or make any
profit-sharing or similar payment to, or increase the amount of the wages, salary, commissions, fringe benefits or other compensation or remuneration payable to, any of its directors, officers or
employees (except in certain limited circumstances);


hire
any employee or promote any employee (except in certain limited circumstances);


except
as may be required by applicable legal requirements, change in any material respect any of its personnel policies or other business policies, or any
of its methods of accounting or accounting practices in any material respect;


make
any material tax election;


commence
(except in certain limited circumstances) or settle any legal proceeding; or


agree,
commit or offer to take any of the actions described above. 

Non-Solicitation and Related Provisions  

        The Merger Agreement requires that Triangle immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions with any person that relate to any offer,
proposal, inquiry or indication of
interest (other than an offer, proposal, inquiry or indication of interest made or submitted by Gilead) contemplating a transaction or series of transactions involving any of the following: 


any
merger, consolidation, amalgamation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, tender offer, exchange offer or other similar transaction in
which Triangle or its subsidiaries is a constituent corporation;


any
merger, consolidation, amalgamation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, tender offer, exchange offer, transaction involving the
issuance or acquisition of securities or other similar transaction in which a person or "group" (as defined in the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder) of persons directly or indirectly acquires
beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 15% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries;


the
issuance by Triangle or its subsidiaries (in connection with a merger or otherwise) of securities representing more than 15% of the outstanding
securities of any class of voting securities of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries;


any
sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition of any business or businesses or assets that constitute or account for 15% or more
of the consolidated net revenues, net income or assets of Triangle and its subsidiaries;


any
license, sublicense or assignment of, or any grant of any marketing, distribution, co-promotion or other right with respect to, any Triangle
Pharmaceutical Product or any related intellectual property or intellectual property right material to any Triangle Pharmaceutical Product; or


any
liquidation or dissolution of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries. 

        Each
of the transactions referred to above is referred to as an "Acquisition Transaction," and any offer, proposal, inquiry or indication of interest (other than an offer, proposal,
inquiry or indication of interest made or submitted by Gilead) contemplating any Acquisition Transaction, is referred to as an "Acquisition Proposal." The Merger Agreement further provides that
Triangle must not directly or indirectly, and must not authorize or permit either of its subsidiaries or any of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, advisors or
representatives (collectively "Representatives") of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries directly or indirectly to: 


solicit,
initiate, intentionally encourage, intentionally induce or intentionally facilitate the making, submission or announcement of any Acquisition
Proposal (whether by amending, or granting any
waiver under, the Company Rights Agreement or otherwise) or take any action that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal;


furnish
any information regarding Triangle or its subsidiaries to any person in connection with or in response to an Acquisition Proposal or an inquiry or
indication of interest that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal;


engage
in discussions or negotiations with any person with respect to any Acquisition Proposal;


approve,
endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or


enter
into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction. 

        However,
prior to the Acceptance Date, and subject to Triangle's right to terminate the Merger Agreement to accept a Superior Offer (as defined below), Triangle is not prohibited by the
non-solicitation and related provisions described above from furnishing information regarding Triangle and its subsidiaries to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, any
person in response to a Superior Offer that is submitted to Triangle by such person (and not withdrawn) if (1) such Superior Offer has not resulted directly or indirectly from any breach of the
provisions described above or from any action taken by Triangle or any of its Representatives with the intent of circumventing any of the provisions described above, (2) the board of directors
of Triangle concludes in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of its outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be inconsistent with the fiduciary obligations
of Triangle's board of directors to Triangle's stockholders under applicable legal requirements, (3) at least one business day prior to furnishing any such information to, or entering into
discussions or negotiations with, such person, Triangle gives Gilead written notice of the identity of such person and of Triangle's intention to furnish information to, or enter into discussions or
negotiations with, such person, and Triangle receives from such person an executed confidentiality agreement containing provisions (including "standstill" provisions) no less favorable to Triangle
than the provisions contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, dated November 1, 2002, between Gilead and Triangle (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), and (4) at least one business day
prior to furnishing any such information to such person, Triangle furnishes such information to Gilead (to the extent such information has not been previously furnished by Triangle to Gilead). For
purposes of the Merger Agreement, "Superior Offer" means an unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third party to acquire (or otherwise enter into a transaction which would result in such
third party becoming the holder of) at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock on terms that the board of directors of Triangle determines, in its good faith judgment
(after taking into account the price and consideration offered and the likelihood that the proposed acquisition will ultimately be completed and after taking into account the advice of Banc of America
Securities LLC or another
independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to be more favorable to Triangle's stockholders than the terms of the Offer and the Merger. However, any such offer will be deemed
not to be a "Superior Offer" if any financing required to complete the transaction contemplated by such offer is not committed and is not reasonably capable of being obtained by such third party. The
Merger Agreement provides that any breach by any Representative of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries of, or action taken by any Representative of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries with the
intent of circumventing, any of the non-solicitation and related provisions described above will be deemed to be a breach of those provisions of the Merger Agreement, whether or not such
Representative is purporting to act on behalf of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries. 

        The
Merger Agreement provides that, notwithstanding the non-solicitation and related provisions described above, after March 1, 2003, Triangle may enter into
confidential discussions regarding (but may not enter into any contract regarding) a Contract Sales Arrangement (as defined below) with a Contract Sales Organization (as defined below) if
(i) such Contract Sales Organization has executed and delivered to Triangle a confidentiality agreement containing provisions (including "standstill" provisions) no less favorable to Triangle
than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, (ii) at least five business days prior to initiating such discussions, Triangle has given Gilead written notice of the identity of such Contract
Sales Organization and of Triangle's intention to enter into such discussions, (iii) Triangle periodically provides Gilead with term sheets and draft contracts to keep Gilead reasonably
informed of the status of such discussions, and (iv) Triangle otherwise keeps Gilead reasonably informed with respect to the status of such discussions. For purposes of the preceding sentence:
(1) "Contract Sales Organization" means an entity commonly and primarily known as a "contract sales organization" that is engaged primarily in the business of promoting products for third
parties and is not, and is not a direct or indirect affiliate of, an entity commonly 

and primarily known as a "pharmaceutical", "biopharmaceutical" or "biotechnology" company; and (2) "Contract Sales Arrangement" means an arrangement (that is terminable by Triangle within
three years without payment or penalty) between Triangle and a Contract Sales Organization under which such Contract Sales Organization (A) would promote (and would only be granted such rights
as are necessary to promote) a Triangle Pharmaceutical Product for a fee (which may be fixed or based upon a percentage of revenues or otherwise) but (B) would not be granted any research,
development, manufacturing, sublicensing or other rights with respect to such Triangle Pharmaceutical Product or with respect to any intellectual property underlying or related to such Triangle
Pharmaceutical Product except as necessary for the purpose of clause "(A)". 

        The
Merger Agreement also requires that Triangle promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours) after receipt of any Acquisition Proposal, any inquiry or indication of interest
that would reasonably be expected lead to an Acquisition Proposal or any request for nonpublic information relating thereto, advise Gilead orally and in writing of such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry,
indication of interest or request (including the identity of the person making or submitting such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, indication of interest or request, and the material terms thereof) that
is made or submitted by any person prior to the Acceptance Date. Triangle must keep Gilead reasonably informed with respect to the status of any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, indication of
interest or request and any modification or proposed modification thereto. 

Triangle Stockholders' Meeting  

        As promptly as practicable following the Acceptance Date (and following the expiration of any subsequent offering period), if the adoption of the Merger Agreement
by Triangle's stockholders is required by law in order to complete the Merger, Triangle, acting through the Post-Acceptance Board, must take all action necessary under all applicable legal
requirements to call, give notice of and hold a meeting of the holders of Triangle common stock to vote on the adoption of the Merger Agreement. 

        Under
the Merger Agreement, Gilead has agreed to cause all shares of Triangle common stock owned by Gilead or any subsidiary of Gilead to be voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and completion of the Merger at the Triangle stockholder meeting. However, if the Purchaser owns, by virtue of the Offer or otherwise, at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Triangle
common stock, then the parties are required under the Merger Agreement to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable without a
stockholders' meeting in accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL. 

Recommendation of Triangle's Board of Directors  

        Triangle's board of directors has unanimously recommended that the stockholders of Triangle accept the Offer, tender their shares of Triangle common stock
pursuant to the Offer and (if required by applicable law) adopt the Merger Agreement (the "Triangle Board Recommendation"). The Merger Agreement provides that, except as provided below, neither
Triangle's board of directors nor any committee thereof may withdraw the Triangle Board Recommendation or modify the Triangle Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Gilead or the Purchaser, and
no resolution by the board of directors of Triangle or any committee thereof to withdraw or modify the Triangle Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Gilead or the Purchaser may be adopted. 

        Notwithstanding
the foregoing, at any time prior to the Acceptance Date, the Triangle Board Recommendation may be withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Gilead and the Purchaser
if: (i) an unsolicited, bona fide written offer by a third party unaffiliated with Triangle to acquire or otherwise enter into a transaction which would result in such third party becoming the
holder of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock is made to Triangle and is not 

withdrawn; (ii) Triangle provides Gilead with at least two business days' prior notice of any meeting of Triangle's board of directors or any committee thereof at which such board of directors
or such committee will determine whether such offer is a Superior Offer; (iii) Triangle's board of directors determines in good faith (after taking into account the advice of Banc of America
Securities LLC or another independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) that such offer constitutes a Superior Offer; (iv) Triangle's board of directors determines in good
faith, after having taken into account the advice of Triangle's outside legal counsel, that, in light of such Superior Offer, the failure to withdraw the Triangle Board Recommendation or modify the
Triangle Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Gilead or the Purchaser would be inconsistent with the fiduciary obligations of Triangle's board of directors to Triangle's stockholders under
applicable legal requirements; and (v) such Superior Offer shall not have resulted directly or indirectly from any breach of the non-solicitation or related provisions of the Merger
Agreement or from any action taken by Triangle or any of its Representatives with the intent of circumventing any of the provisions set forth in the non-solicitation or related provisions
of the Merger Agreement. 

Reasonable Efforts to Complete Transactions  

        The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, Gilead and Triangle must use reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions necessary to complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including (i) making all filings (if any) and giving all notices (if any) required to be made and given
in connection with the Offer and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) using reasonable efforts to obtain each consent (if any) required to be
obtained in connection with the Offer and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and (iii) using reasonable efforts to lift any restraint, injunction or
other legal bar to the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. However, Gilead does not have any obligation: (i) to dispose of or transfer or
cause any of its subsidiaries to dispose of or transfer any assets, or to commit to cause Triangle or either of its subsidiaries to dispose of any assets; (ii) to discontinue or cause any of
its subsidiaries to discontinue developing or offering any product; (iii) to license or otherwise make available, or cause any of its subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available, to any
person, any right with respect to any of its products for any indication, or any other intellectual property or intellectual property right, or to commit to cause Triangle or either of its
subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available to any person any right with respect to Emtricitabine or any other material Triangle Pharmaceutical Product for any indication, or any related
intellectual property or intellectual property right; (iv) to hold separate or cause any of its subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or operations, or to commit to cause Triangle or either
of its subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or operations; or (v) to make or cause any of its subsidiaries to make any commitment (to any governmental body or otherwise) regarding its
future operations or the future operations of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries. 

Employee Benefits Matters  

        Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Gilead is to make available, or cause Triangle to make available, upon the completion of the Merger, (i) to each employee
of Triangle who holds a position of Executive Vice President or higher as of the date of the Merger Agreement and who remains employed by Triangle immediately prior to the completion of the Merger,
continued "at-will" employment for a minimum period of 180 days from the completion of the Merger, and (ii) to each employee of Triangle who holds a position at a level below
Executive Vice President as of the date of the Merger Agreement and who remains employed by Triangle immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, continued "at-will" employment for a
minimum period of 120 days from the completion of the Merger. The terms and conditions of employment for each employee of Triangle who, following the completion of the Merger, either continues
his or her employment with 

Triangle, or becomes an employee of Gilead (in either case, a "Continuing Employee"), will include (x) the right to receive, during the applicable minimum period specified above, a salary and
benefits under health and welfare plans that are comparable to the salary and the benefits under health and welfare plans to which such Continuing Employee is entitled as of the date of the Merger
Agreement, and (y) the right to continue receiving the salary and benefits described in clause "(x)" for the remainder of the applicable minimum period if the employment of such Continuing
Employee were terminated by Triangle or Gilead during such minimum period. However, nothing in the Merger Agreement is to be construed to (i) limit the right of Gilead or Triangle to amend or
terminate any benefit plan at any time following the completion of the Merger or (ii) affect the "at-will" status of any Continuing Employee. Following the expiration of the
applicable minimum period specified above with respect to a Continuing Employee, such Continuing Employee (if he or she continues to be employed by Triangle or Gilead) will have the right to receive
benefits under Gilead's health and welfare benefit plans that are comparable to the benefits under such plans to which similarly situated employees of Gilead are then entitled. The Merger Agreement
provides that, to the extent permitted by applicable legal requirements and the terms of such plans, for purposes of participation, vesting and differential benefits based on length of service in any
such plan, all service by a Continuing Employee with Triangle is to be credited toward service with Gilead. In addition, the Merger Agreement provides that Gilead will, at or after the completion of
the Merger, grant to Continuing Employees options to purchase common stock of Gilead under Gilead's stock option plans. Gilead will determine the levels of such stock option grants on an
employee-by-employee basis, in a manner determined by Gilead to be adequate to maintain continuing incentives for Continuing Employees after the completion of the Merger. 

        The
Merger Agreement further requires that, unless otherwise directed in writing by Gilead, Triangle take (or cause to be taken) all actions necessary or appropriate to terminate, any
plan, program, policy, contract or other arrangement (with certain exceptions) providing for compensation, severance, performance awards, stock or stock-related awards, fringe benefits or other
employee benefits or remuneration of any kind that is or has been maintained, contributed to or required to be contributed to by Triangle, its subsidiaries or any of its affiliates for the benefit of
any current or former employee or director of Triangle, its subsidiaries or any of its affiliates, or with respect to which Triangle or its subsidiaries or any of its affiliates has or may in the
future have any liability or obligation and that contains a cash or deferred arrangement intended to qualify under Section 401(k) of the IRC. 

Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance  

        The Merger Agreement provides that all rights to indemnification by Triangle existing in favor of those persons who are directors and officers of Triangle as of
the date of the Merger Agreement (the "Indemnified Persons") for their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger, as provided in Triangle's bylaws (as in effect as of the date
of the Merger Agreement) and as provided in the indemnification agreements between Triangle and said Indemnified Persons (as in effect as of the date of the Merger Agreement) in the forms disclosed by
Triangle to Gilead prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, will survive the Merger and must be observed by Triangle to the fullest extent available under Delaware law. 

        In
addition, the Merger Agreement provides that from the time of the completion of the Merger until the sixth anniversary of the completion of the Merger, Gilead must cause Triangle to,
and Triangle must maintain in effect, for the benefit of the Indemnified Persons with respect to their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger, the existing policy of
directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained by Triangle as of the date of the Merger Agreement in the form disclosed by Triangle to Gilead prior to the date of the Merger Agreement (the
"Existing Policy"). However, (i) Triangle may substitute for the Existing Policy a policy or policies of 

comparable coverage; and (ii) Triangle will not be required to pay annual premiums for the Existing Policy (or for any substitute policies) in excess of $1,250,000 in the aggregate. In the
event any future annual premiums for the Existing Policy (or any substitute policies) exceed $1,250,000 in the aggregate, Triangle will be entitled to reduce the amount of coverage of the Existing
Policy (or any substitute policies) to the amount of coverage that can be obtained for a premium equal to $1,250,000. 

Conditions to the Merger  

        The Merger Agreement provides that the respective obligations of the parties to complete the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions: 


if
required by applicable law, the Merger Agreement must be adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of greater than 50% of the shares of Triangle
common stock outstanding on the record date for the meeting of the holders of Triangle common stock to vote on the adoption of the Merger Agreement;


no
temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of the Merger shall have been issued by any
court of competent jurisdiction and remain
in effect, and there shall not be any legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the Merger that makes completion of the Merger illegal; and


the
Purchaser shall have accepted for payment and paid for shares of Triangle common stock pursuant to the Offer. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement  

        The Merger Agreement provides that it may be terminated: 


by
mutual written consent of Gilead and Triangle at any time prior to the completion of the Merger;


by
either Gilead or Triangle at any time prior to the completion of the Merger if a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental body shall have
issued a final and nonappealable order, decree or ruling, or shall have taken any other action, having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the acquisition or
acceptance for payment of, or payment for, shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer or the Merger or making the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer or
completion of the Merger illegal, except that a party will not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement on the foregoing basis if the imposition of such order, decree or ruling or the taking of
such action is attributable to the failure of such party to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement required to be performed by such party on or prior to the Acceptance Date;


by
either Gilead or Triangle prior to the Acceptance Date if the Offer shall have expired without the acceptance for payment of shares of Triangle common
stock (the "Expiration Termination Right"), except that a party shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement on the foregoing basis if the failure to accept shares of Triangle common stock
for payment in the Offer is attributable to a failure on the part of such party to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement required to be performed by such party on or prior to the Acceptance
Date;


by
either Gilead or Triangle at any time prior to the Acceptance Date if the acceptance for payment of shares of Triangle common stock pursuant to the Offer
has not occurred on or prior to the close of business on June 1, 2003 (the "End Date Termination Right"), except 

that
a party may not terminate the Merger Agreement on the foregoing basis if the failure to accept shares of Triangle common stock for payment pursuant to the Offer by the close of business on
June 1, 2003 is attributable to a failure on the part of such party to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement required to be performed by such party on or prior to the Acceptance Date; 


by
Gilead or Triangle on April 21, 2003, if (i) the HSR Condition, the Legality Condition or the Legal Proceeding Condition (each as defined in
Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase) shall not have been satisfied prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement, and (ii) Triangle has delivered to
Gilead, on April 15, 2003, an irrevocable notice of intended termination of the Merger Agreement; except that Triangle may not terminate the Merger Agreement on the foregoing basis if
(A) the failure to satisfy such condition is attributable to a failure on the part of Triangle to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement required to be performed by Triangle on or prior
to the Acceptance Date or (B) Gilead has delivered to Triangle on or prior to April 21, 2003 a document confirming that Gilead is forgiving $20,000,000 of the principal balance of the
Convertible Loan (as defined below);


by
Gilead or Triangle on May 21, 2003, if (i) the HSR Condition, the Legality Condition or the Legal Proceeding Condition shall not have been
satisfied prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement, and (ii) Triangle shall have delivered to Gilead, on May 15, 2003, an irrevocable notice of intended termination of the Merger
Agreement; except that Triangle may not terminate the Merger Agreement on the foregoing basis if (A) the failure to satisfy such condition is attributable to a failure on the part of Triangle
to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement required to be performed by Triangle on or prior to the Acceptance Date or (B) Gilead has delivered to Triangle on or prior to May 21,
2003 a document confirming that Gilead is forgiving $10,000,000 of the principal balance of the Convertible Loan;


by
Gilead at any time prior to the Acceptance Date (i) if a Triggering Event (as defined below) has occurred (the "Triggering Event Termination
Right") or (ii) if (A) the board of directors of Triangle shall have taken any action demonstrating that the board of directors of Triangle does not support the Offer or the Merger or
does not believe that the Offer or the Merger is in the best interests of Triangle's stockholders or (B) a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Triangle has been commenced by any
person (other than Gilead and the Purchaser) and Triangle has not sent to its securityholders, within ten business days after the commencement of such tender or exchange offer, a statement disclosing
that Triangle recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer (the "Support Termination Right");


by
Triangle at any time prior to the Acceptance Date, in order to accept a Superior Offer and enter into the Specified Agreement (as defined below) relating
to such Superior Offer, if (i) such Superior Offer has not resulted directly or indirectly from any breach of the non-solicitation or related provisions of the Merger Agreement or
from any action taken by Triangle or any of its Representatives with the intent of circumventing any of those provisions, (ii) the board of directors of Triangle, after satisfying all of the
requirements for withdrawing or modifying its recommendation of the Offer and otherwise causing Triangle to comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Merger Agreement, has authorized
Triangle to enter into a binding written definitive acquisition agreement providing for the completion of a transaction constituting a Superior Offer (the "Specified Agreement"), (iii) Triangle
has delivered to Gilead a written notice (that includes a copy of the Specified Agreement as an attachment) containing Triangle's representation that the Specified Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered to Triangle by the other party thereto, that the board of directors of Triangle has authorized the execution and delivery of the Specified Agreement on behalf of Triangle and that Triangle
will enter into the Specified Agreement immediately upon 

termination
of the Merger Agreement, (iv) a period of at least three business days has elapsed since the receipt by Gilead of such notice, and Triangle has made its Representatives reasonably
available during such period for the purpose of engaging in negotiations with Gilead regarding a possible amendment of the Offer or a possible alternative transaction, (v) any proposal by
Gilead to amend the Offer or enter into an alternative transaction has been considered by the board of directors of Triangle in good faith, and Triangle's board of directors has determined in good
faith (after having taken into account the advice of Triangle's outside legal counsel and the advice of Banc of America Securities LLC or another independent financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation) that the terms of the proposed amended Offer (or other alternative transaction) are not as favorable to Triangle's stockholders, from a financial point of view, as the transaction
contemplated by the Specified Agreement, (vi) Triangle has paid the entire outstanding principal balance of, all accrued and unpaid interest on and any other amounts owing under the Convertible
Loan, and (vii) Triangle has paid to Gilead the fee required to be made to Gilead pursuant to the Merger Agreement in connection with such termination (the "Superior Offer Termination Right"); 


by
Gilead at any time prior to the Acceptance Date if (i) any of Triangle's representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement are
inaccurate as of the date of the Merger Agreement such that the Accuracy Condition (as defined in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase) would not be satisfied
(except that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties as of the date of the Merger Agreement, (A) all materiality qualifications contained in such
representations and warranties will be disregarded and (B) any update of or modification to the disclosure schedule provided by Triangle to Gilead and the Purchaser in connection with the
Merger Agreement made or purported to have been made after the date of the Merger Agreement will be disregarded), or (ii) any of Triangle's covenants contained in the Merger Agreement have been
breached such that the Covenant Condition (as defined in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase) would not be satisfied except that if an inaccuracy in any of
Triangle's representations and warranties or a breach of a covenant by Triangle is curable by Triangle within 30 days after the date of the occurrence of such inaccuracy or breach and Triangle
is continuing to exercise reasonable efforts to cure such inaccuracy or breach, then Gilead may not terminate the Merger Agreement on account of such inaccuracy or breach (1) during the
30-day period commencing on the date on which Triangle receives notice of such inaccuracy or breach or (2) after such 30-day period if such inaccuracy or breach has been
cured in a manner that does not result in a breach of any covenant of Triangle; or


by
Triangle at any time prior to the Acceptance Date if (i) any of Gilead's representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement are
materially inaccurate as of the date of the Merger Agreement, such that the inaccuracy in Gilead's representations and warranties has a material adverse effect on Gilead's ability to satisfy its
obligations under the Merger Agreement (except that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties as of the date of the Merger Agreement, all materiality
qualifications contained in such representations and warranties will be disregarded), or (ii) any of Gilead's covenants contained in the Merger Agreement have been materially breached; except
that if an inaccuracy in any of Gilead's representations and warranties or a breach of a covenant by Gilead is curable by Gilead within 30 days after the date of the occurrence of such
inaccuracy or breach and Gilead is continuing to exercise reasonable efforts to cure such inaccuracy or breach, then Triangle may not terminate the Merger Agreement on the foregoing basis on account
of such inaccuracy or breach (1) during the 30-day period commencing on the date on which Gilead receives notice of such inaccuracy or breach or 

(2) after
such 30-day period if such inaccuracy or breach has been cured in a manner that does not result in a breach of any covenant of Gilead. 

        A
"Triggering Event" will be deemed to have occurred if: (i) the board of directors of Triangle has failed to recommend that Triangle's stockholders accept the Offer, tender their
shares of Triangle common stock pursuant to the Offer or (if required by applicable law) vote to adopt the Merger Agreement, or has withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Gilead the Triangle
Board Recommendation; (ii) Triangle has failed to include the Triangle Board Recommendation in the Schedule 14D-9; (iii) the board of directors of Triangle has
approved, endorsed or recommended any Acquisition Proposal; (iv) Triangle has entered into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract contemplating any Acquisition Transaction; or
(v) any Acquisition Proposal has resulted directly or indirectly from Triangle or either of its subsidiaries or any Representative of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries having breached, or
having taken any action with the intent of circumventing, any of the non-solicitation or related provisions of the Merger Agreement. 

Fees and Expenses; Termination Fee  

        The Merger Agreement provides that all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement and the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement are to be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not any shares of Triangle common stock are purchased pursuant to the Offer and whether or not the
Merger is completed, except that Gilead and Triangle will share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with the filing, printing and mailing of this Offer to
Purchase and all related documents and the proxy statement relating to the Merger, if required, and any amendments or supplements thereto. 

        The
Merger Agreement further provides that if (i) the Merger Agreement is terminated by Gilead or Triangle pursuant to the Expiration Termination Right or the End Date Termination
Right, (ii) at or prior to the time of the termination of the Merger Agreement an Acquisition Proposal has been disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or made and (iii) within
360 days after the date of termination of the Merger Agreement, an Acquisition Transaction is completed or Triangle enters into a definitive agreement contemplating an Acquisition Transaction,
then Triangle must pay to Gilead, in cash, a nonrefundable fee in an amount equal to $18,000,000 at or prior to the completion of such Acquisition Transaction. Solely for purposes of clause "(iii)" of
the preceding sentence, (1) the term "Acquisition Transaction" is not deemed to include a pure equity financing transaction that is not related to a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, share
exchange, business combination, tender offer or exchange offer if, following such pure equity financing transaction, no person or "group" (as defined in the Exchange Act or the rules thereunder) of
persons has beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 35% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries,
(2) the definition of Acquisition Transaction is not deemed to include any license, sublicense or assignment of, or any grant of any marketing, distribution, co-promotion or other
right with respect to, any Triangle Pharmaceutical Product or any related intellectual property or intellectual property right material to
any Triangle Pharmaceutical Product, and (3) each reference in the definition of Acquisition Transaction to "15%" is deemed to refer instead to "35%." 

        The
Merger Agreement provides that if the Merger Agreement is terminated by Gilead pursuant to the Triggering Event Termination Right or by Triangle pursuant to the Superior Offer
Termination Right, then Triangle must pay to Gilead, in cash at the time specified in the next sentence, a nonrefundable fee in an amount equal to $18,000,000. In the case of termination of the Merger
Agreement by Gilead pursuant to the Triggering Event Termination Right, the fee referred to in the preceding sentence must be paid by Triangle within two business days after such termination; and in
the case of termination of the Merger Agreement by Triangle pursuant to the Superior Offer 

Termination Right, the fee referred to in the preceding sentence must be paid by Triangle at or prior to the time of such termination. 

        The
Merger Agreement provides that if the Merger Agreement is terminated by Gilead pursuant to the Support Termination Right, then Triangle must make a nonrefundable cash payment to
Gilead, within two business days after such termination, in an amount equal to the lesser of $1,500,000 or the aggregate amount of all fees and expenses (including all attorneys' fees, accountants'
fees and filing fees) that have been paid or that may become payable by or on behalf of Gilead in connection with the preparation and negotiation of the Merger Agreement and otherwise in connection
with the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

        If
Triangle fails to pay when due any amount described above, then (i) Triangle must reimburse Gilead for all costs and expenses (including reasonable fees and reasonable
disbursements of counsel) incurred in connection with the collection of such overdue amount and the enforcement by Gilead of its rights, and (ii) Triangle must pay to Gilead interest on such
overdue amount (for the period commencing as of the date such overdue amount was originally required to be paid and ending on the date such overdue amount is actually paid to Gilead in full) at a rate
per annum three percentage points above the "prime rate" (as announced by Bank of America, N.A. or any successor thereto) in effect on the date such overdue amount was originally required to be paid. 

The Stockholder Agreements  

        The following is a summary of the Stockholder Agreements entered into by Gilead and the Purchaser with certain of Triangle's directors and certain additional
stockholders of Triangle. The following summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms of these Stockholder Agreements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms of
the Stockholder Agreements, copies of which are filed as Exhibit (d)(2) and Exhibit (d)(3) to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and Gilead in connection with the Offer, and are incorporated in this Offer to Purchase by reference. The forms of Stockholder Agreements may be examined, and
copies obtained, by following the
procedures described in Section 8 (Certain Information Concerning Triangle) of this Offer to Purchase. 

        In
order to induce Gilead and the Purchaser to enter into the Merger Agreement, each of: Bijou Trust U/A 3/11/86 c.o. McFadden Trustee f/b/o Piers Moreton Trust; Anthony B. Evnin;
Standish M. Fleming; Fleming Family Trust; Fleming Family Children's Trust; Forward II Associates, L.P.; Forward Ventures IV B, L.P.; GEM Trust U/A/ 3/4/83 c.o. McFadden Trustees f/b/o/ Georgiana
Moreton Trust; George & Leslie Taylor McFadden Trustees, U/A dated 9/22/71 f/b/o Elizabeth Cutting McFadden Trust; Dennis Gillings, Ph.D.; Grabowski Associates Pension Plan; Henry G. Grabowski,
Ph.D.; Stewart J. Hen; Jonathan S. Leff; Carol McFadden; Wilhemina Josephine McFadden 1995 Trust dated Nov. 6, 1995 between George McFadden, as donor, and David R. Hamilton, as Trustee; and
Daniel G. Welch has entered into a Stockholder Agreement with Gilead and the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Stockholder Agreements, each of the stockholders has agreed, in their respective capacities as
stockholders of Triangle, to tender all of their shares of Triangle common stock, as well as any additional shares of Triangle common stock which they may acquire (pursuant to Triangle stock options
or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. In addition, each of: Forward Ventures II, L.P.; Forward Ventures III, L.P.; Forward Ventures IV, L.P.; George McFadden; the Alexander B. McFadden Trust;
Warburg Pincus Private Equity VIII, L.P.; Venrock Associates; Venrock Associates II, L.P.; and QFinance, Inc. has entered into a Stockholder Agreement with Gilead and the Purchaser in
which they agreed to tender their shares to the Purchaser in the offer and also, at any meeting of, or written action by, the stockholders of Triangle, to vote all of their shares of Triangle common
stock 

in favor of the Merger, the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by Triangle and the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

        Each
of the stockholders that has entered into a Stockholder Agreement has agreed, in such person's capacity as a stockholder of Triangle, to promptly (and, in any event, not later than
five business days after commencement of the Offer) validly tender or cause to be tendered into the Offer, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Offer, and to not withdraw or permit the
withdrawal of (unless and until the Offer expires without the Purchaser having accepted for payment any shares of Triangle common stock tendered in the Offer), all of such stockholder's shares of
Triangle common stock, including any additional shares of Triangle common stock which such stockholder may acquire. 

        Each
such stockholder has also agreed that, with certain limited exceptions, such stockholder will not (except as contemplated by the Stockholder Agreement) sell, pledge, encumber, grant
an option with respect to, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of such stockholder's shares of Triangle common stock, or enter into an agreement or commitment contemplating any of the foregoing. In
addition, each such stockholder has also agreed, in such person's capacity as a stockholder of Triangle, not to take, directly or indirectly any action that Triangle or any of its representatives
would be prohibited from taking, directly or indirectly, pursuant to the nonsolicitation or related provisions of the Merger Agreement. However, the foregoing provisions do not preclude those
stockholders who are also members of the Triangle board of directors (or their representatives) from taking certain actions (acting as a member of the board of directors of Triangle) that they are
permitted to take under the Merger Agreement. In addition, nothing in the respective Stockholder Agreements is to be construed to limit or affect any action or inaction by any stockholder, or any
director, officer,
partner, member or employee, as applicable, of such stockholder, in either case serving on Triangle's board of directors acting in such person's capacity as a director or fiduciary of Triangle, and no
such stockholder will have any liability to Gilead or Purchaser or any of their affiliates under the Stockholder Agreement for any action or inaction taken by such stockholder, or any director,
officer, partner, member or employee, as applicable, of such stockholder, serving on Triangle's board of directors acting in such person's capacity as a director or a fiduciary of Triangle. 

        Each
of the stockholders whose Stockholder Agreement contains voting provisions has agreed, pursuant to the terms of such stockholder's respective Stockholder Agreement and in such
person's capacity as a stockholder of Triangle, as follows: 


that
until the earlier of the completion of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement, at any meeting of Triangle's stockholders, and in any
action by consent of Triangle's stockholders, such stockholder will vote (or cause to be voted) all of such stockholder's shares of Triangle common stock: (i) in favor of the Merger, the
execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by Triangle, and the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and in favor of the other actions contemplated thereby; and (ii) against
certain matters and actions specified in the Stockholder Agreement; and


to
appoint Gilead and certain representatives of Gilead as such stockholder's attorneys and proxies, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to
vote and otherwise act with respect to all such stockholder's shares of Triangle common stock at any meeting of Triangle's stockholders, and in any action by written consent of Triangle's
stockholders, on the matters and in the manner specified in the Stockholder Agreement. 

        In
addition, pursuant to the Stockholder Agreement entered into by Warburg Pincus Private Equity VIII, L. P. ("Warburg"), Warburg agreed that after the completion of the Merger, neither
Warburg nor any affiliate of Warburg will have any rights or claims against Triangle, Gilead or any other person under the Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2001, between Warburg and
Triangle. 

Shares Subject to the Stockholder Agreements  

        As of December 3, 2002, the stockholders who executed Stockholder Agreements held in the aggregate 31,574,469 shares of Triangle common stock, which
represented approximately 41% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock as of that date. Of such shares of Triangle common stock, 30,906,949 shares, which represented approximately 40% of the
outstanding shares of Triangle common stock as of that date, were held by stockholders whose Stockholder
Agreements also contained the voting provisions described above. The Stockholder Agreements provide that they terminate upon any termination of the Merger Agreement. 

The Convertible Loan  

        The following is a summary of the $50,000,000 convertible loan (the "Convertible Loan") that was made by Gilead to Triangle on December 9, 2002, to help
fund Triangle's working capital needs and for other corporate purposes pending the successful completion of the Offer, pursuant to an obligation to provide such funds that was set forth in the Merger
Agreement. The following summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Convertible Loan, the 7.50% Convertible Note (the "Convertible Note") evidencing the
Convertible Loan executed by Triangle in favor of Gilead, or the Investor Rights Agreement between Triangle and Gilead providing Gilead with certain rights associated with its possible acquisition and
ownership of the Triangle common stock into which the Convertible Loan is convertible. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Convertible Note and the Investor Rights Agreement
(as defined below), copies of which are filed as exhibits to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and Gilead in
connection with the Offer, and which are incorporated in this Offer to Purchase by reference. 

        Under
the terms of the Merger Agreement, Gilead agreed, at or before the close of business on December 10, 2002, to lend Triangle the sum of $50,000,000. Gilead provided such
funds to Triangle on December 9, 2002. Contemporaneously with the provision of such funds to Triangle, Triangle and Gilead executed the Convertible Note, and Triangle and Gilead entered into
the Investor Rights Agreement. 

Convertible Note  

        Pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Note, the Convertible Loan will bear interest on the outstanding daily balance thereof from the date of disbursement
until satisfaction in full at 7.50% per annum, with a default rate of interest equal to the lesser of 17.0% per annum or the maximum rate permissible by law. Commencing with a payment on
December 31, 2002, Triangle is required to pay interest on the Convertible Loan in cash quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of
each year and on the maturity date. The Convertible Loan is unsecured. 

        The
outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Loan (and any interest accrued thereon) is immediately due and payable upon the earliest of the following dates: 


the
date of termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to the Superior Offer Termination Right;


December 9,
2007; or


the
date on which any event of default occurs under the Convertible Note. 

        The
events of default under the Convertible Note include the following: 


if
Triangle fails to pay when due the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Convertible Note when due at its stated maturity, upon required
repurchase, upon declaration or acceleration or otherwise;


if
(A) Triangle or either of its subsidiaries makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (B) an order, judgment or decree is entered
adjudicating Triangle or either of its subsidiaries bankrupt or insolvent, (C) any order for relief with respect to Triangle or either of its subsidiaries is entered under the Bankruptcy Reform
Act, Title 11 of the United States Code, (D) Triangle or either of its subsidiaries petitions or applies to any tribunal for the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver or liquidator of
Triangle or either of its subsidiaries or of any substantial part of the assets of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries, or commences any proceeding relating to Triangle or either of its
subsidiaries under any bankruptcy reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law of any jurisdiction, or (E) any such petition or application is
filed, or any such proceeding is commenced, against Triangle or either of its subsidiaries and either (1) Triangle or either of its subsidiaries by any act indicates its approval thereof,
consent thereto or acquiescence therein or (2) such petition, application or proceeding is not dismissed within 45 days;


if
Triangle or either of its subsidiaries defaults under any indebtedness for money borrowed by Triangle or either of its subsidiaries (or the payment of
which is guaranteed by Triangle or either of its subsidiaries), beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such indebtedness was created, the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of which exceeds $1,000,000, other than indebtedness owed to Triangle or any of its Subsidiaries, whether such indebtedness or guarantee existed as of December 9,
2002 or is created thereafter;


if
Triangle fails to comply with its obligations under the provisions of the Convertible Note relating to Gilead's right to convert the Convertible Loan into
shares of Triangle common stock or to have the Convertible Loan repurchased upon any change of control of Triangle; and


if
Triangle fails to comply with any of several covenants specified in the Convertible Note. 

        The
principal amount of the Convertible Loan may be reduced under the following circumstances: 


if
(i) Triangle delivers to Gilead, on April 15, 2003, an irrevocable notice of intended termination of the Merger Agreement, (ii) the
HSR Condition, the Legality Condition or the Legal Proceeding Condition (each as defined in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase) shall not have been
satisfied, (iii) the failure to satisfy any such condition is not attributable to a failure on the part of Triangle to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement required to be performed by
Triangle on or prior to the Acceptance Date, and (iv) Gilead delivers to Triangle on or prior to April 21, 2003 a document confirming that Gilead is forgiving $20,000,000 of the
principal balance of the Convertible Loan (which has the effect under the Merger Agreement of preventing the termination of the Merger Agreement notwithstanding the foregoing notice from Triangle),
then the principal amount of the Convertible Loan will be reduced by $20,000,000; and


if
(i) Triangle delivers to Gilead, on May 15, 2003, an irrevocable notice of intended termination of the Merger Agreement, (ii) the HSR
Condition, the Legality Condition or the Legal Proceeding Condition shall not have been satisfied, (iii) the failure to satisfy any such condition is not attributable to a failure on the part
of Triangle to perform any covenant in the 

Merger
Agreement required to be performed by Triangle on or prior to the Acceptance Date, and (iv) Gilead delivers to Triangle on or prior to May 21, 2003 a document confirming that
Gilead is forgiving $10,000,000 of the principal balance of the Convertible Loan (which has the effect under the Merger Agreement of preventing the termination of the Merger Agreement notwithstanding
the foregoing notice from Triangle), then the principal amount of the Convertible Loan will be reduced by $10,000,000. 

        At
any time after December 9, 2003, the Convertible Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest and unpaid delay or default amounts thereon is convertible, in whole or in part, at
the option of Gilead, at any time and from time to time into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Triangle common stock at a price of $6.90 per share. The conversion price is subject to adjustment
for stock splits, dividends, distributions, the effect of certain corporate transactions involving Triangle and the effect of certain issuances of additional securities by Triangle. 

        From
and after December 9, 2005, or upon a "Change of Control" of Triangle (as defined below) prior to December 9, 2003, Triangle, at its option, may upon written notice to
Gilead redeem the Convertible Note, in whole but not in part, to the extent it has funds legally available and irrevocably reserved therefor and such redemption is not prohibited by the terms of its
outstanding indebtedness, at the redemption price of 100% of the face amount thereof, plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid interest and unpaid delay or default amounts thereon, if any, to
the redemption date; except that in the event of such redemption by Triangle from and after December 9, 2005, (i) a registration statement covering the shares into which the Convertible
Loan is
convertible has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and is currently effective, and (ii) Triangle is permitted (without the necessity of any further approvals or
action) by law and under the rules of any securities exchange on which Triangle common stock is traded to convert the Convertible Note into shares of Triangle common stock and Triangle intends and has
the financial resources and ability to redeem the Convertible Note. Triangle's right to redeem the Convertible Note does not prevent Gilead from converting the Convertible Note into shares of Triangle
common stock at any time after December 9, 2003 prior to the payment of the redemption proceeds of the Convertible Note. 

        For
purposes of the Convertible Note, "Change of Control" means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any person or group of
shares representing a majority of the voting securities of Triangle; (b) any transaction or series of related transactions (including without limitation, any reorganization, merger or
consolidation) such that the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock (or securities which are convertible into or exchangeable for Triangle common stock) are exchanged for or converted into
securities which represent less than a majority of the voting securities of the surviving entity; (c) any transaction or series of related transactions (including without limitation, any
reorganization, merger or consolidation) such that Triangle's stockholders immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions own less than a majority of the voting securities of the
surviving entity; (d) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of Triangle's assets; or (e) the
occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of Triangle by persons who were neither (i) nominated by the board of directors of Triangle nor
(ii) appointed by directors so nominated. 

        In
the event that a Change of Control occurs at any time after December 9, 2003, Gilead has the right for ninety (90) days after delivery of notice to Gilead of such Change
of Control, at Gilead's option, to require Triangle to repurchase the Convertible Loan or any portion thereof. The date of such repurchase will be thirty (30) days after the date on which
Triangle is required to notify Gilead of such Change of Control. The repurchase price in the event of such Change of Control will be equal to the greater of (A) the "Conversion Value" (as
defined below) of the Convertible Note or (B) the sum of (i) the face amount of the Convertible Note as of that date, (ii) accrued but unpaid 

interest on the Convertible Note as of that date, and (iii) unpaid delay or default amounts on the Convertible Note as of that date. The "Conversion Value" of the Convertible Note as of a
particular date means the value that Gilead would be entitled to receive upon (a) conversion of the Convertible Note at $6.90 per share (subject to adjustment as described above), followed by
(b) the subsequent sale of the shares of Triangle common stock received thereby at the greater of the last closing price per share of Triangle common stock immediately prior to the time
(A) of the closing of a repurchase of the Convertible Note or (B) of the event triggering the right to repurchase. 

Investor Rights Agreement  

        In order to induce Gilead to make the Convertible Loan, Triangle agreed to provide Gilead with registration rights pursuant to an Investor Rights Agreement dated
as of December 9, 2002, between
Triangle and Gilead (the "Investor Rights Agreement" and together with the Convertible Note, the "Financing Documents"). Pursuant to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, Triangle must use its
best efforts to effect the registration of any shares of Triangle common stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Note (except for securities (a) sold in the public market pursuant to
a registration statement or under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, (b) sold in certain private transactions or (c) held by a person whose registration rights under the Investor
Rights Agreement have terminated or expired) (the "Registrable Securities"). 

        Triangle
has agreed to prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 as expeditiously as reasonably possible
after the Convertible Note becomes convertible in accordance with its terms (and in any event within fifteen days thereafter), covering the sale of the Registrable Securities, and must keep the
registration statement effective for up to two years or, if earlier, (a) until each holder of Registrable Securities has distributed its Registrable Securities or (b) the date on which
the Registrable Securities may be resold by each holder thereof without restriction by the volume limitations of Rule 144(e) of the Securities Act. Triangle must also prepare and file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission any amendments and supplements to the registration statement and the prospectus used in connection with the registration statement as may be necessary to comply with
the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by the registration statement. After the registration of the Registrable Securities, Triangle must
furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities copies of a current prospectus, registration statement, any amendment or supplement thereto and any documents incorporated by reference therein and
such other documents as such holder may reasonably require in order to facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities owned by such holder. Triangle must also use its best efforts to list the
Registrable Securities with all securities exchanges and/or markets on which Triangle common stock is then listed and prepare and file any required filings with the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. or any exchange or market where Triangle common stock is listed. 

        Pursuant
to the Investor Rights Agreement, Gilead has agreed, except under limited circumstances, not to make any disposition of all or any portion of Registrable Securities until
(a) there is in effect a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such proposed disposition and such disposition is made in accordance with such registration statement;
(b) the disposition is made under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or its equivalent or (c) (A) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of the Investor
Rights Agreement, (B) Gilead has notified Triangle of the proposed disposition and furnished Triangle with a statement of the circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition and
(C) if reasonably requested by Triangle upon the written advice of counsel to Triangle, Gilead shall have furnished Triangle with an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory to Triangle,
that such disposition will not require registration under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, Gilead is permitted to engage in derivative, hedging or similar transactions
with respect to the Registrable Securities 

and the Convertible Note. Gilead is also permitted to pledge the Registrable Securities and the Convertible Note pursuant to a bona fide margin account or lending arrangement entered into in
compliance with law. 

        Gilead
has agreed not to transfer a number of Registrable Securities greater than 3% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock per calendar quarter, except that Gilead may
transfer a "block" (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a) of the Exchange Act) in one or more private transactions. Upon receipt of notice from Triangle, Gilead must immediately discontinue
any sales of Registrable Securities until it receives an amended registration statement, supplemented or amended prospectus or is advised in writing by Triangle that the use of the applicable
registration statement may be resumed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Gilead may not be prohibited from selling Registrable Securities under the registration statement as a result of suspensions on
more than two occasions in any twelve-month period unless, in the good faith judgment of Triangle's board of directors, upon written advice of counsel to Triangle, the sale of the Registrable
Securities under the registration statement would reasonably be likely to cause a violation of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and result in potential liability to Triangle. 

        All
registration rights granted under the Investor Rights Agreement terminate on December 9, 2009. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the registration rights expire if all Registrable
Securities may be sold under Rule 144(k) of the Securities Act. Gilead may assign the rights to cause Triangle to register Registrable Securities to any transferee or assignee of Registrable
Securities that (a) is a person or entity that holds Registrable Securities pursuant to a transfer permitted by the Investor Rights Agreement or (b) acquires at least one million shares
of Registrable Securities. 

13.    Certain Conditions to the Offer  

        The following is a summary of all of the conditions to the Offer, and the Offer is expressly conditioned on the satisfaction of these conditions. The following
summary does not purport to be a complete description of the conditions to the Offer contained in the Merger Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of
which is filed as an exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and Gilead in connection with the Offer, and
is incorporated in this Offer to Purchase by reference. The Merger Agreement may be examined, and copies obtained, by following the procedures described in Section 8 (Certain Information
Concerning Triangle) of this Offer to Purchase. 

        The
Merger Agreement provides that the Purchaser is not required to accept for payment, or (subject to any applicable rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission) pay
for, and may delay the acceptance for payment of, or (subject to any applicable rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission) the payment for, any tendered shares of Triangle common
stock, and (subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement) may terminate the Offer on any scheduled Expiration Date of the Offer and not accept for payment any tendered shares of Triangle common stock,
if (i) the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied by midnight, New York City time, on the Expiration Date of the Offer or (ii) any of the following conditions shall not have been
satisfied: 


the
waiting period applicable to the purchase of or payment for shares of Triangle common stock pursuant to the Offer under the HSR Act shall have expired or
been terminated, and there shall not
be in effect any voluntary agreement between Gilead and the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice pursuant to which Gilead has agreed not to consummate the Offer for any period of time
(the "HSR Condition");


each
of the representations and warranties of Triangle contained in the Merger Agreement shall have been accurate in all respects as of the date of the
Merger Agreement (except that 

any
representation or warranty that, by its express terms, speaks only as of an earlier date need only have been accurate as of such earlier date); except that, (i) this does not require any
of Triangle's representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement to have been accurate as of a date subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement, (ii) for purposes of
determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties as of the date of the Merger Agreement (or any applicable earlier date), (A) all materiality qualifications contained in such
representations and warranties shall be disregarded and (B) any update of or modification to Triangle's disclosure schedule provided to Gilead and the Purchaser in connection with the Merger
Agreement made or purported to have been made after the date of the Merger Agreement shall be disregarded and (iii) the inaccuracies in such representations and warranties shall be disregarded
for purposes of such condition if all such inaccuracies and the circumstances and events underlying such inaccuracies, considered collectively: (A) do not have a material and adverse effect on
the intrinsic value of Triangle and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, as compared to the intrinsic value of Triangle and its subsidiaries taken as a whole as of the date of the Merger Agreement
assuming the accuracy as of the date of the Merger Agreement of such representations and warranties; (B) do not have a material and adverse effect on the financial condition of Triangle and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, as compared to the financial condition of Triangle and its subsidiaries taken as a whole as of the date of the Merger Agreement assuming the accuracy as of the date of
the Merger Agreement of such representations and warranties; and (C) do not have a material and adverse effect on the capitalization of Triangle, as compared to the capitalization of Triangle
as of the date of the Merger Agreement assuming the accuracy as of the date of the Merger Agreement of such representations and warranties (the "Accuracy Condition"); 


each
covenant or obligation that Triangle is required to comply with or to perform at or prior to the Acceptance Date has been complied with and performed in
all material respects (the "Covenant Condition");


Gilead
and Triangle have received a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Triangle confirming that the Accuracy
Condition and the Covenant Condition have been duly satisfied, which certificate shall be in full force and effect;


no
temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the purchase of or payment for shares of Triangle common stock
pursuant to the Offer, or preventing completion of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, shall have been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction and
remain in effect, and there is not any legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that makes the
purchase of or payment for
shares of Triangle common stock pursuant to the Offer, or the completion of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, illegal (the "Legality Condition"); and


there
shall not be pending or overtly threatened any legal proceeding in which a governmental body is or is threatened to become a party or is otherwise
involved (excluding any legal proceeding where the only involvement of any governmental body is that a court or other tribunal is the venue for the adjudication of such legal proceeding):
(i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the purchase of or payment for shares of Triangle common stock pursuant to the Offer, or the completion of the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (ii) relating to the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and seeking to obtain from Gilead
or Triangle or either of Triangle's subsidiaries any damages or other relief that may be material to Gilead or Triangle or either of Triangle's subsidiaries; (iii) seeking to prohibit or 

limit
in any material respect Gilead's ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the stock of Triangle; (iv) that if adversely
determined could reasonably be expected to have the effect of materially and adversely affecting the right of Gilead, Triangle or either of Triangle's subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the
business of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries; or (v) seeking to compel Triangle or either of its subsidiaries, Gilead or any subsidiary of Gilead to dispose of, hold separate or license
any material asset or material right as a result of the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the "Legal Proceeding Condition"). 

        The
foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Gilead and the Purchaser and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, may be waived by Gilead or the Purchaser,
in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, in the sole discretion of Gilead and the Purchaser. The failure by Gilead or the Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights
will not be deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right will be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to time. The Offer is expressly subject to the
satisfaction of each of the foregoing conditions. 

        If
the Offer is terminated pursuant to the foregoing provisions, all tendered shares of Triangle common stock will be promptly returned to the tendering stockholders. 

14.    Certain Legal Matters  

        Except as described in this Section 14, based on information provided by Triangle, none of Triangle, the Purchaser or Gilead is aware of any license or
regulatory permit that appears to be material to the business of Triangle that might be adversely affected by the Purchaser's acquisition of shares of Triangle common stock in connection with the
Offer or the Merger, or of any approval or other action by a domestic or foreign governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority that
would be required for the acquisition and ownership of shares of Triangle common stock by the Purchaser in connection with the Offer or the Merger. Should any such approval or other action be
required, the Purchaser and Gilead presently contemplate that such approval or other action will be sought, except as described below under "State Takeover Laws". While, except as otherwise described
in this Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser does not presently intend to delay the acceptance for payment of, or payment for, shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer pending the
outcome of any such matter, there can be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that failure to obtain
any such approval or other action might not result in consequences adverse to Triangle's business or that certain parts of Triangle's business might not have to be disposed of or other substantial
conditions complied with in the event that such approvals were not obtained or such other actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such approval or other action. If certain types of adverse
action are taken with respect to the matters discussed below, the Purchaser could decline to accept for payment, or pay for, shares of Triangle common stock that are tendered in the Offer. See
Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to governmental actions. 

Delaware Law  

        In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents an interested stockholder (generally, a stockholder owning 15% or more of a corporation's outstanding voting
stock or an affiliate thereof) from engaging in a business combination (generally defined to include a merger and certain other transactions as described below) with a Delaware corporation for a
period of three years following the time when such stockholder became an interested stockholder unless (i) prior to such time the 

corporation's board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (ii) upon completion of the
transaction that resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the corporation's voting stock outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced (excluding shares owned by certain employee stock option plans and persons who are directors and also officers of the corporation) or (iii) at or subsequent to such time,
the business combination is approved by the corporation's board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66

/

% of
the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder (and such action may not be taken by written consent). 

        Triangle's
board of directors has taken all actions necessary to exempt the Merger Agreement, the Stockholder Agreements, the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement from the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. 

State Takeover Statutes  

        A number of states have adopted laws that purport, to varying degrees, to apply to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in, or that have
substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or principal places of business or whose business operations otherwise have substantial economic effects in, such states. Triangle,
directly or through subsidiaries, conducts business in a number of states throughout the United States, some of which have enacted such laws. Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, it is not
known whether any of these laws will, by their terms, apply to the Offer or the Merger and the Purchaser has not complied with any such laws. To the extent that certain provisions of these laws
purport to apply to the Offer or the Merger, it is believed that there are reasonable bases for contesting such laws. 

        In
1982, in a case named 
Edgar v. MITE Corp
., the Supreme Court of the United States invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois
Business Takeover Statute, which, as a matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations meeting certain requirements more difficult. In 1987, however, in a case named 

CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of
America
, the Supreme Court of the United States held that the State of Indiana could, as a matter of corporate law,
constitutionally disqualify a potential acquiror from voting shares of a target corporation without the prior approval of the remaining stockholders where, among other things, the corporation is
incorporated, and has a substantial number of stockholders, in the state. Subsequently, in a case named 
TLX Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp
., a Federal
District Court located in the State of Oklahoma ruled that certain Oklahoma statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they purported to apply to corporations incorporated outside of the State of
Oklahoma in that they would subject such corporations to inconsistent regulations. Similarly, in a case named 
Tyson Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds
, a
Federal District Court located in the State of Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside of the State of Tennessee.
This decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In December 1988, a Federal District Court located in the State of Florida held in a case named 

Grand Metropolitan PLC v.
Butterworth
 that the provisions of the Florida Affiliated Transactions Act and the Florida Control Share Acquisition Act were
unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside of the State of Florida. 

Antitrust  

        United States Antitrust Law.
    Under the HSR Act, and the rules that have been promulgated under the HSR Act by the Federal
Trade Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition transactions may not be completed unless certain information has been furnished to the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice
(the "Antitrust Division") and certain waiting period 

requirements have been satisfied. The Offer and the Merger are subject to the filing and waiting period requirements of the HSR Act. 

        Pursuant
to the requirements of the HSR Act, Gilead, on behalf of itself and the Purchaser, filed a Notification and Report Form with respect to the Offer and Merger with the Antitrust
Division and the FTC on December 9, 2002. As a result, the waiting period applicable to the purchase of shares pursuant to the Offer is scheduled to expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City
time, on December 24, 2002. However, prior to such time, the Antitrust Division or the FTC may extend the waiting period by requesting additional information or documentary material relevant to
the Offer from the Purchaser. If such a request is made, the waiting period will be extended until 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the tenth day after substantial compliance by the Purchaser
with such request. Thereafter, such waiting period can be extended only by court order. 

        The
FTC and the Antitrust Division frequently scrutinize the legality under the antitrust laws of transactions such as the Purchaser's acquisition of shares of Triangle common stock in
the Offer and the Merger. At any time before the Purchaser's acquisition of shares of Triangle common stock, the FTC or the Antitrust Division could take such action under the antitrust laws as it
deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the Purchaser's acquisition of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer, the Merger or otherwise, or seeking the
divestiture of shares of Triangle common stock acquired by the Purchaser, or the divestiture of substantial assets of Gilead, Triangle or their respective subsidiaries. At any time after the
Purchaser's acquisition of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer and the Merger, the FTC or the Antitrust Division could take such action under the antitrust laws as either deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest, including seeking the divestiture of the shares of Triangle common stock acquired by the Purchaser in the Offer and the Merger or the divestiture of substantial
assets of Gilead, Triangle or their respective subsidiaries. In this regard, the Merger Agreement provides that at the request of Gilead, Triangle must agree to divest, sell, license, dispose of, hold
separate or otherwise take or commit to take any action that limits the ability of Triangle or either of its subsidiaries to operate or retain any of the businesses, product lines or assets of
Triangle or either of its subsidiaries, provided that any such action is conditioned upon the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. However, under the Merger Agreement
Gilead does not have any obligation: (i) to dispose of or transfer or cause any of its subsidiaries to dispose of or transfer any assets, or to commit to cause Triangle or either of its
subsidiaries to dispose of any assets; (ii) to discontinue or cause any of its subsidiaries to discontinue developing or offering any product; (iii) to license or otherwise make
available, or cause any of its subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available, to any person, any right with respect to any of its products for any indication, or any other intellectual property
or intellectual property right, or to commit to cause Triangle or either of its subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available to any person any right with respect to Emtricitabine or any other
material Company Pharmaceutical Product for any indication, or any related intellectual property or intellectual property right; (iv) to hold separate or cause any of its subsidiaries to hold
separate any assets or operations (either before or after the completion of the Merger), or to commit to cause Triangle or either of its subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or operations; or
(v) to make or cause either of its subsidiaries to make any commitment (to any governmental body or otherwise) regarding its future operations or the future operations of Triangle or either of
its subsidiaries. 

        Private
parties, as well as state governments, may also bring legal action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer
or the Merger or other acquisition of shares of Triangle common stock by the Purchaser on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is made, of the result. See Section 13
(Certain
Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to litigation and certain governmental actions. 

        Foreign Antitrust Law.
    The antitrust and competition laws of certain foreign countries may apply to the Offer and the Merger
and filings and notifications may be required. The Purchaser, Gilead and Triangle are reviewing whether any such filings are required in connection with the Offer or the Merger and intend to make such
filings promptly to the extent required. 

Federal Reserve Board Regulations  

        Shares of Triangle common stock are currently margin securities under the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal
Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of shares of Triangle common stock. Depending upon factors similar to those described
above regarding listing and market quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, shares of Triangle common stock would no longer constitute margin securities for the purposes of the margin
regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for loans made by brokers. 

15.    Fees and Expenses  

        The Purchaser and Gilead have retained Goldman, Sachs & Co. to act as the Dealer Manager for the Offer, Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to
act as the Information Agent for the Offer, and Mellon Investor Services LLC to serve as the Depositary for the Offer. Each of the the Information Agent and the Depositary will receive reasonable and
customary compensation for its services, and each of the Dealer Manager, the Information Agent and the Depositary will be reimbursed for certain reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses and will be indemnified against certain liabilities and expenses in connection with its services, including certain liabilities and expenses under United States federal securities laws. 

        The
Information Agent may contact holders of Triangle common stock by mail, telephone, facsimile, email, telegraph and personal interview and may request banks, brokers, dealers and
other nominees to forward materials relating to the Offer to beneficial owners of Triangle common stock. 

        Neither
the Purchaser nor Gilead will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than to the Depositary, the Dealer Manager, the Information Agent and in
the event that the laws of one or more jurisdictions require the Offer to be made by a broker or dealer
licensed in such jurisdiction, to such broker or dealer) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of shares of Triangle common stock in connection with the Offer. Upon request, the Purchaser
will reimburse brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding material to their customers. 

16.    Miscellaneous  

        The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of shares of Triangle common stock in any jurisdiction in which the
making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Offer would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. Neither the Purchaser nor Gilead is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of
the Offer or the acceptance of the Offer would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. To the extent that the Purchaser or Gilead becomes aware of any state law that would limit the
class of offerees in the Offer, the Purchaser may amend, in its discretion, the Offer and, depending on the timing of such amendment, if any, may extend, in its discretion, the Offer to provide
adequate dissemination of such information to holders of shares of Triangle common stock prior to the expiration of the Offer. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require
the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of the Purchaser 

by the Dealer Manager or by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction to be designated by the Purchaser. 

No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation on behalf of the Purchaser or Gilead that is not contained in this Offer to
Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized.

        The
Purchaser and Gilead have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act,
together with exhibits, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer, and may file amendments to such document. In addition, Triangle has filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, together with exhibits, containing its
recommendation with respect to the Offer and the reasons for such recommendation and furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer. Such documents and any amendments to such
documents, including the related exhibits, should be available for inspection and copies should be obtainable in the manner described in Section 8 (Certain Information Concerning Triangle) of
this Offer to Purchase, except that such material will not be available at the regional offices of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SIMBOLO ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

December 16,

SCHEDULE I    

    DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF
  THE PURCHASER AND GILEAD    

1.    Directors and Executive Officers of the Purchaser  

        The name, business address, present principal occupation or employment and material occupations, positions, offices or employment for the past five years of each
of the directors and executive officers of the Purchaser are set forth below. The business address of each such director and executive officer is Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., c/o Gilead
Sciences, Inc., 333 Lakeside Drive, Foster City, California 94404. All directors and officers listed below are citizens of the United States. 

Name and Position

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History

John Milligan,

Ph.D. President

Dr. Milligan was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in March 2002. Dr. Milligan joined Gilead Sciences in 1990, beginning as a Research Scientist and transitioning to Project Management
in 1994. In 1996 he became Director of Project Management and Project Team Leader for the Gilead and Hoffmann-La Roche collaboration on Tamiflu. In 1998 he transitioned to Corporate Development and in March 2000 he was promoted to Vice President,
 Corporate Development with responsibility for licensing, corporate partnerships and mergers and acquisitions. Dr. Milligan received a doctorate in Biochemistry from the University of Illinois and was an American Cancer Society Postdoctoral
fellow at the University of California at San Francisco.

Mike Aguiar

Chief Financial Officer and Director

Mike Aguiar joined Gilead in September 2002 as Vice President of Finance. Prior to joining Gilead he served as the Vice President of Finance at Immunex where he was responsible for all financial activities and led the divestiture of the Luekine
product line. Prior to Immunex Mr. Aguiar was with Honeywell International for 6 years and served in a variety of finance management positions. He was most recently the CFO of the $1.3B Electronic Materials business unit. Prior to Honeywell, he
was a mergers and acquisitions associate at Geneva Capital. Mr. Aguiar received an MBA from the University of Michigan in finance and has a bachelor of science degree in Biology from the University of California, Irvine.

Gregg H. Alton

Secretary and Director

Gregg H. Alton is Gilead's Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Alton joined Gilead in October 1999 as Associate General Counsel and in April 2000 was promoted to General Counsel. Prior to joining Gilead, Mr. Alton was in private
practice. From 1993 to 1997 and from 1998 to 1999, Mr. Alton was a member of the Mergers and Acquisitions Group in Cooley Godward llp's Palo Alto office. From 1997 to 1998, Mr. Alton practiced law at the Boston office of Mintz, Levin, Cohn,
Ferris, Glovsky & Popeo, P.C. In private practice, Mr. Alton focused primarily on representing biotechnology, healthcare and high technology companies in corporate transactions, in particular, mergers and acquisitions and securities
offerings. Mr. Alton received his J.D. from Stanford Law School in 1993, his bachelor's degree from the University of California at Berkeley in 1989, and is a member of the State Bar of California.

S-1

2.    Directors and Executive Officers of Gilead  

        The name, business address, present principal occupation or employment and material occupations, positions, offices or employment for the past five years of each
of the directors and executive officers of Gilead are set forth below. Except as indicated below, the business address of each such director or executive officer is c/o Gilead Sciences, Inc.,
333 Lakeside Drive, Foster City, California 94404. All directors and officers listed below are citizens of the United States. 

Name and Position

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History

John C. Martin

President and Chief Executive Officer Director

Dr. Martin has served as President and CEO of Gilead since April 1996. He joined Gilead in October 1990 as Vice President for Research and Development. From 1984 to 1990 he was employed at Bristol-Myers Squibb, where
he was Director of Antiviral Chemistry and participated in the development of ddI and D4T. Dr. Martin was with Syntex Corporation from 1978 to 1984. Dr. Martin is the co-inventor of ganciclovir, a pharmaceutical now marketed by Syntex for
the treatment of cytomegalovirus infection. Dr. Martin served on a variety of government committees for the evaluation of antiviral research funding and on the editorial board of Antiviral Research. He was President of the International Society
of Antiviral Research from 1998 through 2000 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Bay Area Bioscience Center from 1999 through 2001. He currently serves on the National Advisory Allergy & Infectious Diseases Council. Dr. Martin
received his Ph.D. in organic chemistry from the University of Chicago and received the Isbell Award of the American Chemical Society for his applications of carbohydrate chemistry to the design of medicinally active nucleosides and
nucleotides.

Norbert W. Bischofberger, Ph.D.

Executive Vice President, Research and Development

Dr. Bischofberger joined Gilead in August 1990 as Director of Organic Chemistry and was promoted to Vice President, Organic Chemistry in February 1993 and Senior Vice President, Research and Development in January 1998. In November 2000,
Dr. Bischofberger was promoted to Executive Vice President of Research and Development. From 1986 to 1990, Dr. Bischofberger was in Genentech's DNA Synthesis Group, where he served most recently as Senior Scientist, DNA Chemistry. He
received his Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry at Eidgenossische Technische Hochschule in Zurich, Switzerland. He then performed postdoctoral research in steroid chemistry at Syntex, followed by research in Professor George Whiteside's lab at Harvard
University, where his emphasis was organic chemistry and applied enzymology.

S-2

Mark L. Perry, J.D.

Executive Vice President, Operations

Mr. Perry joined Gilead in July 1994 as Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary and assumed the additional responsibilities of Chief Financial Officer in July 1996. Mr. Perry was promoted to Senior Vice President in January 1998, in
February 2000 was promoted to Senior Vice President, Operations and in November 2000 was promoted to Executive Vice President, Operations. From 1981 to 1994, Mr. Perry was with Cooley Godward in San Francisco and Palo Alto, California. Cooley
Godward serves as Gilead's outside counsel. Mr. Perry was an associate with Cooley Godward from 1981 to 1987, and a partner from 1987 to 1994. Mr. Perry received his J.D. from the University of California, Davis and is a member of the
California Bar.

Michael K. Inouye

Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing

Mr. Inouye joined Gilead in 1995 as Vice President, Sales and Marketing to build up Gilead's commercial organization before the launch of Vistide. He was promoted to Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing in November 2000. Immediately before
Gilead, Mr. Inouye was Vice President, Sales and Marketing at InSite Vision from 1994 to 1995. Prior to that, he was with Merck and Co., Inc. for 13 years where he held a succession of sales and marketing management positions, including Senior
Director, Marketing Planning and Senior Region Director, Field Sales. Before joining Merck in 1980, Mr. Inouye was with American Home Products in field sales.

William A. Lee, Ph.D.

Senior Vice President, Research

Dr. Lee joined Gilead as Director of Pharmaceutical Product Development in August 1991, became Vice President, Pharmaceutical Product Development in January 1995 and in February 2000 was promoted to Vice President, Research and Pharmaceutical
Development. In November 2000, Dr. Lee was promoted to Senior Vice President, Research and Product Development. Dr. Lee is a co-inventor of Roche's immune suppressive drug, Cellcept, a prodrug of mycophenolic acid, which is currently on the
market. Dr. Lee was Department Head of Drug Delivery and Formulation at California Biotechnology, Inc. from 1986 to 1991 and with Syntex from 1985 to 1986. He received his Ph.D. in Physical Organic Chemistry from the University of California at
San Diego and did postdoctoral work at the Ecole Polytech Federal Lausanne and the University of California at Santa Barbara.

S-3

John Milligan, Ph.D.

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Dr. Milligan was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in March 2002. Dr. Milligan joined Gilead in 1990, beginning as a Research Scientist and transitioning to Project Management in 1994. In 1996 he became Director of
Project Management and Project Team Leader for the Gilead and Hoffmann-La Roche collaboration on Tamiflu. In 1998 he transitioned to Corporate Development and in March 2000 he was promoted to Vice President, Corporate Development with
responsibility for licensing, corporate partnerships and mergers and acquisitions. Dr. Milligan received a doctorate in Biochemistry from the University of Illinois and was an American Cancer Society Postdoctoral fellow at the University of
California at San Francisco.

James M. Denny

Chairman of the Gilead Board of Directors

Mr. Denny joined Gilead's board of directors in 1996 following his retirement from Sears and serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. He is a former director of Astra AB and previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and
Planning Officer of G.D. Searle & Co., as well as Chairman of Pearle Health Services, Inc., a Searle-affiliated company. He is a director of Allstate Corporation, GATX Corporation and ChoicePoint, Inc., the Chairman of Northwestern Memorial
Foundation, and a Senior Advisor to William Blair Capital Partners, LLC.

Paul Berg, Ph.D.

Director

Dr. Berg joined the Gilead board of directors and became a member of the Scientific Advisory Board in April 1998. Dr. Berg is currently Cahill Professor in Cancer Research and Biochemistry emeritus at Stanford University School of Medicine,
where he has been on the faculty since 1959. He has been the Director of the Stanford University Beckman Center for Molecular and Genetic Medicine since its founding in 1985. Dr. Berg is a director of Affymetrix, Inc. and Transgene, Inc. He has
been a member of the National Academy of Sciences since 1966 and received the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1980 for his studies of the biochemistry of nucleic acids, particularly recombinant DNA.

Etienne F. Davignon

Director

Mr. Davignon joined Gilead's board of directors in September 1990. He has served as the Vice Chairman of Socit Gnrale de Belgique, a diversified financial and industrial company, since 1985. Mr. Davignon
served as the European Community's Commissioner for Industry and International Markets from 1977 to 1981, and as the EC's Vice President for Research, Industry and Energy Policies from 1981 to 1984. Mr. Davignon is a director of Fiat S.A.,
Compagnie de Suez, Minorco S.A. and a number of other European companies.

S-4

Cordell W. Hull

Director

Mr. Hull is the co-founder, Chairman and CEO of InfrastructureWorld, Inc., a business-to-business portal for the global infrastructure community. Prior to founding InfrastructureWorld, Inc., he held the positions of Chairman of Bechtel
Enterprises, Chief Financial Officer of Bechtel Group and President of American Express Company's merchant banking operations in London. Mr. Hull serves as a Director of Darby Overseas Investments, Ltd., Bechtel Group, Inc., Bechtel Enterprises
and the Fremont Group.

Gordon E. Moore, Ph.D.

Director

Dr. Moore joined Gilead's board of directors in January 1996, and served as a member of Gilead's Business Advisory Board from July 1991 until January 1996. Dr. Moore also serves as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. Dr. Moore is a
co-founder and Chairman Emeritus of Intel Corporation, where he previously served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. He also served as Director of Research and Development for the Fairchild Semiconductor Division of Fairchild Camera
and Instrument Corporation. Dr. Moore is a director of Transamerica Corporation and is Chairman of the Board of Trustees at the California Institute of Technology. He received the National Medal of Technology in 1990.

George P. Shultz, Ph.D.

Director

Dr. Shultz joined Gilead's board of directors in January 1996. Dr. Shultz currently serves as Distinguished Fellow at the Hoover Institution and as a director of the Bechtel Group, Inc., AirTouch Communications and Gulfstream Aerospace
Corporation. Dr. Shultz served as U.S. Secretary of State from 1982 to 1989 and earlier served as Secretary of Labor, Director of the Office of Management and Budget and Secretary of the Treasury. Previously, he served as Dean of the Graduate
School of Business at the University of Chicago and as President of the Bechtel Group, Inc. In 1989, Dr. Shultz was awarded the Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor.

Gayle Edlund Wilson

Director

Wife of former California Governor Pete Wilson, Mrs. Wilson served as California's First Lady from 1991-1999. Mrs. Wilson currently serves as a director of Chela Financial, Inc., a nonprofit corporation providing financial assistance to students
pursuing higher education, and the Ralph M. Parsons Foundation, a nonprofit organization providing grants primarily in the areas of higher education, social impact, civic and cultural issues, and health. She also serves as an advisor for
BroadDaylight, Inc., a leading provider of software designed to streamline Web-based customer service functions. In addition, Mrs. Wilson is a trustee of the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) and a member of its Jet Propulsion Lab
Committee. Mrs. Wilson also serves on the Compensation Committee of Gilead's board of directors.

S-5

        Manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal will be accepted. The Letter of Transmittal, certificates for shares of Triangle common stock and any other required
documents should be sent or delivered by each stockholder of Triangle or such stockholder's broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth
below. 

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Overnight Courier:

By Hand:

For Eligible Institutions Only:

(201) 296-4293

For Confirmation Only:

(201) 296-4860

P.O. Box P.O. Box 3301

South Hackensack, NJ 07606

Attn: Reorganization Department

85 Challenger Road

Mail Stop Reorg

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Attn: Reorganization Department

120 Broadway

th
 Floor

New York, NY 10271

        Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer
Manager at their respective telephone numbers and locations listed below. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or any other
materials related to the Offer may be obtained from the Information Agent or Dealer Manager. You may also contact your broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning
the Offer. 

The
Information Agent for the Offer is: 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.

17 State Street, 10
th
 Floor

New York, NY 10004  

 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 440-9800

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 295-4328  

The Dealer Manager for the Offer is: 

Goldman, Sachs & Co.

85 Broad Street

New York, NY 10004  

 Call Collect: (212) 902-1000

Call Toll Free: (800) 323-5678

S-

QuickLinks

IMPORTANT



SUMMARY TERM SHEET

INTRODUCTION

THE TENDER OFFER

SCHEDULE I DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE PURCHASER AND GILEAD

EX-99.(A)(2)

a2096276zex-99_a2.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(2)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(2)    

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL  

 To Tender

Shares of Common Stock  

 of  

 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

 Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase

Dated December 16, 2002  

 by  

 Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc.,

A Wholly Owned Subsidiary of

Gilead  

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

The Depositary for the Offer is: 

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Overnight Courier:

By Hand:

For Eligible Institutions Only:

(201) 296-4293

For Confirmation Only:

(201) 296-4860

P.O. Box P.O. Box 3301

South Hackensack, NJ 07606

Attn: Reorganization Department

85 Challenger Road

Mail Stop  Reorg

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Attn: Reorganization Department

120 Broadway

th
 Floor

New York, NY 10271

DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA A
FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE WILL 
NOT
 CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER. YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE
APPROPRIATE SPACE PROVIDED BELOW, WITH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE IF REQUIRED, AND COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW.

The Instructions set forth in this Letter of Transmittal should be read carefully before this Letter of Transmittal is completed.

Description of Shares Tendered

Name(s) and Address(es)

of Registered Holder(s)

(Please Fill In, if Blank, Exactly as Name(s)

and Addresses Appear(s) on Share Certificate(s))

Shares Tendered

(Attach Additional Signed List If Necessary)

Share

Certificate

Number(s)*

Total Number of

Shares Represented

by Share

Certificate(s)*

Number of Shares Tendered**

Total Shares

  *

Need not be completed if transfer is made by book-entry transfer.

**

Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all shares represented by the listed certificates are being tendered. See Instruction 4. IF ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES THAT

YOU OWN HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED, SEE INSTRUCTION 10.

        This Letter of Transmittal is to be used either if certificates for Shares (as defined herein) are to be delivered herewith or, unless an Agent's Message (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase, which is defined herein) is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described in the Offer to
Purchase to an account maintained by the Depositary (as defined herein) at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase). Stockholders whose certificates for
Shares are not immediately available or who cannot deliver either the certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to, their Shares,
and all other documents required hereby, to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) of the Offer (as defined below) must tender their Shares in accordance
with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2. 
Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility does
not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

o
CHECK
HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER MADE TO AN ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH THE
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER): 

Name of Tendering Institution:

Account Number:

Transaction Code Number:

o
CHECK
HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY, ENCLOSE A
PHOTOCOPY OF SUCH NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING: 

Name(s) of Registered Owner(s):

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:

Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery:

If delivered by book-entry transfer check box: 
o

NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW  

 PLEASE READ THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY  

Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

        The
undersigned hereby tenders to Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Gilead"), the above described shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share ("Shares"), of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Triangle"), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchaser's Offer to Purchase, dated December 16, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and this Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto or hereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged. 

        Upon
the terms of the Offer, subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of, and payment for, the Shares tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the
undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, the Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all the Shares that are being tendered herewith (and any and all
dividends, distributions, other Shares or other securities or rights issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after December 16, 2002 (collectively, "Distributions")) and irrevocably
constitutes and appoints Mellon Investor Services LLC (the "Depositary") the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned, with full power of substitution
(such power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to the full extent of the undersigned's rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions)
(i) to deliver certificates for such Shares (and any such other Shares or securities or rights) or transfer ownership of such Shares (and any and all Distributions) on the account books
maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility together, in any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity to, or upon the order of, the Purchaser,
(ii) to present such Shares (and any and all Distributions) for transfer on Triangle's books and (iii) to receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership
of such Shares (and any and all Distributions), all in accordance with the terms of the Offer. 

        The
undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered herewith (and any and all
Distributions) and, when the same are accepted for payment by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will acquire good title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, claims and encumbrances, and the
same will not be subject to any adverse claim. The undersigned will, upon request, execute any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or the Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete
the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares tendered herewith (and any and all Distributions). In addition, the undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Depositary for the account of
the Purchaser any and all Distribution in respect of the Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer, and, pending such remittance and transfer or appropriate
assurance thereof, the Purchaser shall be entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of each such Distribution and may withhold the entire purchase price of the Shares tendered hereby or deduct
from such purchase price, the amount of value of such Distribution as determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion. 

        All
authority conferred or agreed to be conferred pursuant to this Letter of Transmittal shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal
representatives of the undersigned and shall not be affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned. Except as described in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is
irrevocable. The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for the Shares or other securities to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of
such Shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions), including voting at any meeting of Triangle's
stockholders. 

        By
executing this Letter of Transmittal, the undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints each of John Milligan and Gregg Alton as an attorney-in-fact and proxy of the
undersigned, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to vote at any annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of Triangle's stockholders or otherwise in such manner as each such
attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or her substitute) shall in his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to, to execute any written consent concerning any matter as
each such attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or her substitute) shall in his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to, and to otherwise act as each such
attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or her substitute) shall in his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to, the Shares tendered herewith that have been accepted for
payment by the Purchaser prior to the time any such action is taken and with respect to which the undersigned is entitled to vote (and any and all Distributions). This appointment is effective when,
and only to 

the extent that, the Purchaser accepts for payment such Shares as provided in the Offer to Purchase. This power of attorney and proxy are irrevocable and are granted in consideration of the
acceptance for payment of such Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior powers of attorney, proxies and consents given by the undersigned with
respect to the Shares tendered herewith (and any and all Distributions) will, without further action, be revoked and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given
(and, if given, will not be deemed effective) by the undersigned in respect of such Shares. 

        The
undersigned understands that the valid tender of Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and in the Instructions hereto will constitute a binding
agreement between the undersigned and the Purchaser upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms or conditions of any such extension
or amendment). 

        Unless
otherwise indicated herein in the box labeled "Special Payment Instructions," please issue the check for the purchase price and/or return any certificate(s) for Shares not
tendered or accepted for payment in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) indicated herein in the box labeled "Description of Shares Tendered" on the cover page of this Letter of Transmittal.
Similarly, unless otherwise indicated herein in the box labeled "Special Delivery Instructions," please mail the check for the purchase price and/or return any certificates for Shares not tendered or
accepted for payment (and accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered holder(s) indicated herein in the box labeled "Description of Shares Tendered" on the cover page
of this Letter of Transmittal. In the event that both of the boxes herein labeled "Special Payment Instructions" and "Special Delivery Instructions," respectively, are completed, please issue the
check for the purchase price and/or return any certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) in the name of, and deliver such check
and/or return such certificates (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to, the person or persons indicated therein. Please credit any Shares tendered herewith by book-entry
transfer that are not accepted for payment by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility. The undersigned recognizes that the Purchaser has no obligation pursuant to the
Special Payment Instructions to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered holder(s) thereof if the Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered. 

        IF
ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED, SEE INSTRUCTION 10. 

SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)  

        To be completed ONLY if certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment
is/are to be issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned. 

Issue    
o
 check    
o
 certificates
to: 

Name

(Please Print)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

(Employer Identification or

Social Security Number)

SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)  

        To be completed ONLY if certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment
is/are to be mailed to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an address other than that listed above. 

Issue    
o
 check    
o
 certificates
to: 

Name

(Please Print)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

(Employer Identification or

Social Security Number)

(Also complete Substitute Form W-9 below) 

SIGN HERE

(Also Complete Substitute Form W-9 Below)

Signature:

(Signature(s) of Stockholder(s))

Dated:

,

          (Must
be signed by registered holder(s) as name(s) appear(s) on the certificate(s) for the Shares or on a security position listing or by person(s) authorized to become registered
holder(s) by certificates and documents transmitted herewith. If signature is by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers of corporations or
others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please provide the following information and see Instruction 5.) 

Name(s)

(Please Print)

Capacity (full title)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

Daytime Area Code and Telephone Number

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number

(See Substitute Form W-9)

GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)

(If Required  See Instructions 1 and 5)

        FOR
USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY. PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE BELOW. 

Authorized Signature

Name

(Please Print)

Title

Name of Firm

Address

(Include Zip Code)

Daytime Area Code and Telephone Number

Dated:

,

INSTRUCTIONS  

 FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  

        1.
    Guarantee of Signatures.
    No signature guarantee is required on this Letter of Transmittal if (i) this
Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of Shares tendered herewith, unless such registered holder(s) has completed either the box labeled "Special Payment Instructions" or the box
labeled "Special Delivery Instructions" on this Letter of Transmittal or (ii) such Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most banks, savings and loan
associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agent's Medallion Program, Nasdaq Stock Market Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or by any
other "eligible guarantor institution", as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (each, an "Eligible Institution"). For purposes
of this Instruction, a registered holder of Shares includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facilities system whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of
the Shares. In all other cases, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5. 

        2.
    Requirements of Tender.
    This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by stockholders either if certificates
are to be tendered herewith or, unless an Agent's Message is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described in the Offer to
Purchase to an account maintained by the Depositary at the Book Entry Transfer Facility. For a stockholder to validly tender Shares in the Offer, either (i) the certificate(s) representing the
tendered Shares, together with this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees and any other required
documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to a
book-entry transfer (a) either this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agent's Message, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer and (b) the Shares to be
tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation must be received by the Depositary
prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer or (iii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date
of the Offer. 

        If
a stockholder desires to tender Shares in the Offer and such stockholder's certificates representing such Shares are not immediately available, or the book-entry transfer
procedures described in the Offer to Purchase cannot be completed on a timely basis, or time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer,
such stockholder may tender such Shares if all the following conditions are met: (i) such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution; (ii) a properly completed and duly
executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by the Purchaser, is received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein prior to the Expiration Date of the
Offer; and (iii) either (a) the certificates representing such Shares, together with this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, and any
required signature guarantees, and any other required documents, are received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein within three trading days (as described below) after the date of
execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or (b) in the case of a book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the
Offer to Purchase, (1) either this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message, and any
other required documents, is received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein and (2) such Shares are delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures
described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation is received by the Depositary, in each case within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery. For purposes of the foregoing, a trading day is any day on which the Nasdaq National Market is open for business. 

The method of delivery of Shares to be tendered in the Offer, this Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at the election and risk of the tendering stockholder. Shares to be tendered in the Offer, will be deemed delivered only when actually received by the
Depositary (including, in the case of a book-entry transfer, by Book-Entry Confirmation). If delivery of Shares is by mail, registered mail with return receipt requested,
properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

        No
alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted and no fractional Shares will be accepted for payment. All tendering stockholders, by execution of this Letter of
Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), waive any right to receive any notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment. 

        3.
    Inadequate Space.
    If the space provided herein is inadequate, the certificate numbers and/or the number of
Shares should be listed on a separate schedule attached hereto and separately signed on each page in the same manner as this Letter of Transmittal. 

        4.
    Partial Tenders (Applicable to Certificate Stockholders Only).
    If fewer than all the Shares evidenced by any
certificate submitted are to be tendered herewith, fill in the number of Shares that are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares Tendered." In any such case, new certificate(s) for the
remainder of the Shares that were evidenced by the old certificate(s) will be sent to the registered holder(s), unless otherwise provided in the appropriate box on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon
as practicable after the acceptance of payment of, and payment for, the Shares tendered herewith. All Shares represented by certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been
tendered unless otherwise indicated. 

        5.
    Signatures on Letter of Transmittal, Stock Powers and Endorsements.
    If this Letter of Transmittal is signed
by the registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered herewith, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on the face of the certificate(s) without any change whatsoever. 

        If
any of the Shares tendered herewith are owned of record by two or more joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal. 

        If
any tendered Shares are registered in different names on several certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate copies of this Letter of Transmittal
as there are different registrations of certificates. 

        If
this Letter of Transmittal or any certificates or stock powers are signed by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers of
corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, such persons should so indicate when signing and proper evidence, satisfactory to the Purchaser, of their authority so to act
must be submitted. 

        When
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) of the Shares tendered herewith, no endorsements of certificates or separate stock powers are required unless payment
is to be made to, or certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are to be issued to, a person other than the registered owner(s). Signatures on such certificates or stock powers must
be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

        If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the registered owner(s) of certificate(s) listed on the cover page, such certificate(s) must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of the registered owner(s) appear on such certificate(s) and the signatures on such certificates or stock powers must be
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

        6.
    Stock Transfer Taxes.
    Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction 6, the Purchaser will pay any stock
transfer taxes with respect to the transfer and sale of Shares to it or its order in the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price is to be made to, or if certificates for Shares not to be
tendered or not accepted for payment are to be registered in the name of, any person(s) other than the registered owner(s), or if tendered
certificate(s) are registered in the name of any person(s) other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered
owner(s) or such person(s)) payable on account of the transfer to such person(s) will be deducted from the purchase price unless satisfactory evidence of the payment of such taxes, or exemption
therefrom, is submitted. 

        Except
as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the certificate(s) listed in this Letter of Transmittal. 

        7.
    Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.
    If a check is to be issued in the name of, and/or certificates for
Shares not accepted for payment are to be returned to, a person other than the person signing this Letter of Transmittal, or if a check is to be sent and/or such certificates are to be returned to a
person other than the person signing this Letter of Transmittal or to an address other than that shown above, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal must be completed. 

        8.
    Waiver of Conditions.
    Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement (as defined in the Offer to
Purchaser), the Purchaser reserves the absolute right in its sole discretion to waive any of the specified conditions (other than the Minimum Condition (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)) of the
Offer, in whole or in part, in the case of any Shares to be tendered herewith. 

        9.
    Backup Withholding.
    In order to avoid backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax on payments of cash in
the Offer, a stockholder tendering Shares in the Offer who is a U.S. citizen or a U.S. resident alien must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such stockholder's correct taxpayer
identification number ("TIN") on Substitute Form W-9 included below in this Letter of Transmittal and certify 

under penalties of perjury that such TIN is correct and that such stockholder is not subject to backup withholding. If a stockholder does not provide such stockholder's correct TIN or fails to
provide the certifications described above, the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") may impose a penalty on such stockholder and payment of cash to such stockholder in the Offer may be subject to
backup withholding of 30%. 

        Backup
withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of the backup withholding can be credited against the Federal income tax liability of the person subject to the backup
withholding, provided that the required information is given to the IRS. If backup withholding results in an overpayment of tax, a refund can be obtained by the stockholder upon filing an income tax
return. 

        The
stockholder is required to give the Depositary the TIN (i.e., social security number or employer identification number) of the record owner(s) of the Shares tendered herewith. If
such Shares are held in more than one name, or are not in the name of the actual owner(s), consult the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9 for additional guidance on which number to report. 

        The
box in Part 3 of the Substitute Form W-9 may be checked if the tendering stockholder has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a TIN or intends to apply
for a TIN in the near future. If the box in Part 3 is checked, the stockholder or other payee must also complete the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number below in order to
avoid backup withholding. Notwithstanding that the box in Part 3 is checked and the
Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number is completed, the Depositary will withhold 30% on all payments made prior to the time a properly certified TIN is provided to the Depositary.
However, such amounts will be refunded to such Stockholder if a TIN is provided to the Depositary within 60 days. 

        See
the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for more instructions. 

        Certain
stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding. Tendering stockholders who are not
U.S. citizens or U.S. resident aliens should complete and sign the main signature form and a Form W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax
Withholding, copies of which may be obtained from the Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding. Stockholders should consult their tax advisors about qualifying for exemption from backup
withholding and the procedure for obtaining such exemption. 

        10.
    Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates.
    If any certificate representing Shares has been lost, destroyed or
stolen, the Stockholder should promptly notify the transfer agent for Triangle common stock, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, at (800) 937-5449. The stockholder will
then be instructed by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company as to the steps that must be taken in order to replace such certificate. This Letter of Transmittal and related documents cannot be
processed until the procedures for replacing lost or destroyed certificates have been completed. 

IMPORTANT:    THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A MANUALLY SIGNED FACSIMILE COPY OF IT) TOGETHER WITH ANY SIGNATURE GUARANTEES, OR IN THE CASE OF A
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, AN AGENT'S MESSAGE, AND ANY OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE OF THE OFFER AND EITHER CERTIFICATES FOR TENDERED
SHARES MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY OR SHARES MUST BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THE PROCEDURES FOR BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE, IN EACH CASE PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION DATE OF THE OFFER, OR THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER MUST COMPLY WITH THE PROCEDURES FOR GUARANTEED DELIVERY DESCRIBED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE.

PAYERS NAME: Mellon Investor Services LLC

SUBSTITUTE

Form 
W-9

Part 1

PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TIN IN THE BOX AT THE RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW.

 Social Security Number(s)

OR

 Employer Identification Number

Department of the Treasury

Internal Revenue Service

Payers Request for Taxpayer

Identification Number (TIN)

Part 2

Certification. 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:

(1) The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued for me) and

(2) I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all
interest or dividends or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding.

Certification Instructions

You must cross out item (2) in Part 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because of underreporting interest or dividends on your tax returns. However, if after being notified by the IRS that you are
subject to backup withholding, you received another notification from the IRS stating that you are no longer subject to backup withholding, do not cross out such item (2). If you are exempt from backup withholding, check the box in Part 4
above.

Part 3

Awaiting TIN 
o

Part 4

Exempt TIN 
o

  Signature:

Date:

NOTE:

Failure to complete and return this Substitute Form W-9 may result in backup withholding of 30% of any payments made to you in the Offer. Please review the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional information.

You must complete the following certificate if you checked

the box in part 3 of Substitute Form W-9.  

 CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER  

        I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number has not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an
application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or (b) I intend to mail or deliver an
application in the near future. I understand that if I do not provide a taxpayer identification number to the Depositary, 30% of all reportable payments made to me will be withheld, but will be
refunded to me if I provide a certified taxpayer identification number within 60 days. 

Signature

Date:

, 200

Manually signed facsimile copies of this Letter of Transmittal will be accepted. This Letter of Transmittal, certificates for Shares and any other required
documents should be sent or delivered by each stockholder or such stockholder's broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary at one of its addresses listed
below.

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Overnight Courier:

By Hand:

For Eligible Institutions Only:

(201) 296-4293

For Confirmation Only:

(201) 296-4860

P.O. Box P.O. Box 3301

South Hackensack, NJ 07606

Attn: Reorganization Department

85 Challenger Road

Mail Stop  Reorg

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Attn: Reorganization Department

120 Broadway

th
 Floor

New York, NY 10271

        Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer
Manager at their respective addresses and telephone numbers listed below. Additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or any other
materials related to the Offer may be obtained from the Information Agent and the Dealer Manager and will be furnished promptly free of charge. You may also contact your broker, dealer, bank, trust
company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. 

The
Information Agent for the Offer is: 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.

17 State Street, 10
th
 Floor

New York, NY 10004  

 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 440-9800

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 295-4328  

Goldman Sachs  

The Dealer Manager for the Offer is: 

Goldman, Sachs & Co.

85 Broad Street

New York, New York 10004  

 Call Collect: (212) 902-1000

Call Toll Free: (800) 323-5678  

QuickLinks

Exhibit (a)(2)

EX-99.(A)(3)

a2096276zex-99_a3.htm

EXHIBIT 99 (A)(3)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(3)  

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery    

    for    

    Tender of Shares of Common Stock    

    of    

    Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    

  to    

    Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc.,
  a wholly owned subsidiary of
  Gilead Sciences, Inc.    

    (not to be used for signature guarantees)    

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS
EXTENDED.

        This
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form substantially equivalent hereto, must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) (i) if certificates ("Share Certificates")
representing shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share ("Shares"), of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation, are not immediately available, (ii) if Share
Certificates and all other required documents cannot be delivered to Mellon Investor Services LLC, the depositary for the Offer (the "Depositary") or (iii) if the procedures for
book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis. This form may be delivered by hand to the Depositary or transmitted by facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must
include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution (as defined in the Purchaser's Offer to Purchase, dated December 16, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase")). See Section 2 of the Offer to
Purchase. 

The
Depositary for the Offer is: 

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Overnight Courier:

By Hand:

For Eligible Institutions Only:

(201) 296-4293

For Confirmation Only:

(201) 296-4860

P.O. Box P.O. Box 3301

South Hackensack, NJ 07606

Attn: Reorganization Department

85 Challenger Road

Mail Stop  Reorg

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Attn: Reorganization Department

120 Broadway

th
 Floor

New York, NY 10271

Delivery of this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to an address other than as set forth above or transmission of instructions
via a facsimile to a number other than as set forth above will not constitute a valid delivery to the Depositary. Deliveries to Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co., the
Dealer Manager for the Offer, or Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., the Information Agent for the Offer, will not be forwarded to the Depositary and therefore will not constitute valid
delivery.

This form is not to be used to guarantee signatures. If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal for the Offer is required to be guaranteed by an "Eligible
Institution" (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) under the Instructions thereto, such signature guarantee must appear in the applicable space provided in the signature box on such Letter of
Transmittal.

The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of Transmittal or an Agent's
Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and shares to the Depositary in the time period shown herein. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible
Institution.

The guarantee on the reverse side must be completed.

        Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

        The
undersigned hereby tenders to Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively
constitute the "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Shares set forth below, all pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to
Purchase. 

Number of Shares:

Certificate Nos. (if available):

(Check box if Shares will be tendered by book-entry transfer) 
o
 [The Depository Trust Company]

Account Number

Dated

Name(s) of Record Holder(s):

Please Print

Address(es):

(Zip Code)

Daytime Area Code and Tel. No.:

Signature(s):

GUARANTEE

(not to be used for signature guarantee)  

        The undersigned, a firm that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agent's Medallion Program or Nasdaq Stock Market Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange
Medallion Program or an "eligible guarantor institution", as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby guarantees to deliver
to the Depositary either the certificates representing the Shares tendered herewith, in proper form for transfer, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer
to Purchase) with respect to such Shares, in any such case together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal for the Offer (or a facsimile copy of it), with any required
signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message (as defined Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase), and any other required documents, within three trading days (as described in the Letter of
Transmittal for the Offer) after the date hereof. 

        The
Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver a Letter of Transmittal for the Offer or an Agent's Message and
certificates for Shares to the Depositary within the time period shown herein. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution. 

Name of Firm

Address(es):

(Zip Code)

Area Code and Tel. No.:

Authorized Signature  

Name:

Please Type or Print

Title:

Dated:

NOTE: DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES WITH THIS NOTICE. SHARE CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOR THE OFFER.

QuickLinks

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery for Tender of Shares of Common Stock of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (not to be used for
signature guarantees)

EX-99.(A)(4)

a2096276zex-99_a4.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(4)

Exhibit (a)(4)  

Offer to Purchase for Cash

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock  

 of  

 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

 at  

 $6.00 Net per Share  

 by  

 Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc.,

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Gilead Sciences, Inc.  

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

December 16,

To
Brokers, Dealers, Banks,

Trust Companies and other Nominees: 

        We
have been engaged by Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Gilead"), to act as the dealer manager (the "Dealer Manager") in connection with the Purchaser's offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (the "Shares"), of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Triangle"), at a price of $6.00 per share (the "Offer Price"), net to the seller in cash, without interest
thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchaser's Offer to Purchase, dated December 16, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"). Please furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients for whom you hold Shares that are
registered in your name or in the name of your nominee. 

        Holders
of Shares who wish to tender their Shares but whose certificates for such Shares (the "Share Certificates") are not immediately available, who cannot complete the procedures for
book-entry transfer on a timely basis, or who cannot deliver all other required documents to Mellon Investor Services LLC (the "Depositary") prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the
Offer to Purchase) of the Offer must tender their Shares according to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in the Offer to Purchase. 

        Enclosed
herewith are copies of the following documents: 

        1.    The
Offer to Purchase dated December 16, 2002; 

        2.    The
Letter of Transmittal to be used by stockholders of Triangle to tender Shares in the Offer (manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal may also be
used to tender Shares); 

        3.    A
letter to stockholders of Triangle from the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of Triangle's board of directors, accompanied by Triangle's
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Triangle which includes the recommendation of Triangle's board of
directors that Triangle stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares to the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer; 

        4.    A
printed form of letter that may be sent to your clients for whose account you hold Shares that are registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, with space
provided for obtaining such clients instructions with regard to the Offer; 

        5.    Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if Share Certificates are not immediately available or if such certificates and all other required documents
cannot be delivered to the Depositary or if the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis; 

        6.    Guidelines
for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9; and 

        7.    Return
envelope addressed to Mellon Investor Services LLC as the Depositary for the Offer. 

We urge you to contact your clients promptly. Please note that the Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
January 15, 2003, unless the Offer is extended.

        The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in
the Offer to Purchase) of the Offer, that number of Shares that, together with any shares of Triangle common stock then owned by Gilead or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead (including the
Purchaser), represent a majority of the "Adjusted Outstanding Share Number", which is defined in the Merger Agreement as the sum of all then-outstanding shares of Triangle common stock,
plus, at the election of Gilead, an additional number of shares of Triangle common stock up to but not exceeding the aggregate number of shares of Triangle common stock issuable upon the exercise of
any outstanding option that is vested or is expected to become vested (other than by reason of the Merger) on or before June 1, 2003, or any warrant or other right to acquire capital stock of
Triangle, or upon the conversion of any security convertible into Triangle capital stock. (The foregoing condition is referred to as the "Minimum Condition" in this Offer to Purchase). Certain of
Triangle's directors and certain additional stockholders of Triangle have entered into stockholder agreements with Gilead and the Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed, in their respective
capacities as stockholders of Triangle, to tender all of their shares of Triangle common stock, as well as any
additional shares of Triangle common stock which they may acquire (pursuant to Triangle stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. The parties to certain of those stockholder
agreements have also agreed to vote all of their shares of Triangle common stock in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement and otherwise in favor of the Merger. As of December 3, 2002, the
stockholders who executed stockholder agreements held in the aggregate 31,574,469 shares of Triangle common stock, which represented approximately 41% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common
stock as of that date. Of such shares of Triangle common stock, 30,906,949 shares, which represented approximately 40% of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock, were held by stockholders
whose Stockholder Agreements also contained the voting provisions described above. The stockholder agreements provide that they terminate upon any termination of the Merger Agreement. The Offer is
subject to certain other conditions contained in Sections 1 and 13 of the Offer to Purchase. 

        The
Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 3, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Gilead, the Purchaser and Triangle
pursuant to which, following the purchase of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Triangle (the
"Merger"), with Triangle surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Gilead, the Purchaser, Triangle or
any subsidiary of Gilead or Triangle, or by any stockholder of Triangle who is entitled to and 

properly exercises appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per Share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

        Triangle's
board of directors has, at a meeting held on December 3, 2002, by the unanimous vote of all directors of Triangle, (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are in the best interests of Triangle and its stockholders, (ii) approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger and (iii) declared that the Merger Agreement is advisable. Accordingly, Triangle's board of directors unanimously recommends that the
stockholders of Triangle accept the Offer and tender their shares of Triangle common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer and, if required, vote to adopt the Merger Agreement. 

        On
the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after the Expiration Date of the Offer, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly
tendered to the Purchaser and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. To validly tender Shares in the Offer (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered Shares, together
with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, and any other required documents, must be received by
the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase
(a) either the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message, (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and
any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer and (b) the Shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the
book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), must be received by
the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer or (iii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the
Expiration Date of the Offer. 

        Neither
the Purchaser nor Gilead will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Dealer Manager, the Depositary and Georgeson Shareholder
Communications Inc., who is serving as the Information Agent for the Offer, as described in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares in connection with
the Offer. You will be reimbursed by the Purchaser upon request for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you in forwarding the enclosed materials to your customers. The Purchaser will
pay or cause to be paid all stock transfer taxes applicable to its purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

        Questions
regarding the Offer, and requests for additional copies of the enclosed material, may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager at their respective addresses
and telephone numbers listed on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. 

Very
truly yours, 

Goldman,
Sachs & Co. 

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL RENDER YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON THE AGENT OF THE PURCHASER, GILEAD, THE DEALER MANAGER, THE DEPOSITARY
OR THE INFORMATION AGENT OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER NOT CONTAINED IN THE OFFER TO
PURCHASE OR THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOR THE OFFER.

EX-99.(A)(5)

a2096276zex-99_a5.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(5)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(5)  

Offer to Purchase for Cash

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock  

 of  

 Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

 at  

 $6.00 Net per Share  

 by  

 Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc.,

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Gilead Sciences, Inc.  

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

December 16,

To
Our Clients: 

        Enclosed
for your consideration is an Offer to Purchase, dated December 16, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and the Letter of Transmittal (which, together with amendments or
supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer") relating to the Offer by Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Gilead"), to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), of Triangle
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Triangle"), at a price of $6.00 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Offer. Also enclosed for your consideration is a letter to the stockholders of Triangle from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Triangle, accompanied by Triangle's
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9. 

        We
(or our nominees) are the holder of record of Shares held by us for your account. A tender of such Shares can be made only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your
instructions. The enclosed Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your information only and cannot be used to tender Shares held by us for your account. 

        We
request instructions as to whether you wish to tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your account pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer. 

        Your
attention is directed to the following: 

        1.    The
offer price for the Offer is $6.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash (without interest thereon) (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms of and subject to the
conditions to the Offer. 

        2.    The
Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares. 

        3.    The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date
(as defined below) of the Offer Shares that, together together with any shares of Triangle common stock then owned by Gilead or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead (including the Purchaser),
represent a majority of the "Adjusted Outstanding Share Number", which is defined in the Merger Agreement as the sum
of all then-outstanding shares of Triangle common stock, plus, at the election of Gilead, an additional number of shares of Triangle common stock up to 

but not exceeding the aggregate number of shares of Triangle common stock issuable upon the exercise of any outstanding option that is vested or is expected to become vested (other than by reason of
the Merger) on or before June 1, 2003, or any warrant or other right to acquire capital stock of Triangle, or upon the conversion of any convertible security. (The foregoing condition is
referred to as the "Minimum Condition" in this Offer to Purchase). Certain of Triangle's directors and certain additional stockholders of Triangle have entered into stockholder agreements with Gilead
and the Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed, in their respective capacities as stockholders of Triangle, to tender all of their shares of Triangle common stock, as well as any additional
shares of Triangle common stock which they may acquire (pursuant to Triangle stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. The parties to certain of those stockholder agreements have
also agreed to vote all of their shares of Triangle common stock in favor of the Merger, the execution and delivery by Triangle of the Merger Agreement and the adoption and approval of the Merger
Agreement. The Offer is subject to certain other conditions contained in Sections 1 and 13 of the Offer to Purchase. 

        4.    The
Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 3, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Gilead, the Purchaser and
Triangle pursuant to which, following the purchase of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into
Triangle (the "Merger"), with Triangle surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Gilead, the Purchaser,
Triangle or any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead or Triangle, or by any stockholder of Triangle who is entitled to and properly exercises appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into
the right to receive the price per Share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

        5.    Triangle's
board of directors has, at a meeting held on December 3, 2002, by the unanimous vote of all directors of Triangle, (i) determined that the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are in the best interests of Triangle and its stockholders, (ii) approved the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger and (iii) declared that the Merger Agreement is advisable. Accordingly, Triangle's board of directors unanimously
recommends that the stockholders of Triangle accept the Offer and tender their shares of Triangle common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer and, if required, vote to adopt the Merger Agreement. 

        6.    
The Offer and withdrawal rights expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on January 15, 2003 (the "Expiration Date"), unless the Offer
is extended by the Purchaser, in which event
the term Expiration Date shall mean the latest time at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire.

        7.    Any
stock transfer taxes applicable to a sale of Shares to the Purchaser will be borne by the Purchaser, except as otherwise set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of
Transmittal. 

        8.    Tendering
stockholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions to the Dealer Manager, the Depositary or the Information Agent, or except as set forth
in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by the Purchaser in the Offer. However, federal income tax backup withholding at a rate of 30% may
be required, unless the required taxpayer identification information is provided or an exemption is available. See the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer for more information. 

        Your
instructions to us should be forwarded promptly to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. 

        If
you wish to have us tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your account, please so instruct us by completing, executing and returning to us the instruction form. An envelope
to return your instructions to us is enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise specified on the detachable part hereof. 

Your instructions should be forwarded to us
in ample time to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer.

        On
the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after the Expiration Date of the Offer, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly
tendered to the Purchaser in the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. To validly tender Shares in the Offer (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered
Shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees and any other required documents,
must be received by the Depositary for the Offer prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures
described in the Offer to Purchase (a) either the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agent's Message described in the Offer to Purchase, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary for the Offer prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer and (b) the
Shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation described in the Offer
to Purchase must be received by the Depositary for the Offer prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer or (iii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures
described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of the Shares to be paid by the Purchaser, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any
delay in making such payment.

        The
Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would
not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. In those jurisdictions where securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be
deemed to be made on behalf of the Purchaser by Goldman, Sachs & Co., the Dealer Manager, or one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction to be
designated by the Purchaser. 

INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
  FOR CASH ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
  OF TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.    

        The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter, the Offer to Purchase of Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., dated December 16, 2002 (the "Offer
to Purchase"), and the Letter of Transmittal relating to shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

        This
will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below (or, if no number is indicated below, all shares) held by you for the account of the undersigned, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal. 

        Number
of Shares to be Tendered(1): 

Shares 

SIGN HERE

Signature(s)

Please Type or Print Name(s)

Please Type or Print Address(es)

Area Code and Telephone Number

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security No.

Dated:                          , 200

(1)
Unless
otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all your Shares are to be tendered. 

QuickLinks

INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

EX-99.(A)(6)

a2096276zex-99_a6.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(6)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(6)  

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
  NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9    

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number for the Payee (You) to Give the Payer.  

        Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: e.g., 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only one
hyphen: e.g., 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to give the payer. 

For this type of account:

Give the SOCIAL SECURITY number of

For this type of account:

Give the EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION number of

1.

An individual's account

The individual

6.

Sole proprietorship account

The owner(3)

2.

Two or more individuals (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined funds, any one of the individuals(1)

7.

A valid trust, estate, or pension trust

The legal entity(4)

3.

Custodian account of a minor (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)

The minor(2)

8.

Corporate account

The corporation

4.

a.

The usual revocable savings trust account (grantor is also trustee)

The grantor-trustee(1)

9.

Partnership account held in the name of the business

The partnership

b.

So-called trust account that is not a legal or valid trust under State law

The actual owner(1)

10.

Association, club, religious, charitable, educational or other tax-exempt organization

The organization

5.

Sole proprietorship account

The owner(3)

11.

A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

12.

Account with the Department of Agriculture in the name of a public entity (such as a State or local government, school district, or prison) that receives agricultural program payments

The public entity

(1)
List
first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.

(2)
Circle
the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.

(3)
You
must show your individual name but, you may also enter your business or "doing business as" name. You may use either your social security number or your employer identification
number (if you have one).

(4)
List
first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust. (Do not furnish the taxpayer identification number of the personal representative or trustee unless the
legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) 

Note: If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be considered to be that of the first name
listed. 

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
  NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9
  Page 2    

Obtaining a Number  

        If you don't have a taxpayer identification number or you don't know your number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card, or Form SS-4,
Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and apply for a number. 

Payees Exempt From Backup Withholding  

        Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL payments include the following: 


A
corporation.


A
financial institution.


An
organization exempt from tax under Section 501(a), or an individual retirement plan.


The
United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.


A
State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any subdivision or instrumentality thereof.


A
foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or any agency or instrumentality thereof.


An
international organization or any agency, or instrumentality thereof.


A
registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United States or a possession of the United States.


A
real estate investment trust.


A
common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a).


An
exempt charitable remainder trust, or a non-exempt trust described in Section 4947(a)(1).


An
entity registered at all times under the investment Company Act of 1940.


A
foreign central bank of issue. 

        Payments
of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 


Payments
to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441.


Payments
to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the United States and which have at least one nonresident alien partner.


Payments
of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in money.


Payments
made by certain foreign organizations.


Payments
made to a nominee. 

        Payments
of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 


Payments
of interest on obligations issued by individuals. 

Note:
 You may be subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid in the course of the payers trade or business and you have not
provided your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer. 


Payments
of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under Section 852).


Payments
described in Section 6049(b)(5) to nonresident aliens.


Payments
on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451.


Payments
made by certain foreign organizations.


Payments
made to a nominee. 

        Exempt
payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE
EXEMPT ON THE FACE OF THE FORM, AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYER. IF THE PAYMENTS ARE INTEREST, DIVIDENDS, OR PATRONAGE DIVIDENDS, ALSO SIGN AND DATE THE FORM. 

        Certain
payments other than interest dividends, and patronage dividends, that are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup withholding. For details, see the
regulations under sections 6041, 6041A(a), 6045, and 6050A. 

Privacy Act Notice.
 Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend, interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers
to payers who must report the payments to IRS. IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are required to file tax returns. Payers
must generally withhold 30% of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payer. Certain penalties may also apply. 

Penalties  

        (1) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER.
    If you fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number
to a payer, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 

        (2) CIVIL PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO WITHHOLDING.
    If you make a false statement with no reasonable basis
which results in no imposition of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500. 

        (3) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION.
    Falsifying certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal
penalties including fines and/or imprisonment. 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE.  

QuickLinks

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 Page 2

EX-99.(A)(7)

a2096276zex-99_a7.txt

EXHIBIT 99(A)(7)

                                                                 EXHIBIT (a)(7)

[LOGO]

GILEAD CONTACTS:                                         TRIANGLE CONTACTS:
Susan Hubbard, Investors                                 Daniel G. Welch
(650) 522-5715                                           (919) 402-1111

Amy Flood, Media                                         R. Andrew Finkle
(650) 522-5643                                           (919) 493-5980

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

      GILEAD SCIENCES TO ACQUIRE TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS FOR $464 MILLION

                      GILEAD TO LAUNCH COVIRACIL(R) IN 2003
             WILL DEVELOP CO-FORMULATION OF VIREAD(R) AND COVIRACIL

FOSTER CITY, CA AND DURHAM, NC, DECEMBER 4, 2002 - Gilead Sciences, Inc.
(Nasdaq: GILD) and Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: VIRS) today announced
that they have signed a definitive agreement under which Gilead plans to acquire
Triangle. The transaction has been structured as a two-step acquisition
comprised of a cash tender offer for all of the outstanding Triangle common
stock at $6.00 per share, followed by a cash merger in which Gilead would
acquire any remaining outstanding Triangle common stock at $6.00 per share. The
value of the transaction is approximately $464 million. The deal is expected to
be dilutive to earnings in 2003, neutral in 2004 and accretive in 2005 and
beyond. The tender offer is subject to various conditions, including the tender
of at least a majority of the shares of Triangle common stock in the tender
offer and the receipt of clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act. Gilead and Triangle expect the tender offer to close in the
first half of 2003.

"As a company dedicated to advancing therapeutics against life-threatening
infectious diseases, Gilead has a strong scientific and strategic rationale for
the acquisition of Triangle. Our focus in infectious diseases has enabled us to
successfully launch Viread(R) (tenofovir disoproxil fumarate) and Hepsera(TM)
(adefovir dipivoxil) in the United States within the span of one year. We
believe Triangle's product portfolio offers important synergies and
opportunities for growth while allowing us to leverage the infrastructure,
capabilities and relationships with HIV and hepatitis B-treating physicians that
we have built around the world," commented John C. Martin, PhD, President and
CEO, Gilead Sciences. "Together, our combined organization is well positioned to
successfully launch Coviracil(R) (emtricitabine, FTC) into the competitive HIV
marketplace."

"The Triangle team has built a portfolio of products with great potential for
patients suffering from HIV disease and chronic hepatitis B," said Daniel G.
Welch, Chairman and CEO, Triangle Pharmaceuticals. "Gilead has recognized this
potential and brings the experience of its team to ours, allowing us to more
fully realize the potential of Coviracil and our other compounds in development.
This transaction validates the oustanding accomplishments and the value created
by the Triangle team."

                                    - more -

December 4, 2002                                                         Page 2

STRENGTHENED ANTIVIRAL FRANCHISE
Triangle's pipeline of products includes the antiviral Coviracil, a one pill,
once daily nucleoside analogue for the treatment of HIV and for which Triangle
filed a New Drug Application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in
September 2002. Triangle expects to file a Marketing Authorisation Application
in Europe before the end of the year. In addition to pursuing the
commercialization of Coviracil as a single agent, Gilead plans to immediately
initiate development of a co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil as a potential
fixed-dose combination treatment for patients with HIV. Coviracil also is being
evaluated in a Phase III study for patients with chronic hepatitis B. The
Triangle portfolio includes amdoxovir (DAPD), a nucleoside analogue in Phase II
clinical studies for the treatment of HIV, and clevudine (L-FMAU), a nucleoside
analogue in Phase I/II studies for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B.

Gilead's current product portfolio includes six commercially available products,
four of which are antivirals. These include Viread for the treatment of HIV,
marketed exclusively by Gilead; Hepsera for the treatment of chronic hepatitis
B, for which Gilead has retained rights in the United States, Canada, Europe,
Australia and New Zealand and for which GlaxoSmithKline has licensed rights in
Asia, Latin America and select other territories; Vistide(R) (cidofovir
injection) for the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis, marketed in the
United States by Gilead and internationally by Pharmacia Corporation; and
Tamiflu(R) (oseltamivir phosphate) for the treatment and prevention of
influenza, marketed worldwide by Hoffmann-La Roche. Gilead also markets
AmBisome(R) (amphotericin B) liposome for injection internationally and with
Fujisawa Healthcare in the United States and markets DaunoXome(R) (daunorubicin
citrate liposome injection) worldwide.

TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION
The definitive agreement provides that Gilead will commence a two-step
acquisition comprised of a cash tender offer for all outstanding Triangle common
stock at $6.00 per share, followed by a cash merger in which Gilead would
acquire any remaining outstanding Triangle common stock at $6.00 per share. Upon
completion of the second-step merger, Triangle will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Gilead. In connection with this transaction, Gilead is providing
to Triangle $50 million of interim financing for working capital needs in
exchange for a convertible note. Up to $30 million of this loan may become
forgivable under certain circumstances.

The Board of Directors of Triangle has voted to recommend the tender offer and
the merger to its stockholders. Gilead does not anticipate any changes to its
Board of Directors or senior management team as a result of the transaction.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. is acting as financial advisor to Gilead; Banc of America
Securities LLC is representing Triangle.

CONFERENCE CALL
Gilead will host a conference call today, December 4, 2002, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern
Time. To access the live call, please dial 1-800-967-7185 (U.S.) or
1-719-457-2634 (international). Telephone replay is available approximately one
hour after the call through 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time, December 7, 2002. To access,
please call 1-888-203-1112 (U.S.) or 1-719-457-0820 (international). The
conference ID number is 366111. The information provided on the teleconference
is only accurate at the time of the conference call, and Gilead will take no
responsibility for providing updated information.

ABOUT TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS
Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company engaged
in the development of new antiviral drug candidates, with a particular focus
on therapies for the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and the hepatitis B
virus. Triangle's proprietary drug candidates under development for HIV
and/or hepatitis B include Coviracil(R) (emtricitabine), amdoxovir (formerly
DAPD) and clevudine (formerly L-FMAU).

                                    - more -

December 4, 2002                                                      Page 3

ABOUT GILEAD SCIENCES
Gilead Sciences is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops and
commercializes therapeutics to advance the care of patients suffering from
life-threatening diseases worldwide. The company has six marketed products
and focuses its research and clinical programs on anti-infectives.
Headquartered in Foster City, CA, Gilead has operations in the United States,
Europe and Australia.

This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are subject to risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those referred to in the forward-looking statements. These risks
include the risk to both companies that the acquisition of Triangle by Gilead
contemplated in the definitive acquisition agreement will not be consummated. In
addition, statements in this press release relating to the expected benefits of
the contemplated acquisition are subject to the risk that the products and
employees of Gilead and Triangle will not be integrated successfully, that
Triangle's products in development will not receive regulatory approvals or
market acceptance, risks associated with Gilead's ability to develop a
co-formulation of Viread and Coviracil, and the general risks associated with
the respective businesses of Gilead and Triangle as described in the reports and
other documents filed by each of them with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking
statements. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently
available to Gilead and Triangle, and neither Gilead nor Triangle assumes any
obligation to update any forward-looking statement or other statement included
in this press release.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND WHERE TO FIND IT
This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell Triangle shares. The tender offer will only be made through an offer to
purchase, letter of transmittal and related tender offer materials. At the time
the expected tender offer is commenced, Gilead will file these tender offer
materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Triangle will file a
solicitation/recommendation statement with respect to the offer. The tender
offer materials and the solicitation/recommendation statement will contain
important information. Stockholders are urged to read this information carefully
before making any decisions about the tender offer. The tender offer materials,
certain other offer materials, and the solicitation/recommendation statement
will be sent free of charge to all stockholders of Triangle. All of these
materials will also be available free of charge at the SEC's website at
www.sec.gov.

                                    # # #

            FOR MORE INFORMATION ON GILEAD SCIENCES, PLEASE CALL
                   THE GILEAD PUBLIC AFFAIRS DEPARTMENT AT
                   1-800-GILEAD-5 (1-800-445-3235) OR VISIT
                               WWW.GILEAD.COM.

      FOR MORE INFORMATION ON TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, PLEASE CALL
                   1-919-493-5980 OR VISIT WWW.TRIPHARM.COM.

EX-99.(A)(8)

a2096276zex-99_a8.txt

EXHIBIT 99(A)(8)

                                                              EXHIBIT (a)(8)

THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO PURCHASE NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER
TO SELL SHARES OF TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. COMMON STOCK. THE OFFER (AS
DEFINED BELOW) DESCRIBED HEREIN IS MADE SOLELY BY THE OFFER TO PURCHASE DATED
DECEMBER 16, 2002, AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ANY AMENDMENTS OR
SUPPLEMENTS THERETO, EACH OF WHICH IS BEING DELIVERED TO HOLDERS OF TRIANGLE
COMMON STOCK. THE OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE TO (NOR WILL TENDERS BE ACCEPTED FROM
OR ON BEHALF OF) HOLDERS OF SHARES OF TRIANGLE COMMON STOCK IN ANY JURISDICTION
IN WHICH THE MAKING OF THE OFFER OR THE ACCEPTANCE THEREOF WOULD NOT BE IN
COMPLIANCE WITH THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION OR ANY ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL
ACTION PURSUANT THERETO. THE PURCHASER (AS DEFINED BELOW) MAY, IN ITS
DISCRETION, TAKE SUCH ACTION AS IT MAY DEEM NECESSARY TO MAKE THE OFFER IN ANY
JURISDICTION AND EXTEND THE OFFER TO HOLDERS OF SHARES OF TRIANGLE COMMON STOCK
IN SUCH JURISDICTION. IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS WHERE SECURITIES, BLUE SKY OR OTHER
LAWS REQUIRE THE OFFER TO BE MADE BY A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER, THE OFFER WILL
BE DEEMED TO BE MADE ON BEHALF OF THE PURCHASER BY GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO., THE
DEALER MANAGER FOR THE OFFER, OR BY ONE OR MORE REGISTERED BROKERS OR DEALERS
LICENSED UNDER THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION TO BE DESIGNATED BY THE PURCHASER.

                      NOTICE OF OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF
                         TRIANGLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
                                       BY
                         SIMBOLO ACQUISITION SUB, INC.,
                          A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF
                              GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.
                                       AT
                               $6.00 NET PER SHARE

Simbolo Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Gilead"), is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Triangle"), at a price of $6.00 per share, net to the
seller in cash, without interest thereon (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated
December 16, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and the related Letter of
Transmittal which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer" described herein. Tendering Triangle
stockholders whose shares of Triangle common stock are registered in their
own names and who tender their shares directly to Mellon Investor Services
LLC (the "Depositary") will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
commissions in connection with the Offer or, except as set forth in
Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of
shares in the Offer. Stockholders of Triangle who hold their shares of
Triangle common stock through brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies or
other nominees should consult with such institutions to determine whether
they will charge any service fees for tendering such stockholder's shares to
the Purchaser in the Offer. The Purchaser is offering to acquire all of the
shares of Triangle common stock as a first step in Gilead acquiring the
entire equity interest in, and thus control of, Triangle. Following the
purchase of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer, the Purchaser
intends to complete the Merger described below to enable Gilead to acquire
all of the outstanding shares of Triangle common stock that are not tendered
to and accepted for payment by the Purchaser in the Offer.

================================================================================

   THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
        CITY TIME, ON JANUARY 15, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

================================================================================

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered
and not withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the Offer prior to the
Expiration Date (as defined below) of the Offer shares of Triangle common stock
that, together with any shares of Triangle common stock then owned by Gilead or
any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead (including the Purchaser), represent a
majority of the "Adjusted Outstanding Share Number", which is defined in the
Merger Agreement as the sum of all then-outstanding shares of Triangle common
stock, plus, at the election of Gilead, an additional number of shares of
Triangle common stock up to but not exceeding the aggregate number of shares of
Triangle common stock issuable upon the exercise of any outstanding option that
is vested or is expected to become vested (other than by reason of the Merger)
on or before June 1, 2003, or any warrant or other right to acquire capital
stock of Triangle, or upon the conversion of any convertible security. The
foregoing condition is referred to as the "Minimum Condition" in this Offer to
Purchase. Certain of Triangle's directors and certain additional stockholders
of Triangle have entered into stockholder agreements with Gilead and the
Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed, in their respective capacities as
stockholders of Triangle, to tender all of their shares of Triangle common
stock, as well as any additional shares of Triangle common stock which they may
acquire (pursuant to Triangle stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in
the Offer. The parties to certain of those stockholder agreements have also
agreed to vote all of their shares of Triangle common stock in favor of the
Merger, the execution and delivery by Triangle of the Merger Agreement and the
adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement. As of December 3, 2002, the
stockholders who executed stockholder agreements held in the aggregate
31,574,469 shares of Triangle common stock, which represented approximately 41%
of the outstanding

shares of Triangle common stock as of that date. The stockholder agreements
provide that they terminate upon any termination of the Merger Agreement.

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as
of December 3, 2002, by and among Gilead, the Purchaser and Triangle (the
"Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which, following the purchase of shares of
Triangle common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain
conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Triangle (the
"Merger"), with Triangle surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Gilead. Upon the completion of the Merger, each outstanding share of Triangle
common stock (other than shares owned by Gilead, the Purchaser, Triangle or
any wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead or Triangle, or by any stockholder of
Triangle who is entitled to and properly exercises appraisal rights under
Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per share
paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon.

TRIANGLE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS, AT A MEETING HELD ON DECEMBER 3, 2002, BY
THE UNANIMOUS VOTE OF ALL DIRECTORS OF TRIANGLE, (i) DETERMINED THAT THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE
OFFER AND THE MERGER, ARE IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF TRIANGLE AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS, (ii) APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER AND (iii) DECLARED
THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS ADVISABLE. ACCORDINGLY, TRIANGLE'S BOARD OF
DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS OF TRIANGLE ACCEPT THE
OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES OF TRIANGLE COMMON STOCK TO THE PURCHASER IN
THE OFFER AND, IF REQUIRED, VOTE TO ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after
the Expiration Date of the Offer, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and
pay for, all shares of Triangle common stock validly tendered to the
Purchaser in the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the
Offer. The Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby
purchased, shares of Triangle common stock that are validly tendered in the
Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer as, if and
when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the
Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such shares. Payment for shares of
Triangle common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will be made
by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act
as agent for stockholders tendering shares in the Offer for the purpose of
receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to such
stockholders whose shares of Triangle common stock have been accepted for
payment in the Offer. For a stockholder to validly tender shares of Triangle
common stock in the Offer (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered
shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly
executed, together with any required signature guarantees and any other
required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date of the Offer, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant
to the book-entry transfer procedures (a) either a Letter of Transmittal,
properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature
guarantees, or an Agent's Message (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to
Purchase), and any other required documents, must be received by the
Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer and (b) the shares to be
tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures
described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined
in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) must be received by the Depositary
prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer or (iii) the tendering stockholder
must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to
Purchase prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER PRICE FOR SHARES OF
TRIANGLE COMMON STOCK THAT ARE TENDERED IN THE OFFER, REGARDLESS OF ANY
EXTENSION OF, OR AMENDMENT TO, THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN PAYING FOR SUCH
SHARES.

For purposes of the Offer and as used herein and in the Offer to Purchase,
the term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
January 15, 2003, unless and until the Purchaser extends the period of time
during which the Offer is open in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement, in which event the term "Expiration Date" will mean the latest
time at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. Under
the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon the written request of Triangle prior
to January 15, 2003, the Purchaser is obligated to extend the Offer, by
giving oral or written notice of such extension to the Depositary, for such
period of time (not more than 15 business days) as Triangle reasonably
requests if the Minimum Condition or any other condition provided for in the
Merger Agreement (the "Offer Conditions") has not been satisfied or waived by
12:00 midnight, Eastern Standard Time, on January 15, 2003, the initial
Expiration Date of the Offer. In addition, if on any subsequent date as of
which the Offer is scheduled to expire, any of the Offer Conditions has not
been satisfied or waived, the Purchaser shall, if Triangle so requests in
writing prior to the then-scheduled Expiration Date of the Offer, extend the
Offer from time to time for such period of time (but in each case not more
than 15 business days) as Triangle reasonably requests.

If the Purchaser extends the Offer, the Purchaser will inform the Depositary
of that fact and will make a public announcement of the extension not later
than 9:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, on the next business day after the
previously scheduled Expiration Date of the Offer. During any such extension,
all shares of Triangle common stock previously tendered and not withdrawn
will remain subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a tendering
stockholder to withdraw such shares. Shares of Triangle common stock that are
tendered in the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures described
in the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to the Expiration Date of the
Offer, and shares that are tendered may also be withdrawn at any time after
February 14, 2003 unless accepted for payment on or before that date. In the
event that the Purchaser provides for a subsequent offering period following
the successful completion of the Offer, (i) no withdrawal rights will apply
to shares tendered during such subsequent offering period and (ii) no
withdrawal rights will apply to shares that were previously tendered in the
Offer and accepted for payment.

For a withdrawal of shares of Triangle common stock previously tendered in
the Offer to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of
withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses
listed on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase, specifying the name of the
person having tendered the shares to be withdrawn, the number of shares to be
withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the shares to be
withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who tendered the shares.
If certificates for shares have been delivered or otherwise identified to the
Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the
serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the

Depositary and, unless such shares have been tendered by a financial
institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and
brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agent's
Medallion Program, Nasdaq Stock Market Medallion Signature Guarantee Program
or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each an "Eligible Institution"), any
and all signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution. If shares have been tendered pursuant to the book-entry
transfer procedures described in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase, any
notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to
Purchase) to be credited with the withdrawn shares and otherwise comply with
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of
shares may not be rescinded, and any shares withdrawn will thereafter be
deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. Withdrawn shares may
be re-tendered in the Offer, however, by following one of the procedures
described in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to the
Expiration Date of the Offer. All questions as to the form and validity
(including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be determined by
the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and
binding. None of the Purchaser, Gilead, Triangle, Goldman, Sachs & Co., the
dealer manager for the Offer (the "Dealer Manager"), the Depositary,
Georgeson Shareholder Communciations Inc., the information agent for the
Offer (the "Information Agent"), or any other person will be under any duty
to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of
withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification.

Under Rule 14d-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
subject to conditions described in the Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may
elect to provide for a subsequent offering period, immediately following the
Expiration Date of the Offer, of not less than three business days nor more
than twenty business days in length. If provided, a subsequent offering
period would be an additional period of time, following the Expiration Date
of the Offer and the acceptance for payment of, and the payment for, any
shares of Triangle common stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and
not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, during which holders
of shares of Triangle common stock that were not previously tendered in the
Offer may tender such shares to the Purchaser in exchange for the Offer Price
on the same terms that applied to the Offer. A subsequent offering period is
not the same as an extension of the Offer, which will have been previously
completed if a subsequent offering period is provided. The Purchaser will
accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of Triangle common stock that are
validly tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if
provided, as promptly as practicable after any such shares are validly
tendered to the Purchaser during such subsequent offering period, for the
same price paid to holders of shares of Triangle common stock that were
validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date
of the Offer, net to the holders thereof in cash. Holders of shares of
Triangle common stock that are validly tendered to the Purchaser during a
subsequent offering period, if provided, will not have the right to withdraw
such tendered shares.

Triangle has provided the Purchaser with a list, and security position
listings, of Triangle's stockholders for the purpose of disseminating the
Offer to holders of shares of Triangle common stock. The Offer to Purchase,
and the Letter of Transmittal and other materials related to the Offer will
be mailed to record holders of shares of Triangle common stock, and will be
furnished to brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees
whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the list of Triangle's
stockholders, or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing
agency's security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial
owners of shares of Triangle common stock.

The receipt of cash in the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction
for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable
state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. Generally, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, a U.S. stockholder tendering shares of Triangle common
stock in the Offer will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
between the amount of cash received by the stockholder in the Offer or the
Merger and the stockholder's aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares
tendered by the stockholder and accepted for payment in the Offer or
converted into cash in the Merger, as the case may be. If shares of Triangle
common stock that are tendered in the Offer are held by a tendering U.S.
stockholder as capital assets, gain or loss recognized by such stockholder
will be capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if
such stockholder's holding period for such shares exceeds one year. All
stockholders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the particular
tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to them, including the
applicability and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local
or foreign income and other tax laws and of changes in such tax laws. For a
more complete description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of
the Offer and the Merger, see Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase.

The Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but shall not be obligated), at
any time and from time to time, to increase the Offer Price or to make any
other changes in the terms of and conditions to the Offer, subject to the
terms of the Merger Agreement, which provides that certain conditions may not
be waived and certain modifications may not be made without the consent of
Triangle.

The information required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 of
the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein
by reference.

THE OFFER TO PURCHASE AND LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
AND SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE ANY DECISION IS
MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in connection with
the Offer, may be directed to the Dealer Manager or the Information Agent as
set forth below. Requests for copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of
Transmittal and all other materials related to the Offer may be directed to
the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager, as set forth below, or brokers,
dealers, banks, trust companies or other nominees, and copies will be
furnished promptly at the Purchaser's expense. No fees or commissions will be
payable to brokers, dealers or other persons (other than the Dealer Manager
and Information Agent, as described in the Offer to Purchase) for soliciting
tenders of shares of Triangle common stock in the Offer.

                     THE INFORMATION AGENT FOR THE OFFER IS:

                    GEORGESON SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS INC.
                           17 STATE STREET, 10TH FLOOR
                               NEW YORK, NY 10004

                 BANKS AND BROKERS CALL COLLECT: (212) 440-9800
                    ALL OTHERS CALL TOLL FREE: (866) 295-4328

                      THE DEALER MANAGER FOR THE OFFER IS:

                              GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO.
                                 85 BROAD STREET
                            NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10004

                          CALL COLLECT: (212) 902-1000
                         CALL TOLL FREE: (800) 323-5678

December 16, 2002

================================================================================

EX-99.(D)(1)

a2096276zex-99_d1.txt

EXHIBIT 99(D)(1)

                                                                 EXHIBIT (d)(1)

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

         THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER ("Agreement") is made and entered
into as of December 3, 2002, by and among: GILEAD SCIENCES, INC., a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"); SIMBOLO ACQUISITION SUB, INC., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Acquisition Sub"); and TRIANGLE
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Certain
capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Annex I.

                                    RECITALS

         A. The boards of directors of Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company
have determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
stockholders for Parent to acquire the Company upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement.

         B. In furtherance of the acquisition of the Company by Parent, it is
proposed: (i) that Acquisition Sub make a cash tender offer for any and all of
the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at a price of $6.00 per share
(such dollar amount, or any greater dollar amount per share paid pursuant to the
Offer, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 1.1(e), being referred to in
this Agreement as the "Offer Price"), net to the seller in cash, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (such cash tender
offer, as it may be amended from time to time, being referred to in this
Agreement as the "Offer"); and (ii) that, after acquiring shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, Acquisition Sub merge with and into the
Company upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement
(the merger of Acquisition Sub into the Company being referred to in this
Agreement as the "Merger").

         C. The board of directors of the Company has: (i) determined that this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the
Offer and the Merger, are in the best interests of the Company's stockholders;
and (ii) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Company accept the
Offer, tender their shares pursuant to the Offer and (if required by applicable
law) adopt this Agreement.

         D. In order to induce Parent and Acquisition Sub to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, certain
stockholders of the Company are executing Stockholder Agreements in favor of
Parent and Acquisition Sub (the "Stockholder Agreements").

         E. In order to induce the Company to enter into this Agreement, Parent
is agreeing to loan to the Company the sum of $50,000,000 and, in connection
therewith, the Company and Parent will execute and deliver a Convertible
Promissory Note in the form attached as Exhibit A (the "Promissory Note") and an
Investor Rights Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit B (the "Investor
Rights Agreement," and, together with the Promissory Note, the "Financing
Documents").

                                       1.

                                    AGREEMENT

         The parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, agree as
follows:

         SECTION 1. THE OFFER

         1.1 CONDUCT OF THE OFFER.

         (a) Provided that each of the conditions set forth in clauses "(b),"
"(c)," "(e)" and "(f)" of Annex II are satisfied as of the commencement of the
Offer, Parent shall cause Acquisition Sub to commence (within the meaning of
Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange Act) the Offer as promptly as practicable after
the date of this Agreement, and in any event (provided that the Company has
fulfilled its obligation to provide information to Parent and Acquisition Sub on
a timely basis as contemplated by Section 1.1(d)) Parent shall use reasonable
efforts to cause Acquisition Sub to commence the Offer within ten business days
after the date of this Agreement.

         (b) The obligation of Acquisition Sub to accept for payment and to pay
for any shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered pursuant to the Offer
shall be subject to (i) the condition that there shall be validly tendered (and
not withdrawn) a number of shares of Company Common Stock that, together with
any shares of Company Common Stock owned by Parent or any wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Parent immediately prior to the acceptance for payment of shares
of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, represents more than fifty (50)
percent of the Adjusted Outstanding Share Number (the "Minimum Condition") and
(ii) the other conditions set forth in Annex II. (The Minimum Condition and the
other conditions set forth in Annex II are referred to collectively in this
Agreement as the "Offer Conditions.") Acquisition Sub expressly reserves the
right, in its sole discretion, to increase the Offer Price and to waive or make
any other changes to the terms and conditions of the Offer; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that without the prior written consent of the Company: (i) the Minimum Condition
may not be amended or waived; and (ii) no change may be made to the Offer that
(A) changes the form of consideration to be paid pursuant to the Offer, (B)
decreases the Offer Price or the number of shares of Company Common Stock sought
to be purchased in the Offer, (C) imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to
the Offer Conditions, (D) except as provided in Section 1.1(c), extends the
expiration date of the Offer beyond the initial expiration date of the Offer or
(E) amends any other term of the Offer in a manner adverse to the holders of
Company Common Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Offer and this
Agreement, Parent shall cause Acquisition Sub to, and Acquisition Sub shall,
accept for payment all shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered pursuant
to the Offer (and not withdrawn) as soon as practicable after Acquisition Sub is
permitted to do so under applicable Legal Requirements, and Parent shall cause
Acquisition Sub to pay for such shares promptly thereafter, and in any event in
compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act. Parent shall provide, or
cause to be provided to Acquisition Sub, on a timely basis, the funds necessary
to pay for any shares of Company Common Stock that Acquisition Sub accepts or is
obligated to accept for payment pursuant to the Offer.

         (c) The Offer shall initially be scheduled to expire 20 business days
following the date of the commencement thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, but subject to the parties' respective
termination rights under

                                       2.

Section 8.1: (i) if, on any date as of which the Offer is scheduled to expire,
any Offer Condition has not been satisfied or waived, Acquisition Sub may, in
its discretion (and without the consent of the Company or any other Person),
extend the Offer from time to time for such period of time as Acquisition Sub
reasonably determines to be necessary to permit such Offer Condition to be
satisfied; (ii) if, on any date as of which the Offer is scheduled to expire,
any Offer Condition has not been satisfied or waived, Acquisition Sub shall, if
the Company so requests in writing prior to the then-scheduled expiration date
of the Offer, extend the Offer from time to time for such period of time (but in
each case not more than 15 business days) as the Company reasonably requests;
(iii) Acquisition Sub may, in its discretion (and without the consent of the
Company or any other Person), extend the Offer from time to time for any period
of time required by any rule or regulation of the SEC applicable to the Offer;
(iv) if, on any date as of which the Offer is scheduled to expire, the Minimum
Condition has been satisfied but the sum of the number of shares of Company
Common Stock that have been validly tendered pursuant to the Offer (and not
withdrawn) plus the number of shares of Company Common Stock owned by Parent or
any wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent is less than 90% of the number of shares
of Company Common Stock outstanding, then Acquisition Sub may, in its discretion
(and without the consent of the Company or any other Person), extend the offer
for an additional period of not more than ten business days; and (v) Acquisition
Sub may, in its discretion (and without the consent of the Company or any other
Person), elect to provide for a subsequent offering period (and one or more
extensions thereof) in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act and in
compliance with all other provisions of applicable securities laws.

         (d) On the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Acquisition
Sub shall (i) file with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with
respect to the Offer, which will contain or incorporate by reference the offer
to purchase shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer (the "Offer to
Purchase") and the forms of related letter of transmittal and summary
advertisement and (ii) cause the Offer to Purchase and related documents to be
disseminated to holders of shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with all
applicable Legal Requirements. (Said Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO and
all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto are referred to collectively in
this Agreement as the "Offer Documents.") Parent and Acquisition Sub shall use
reasonable efforts to cause the Offer Documents to comply in all material
respects with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Each of
Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company shall use reasonable efforts to respond
promptly to any comments of the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer
Documents or the Offer, to correct promptly any information provided by it for
use in the Offer Documents if and to the extent that such information shall have
become false or misleading in any material respect, and to take all steps
necessary to cause the Offer Documents, as supplemented or amended to correct
such information, to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to holders of
shares of Company Common Stock to the extent required by applicable federal
securities laws. The Company shall promptly furnish to Parent and Acquisition
Sub all information concerning the Acquired Corporations and the Company's
stockholders that may be required or reasonably requested in connection with any
action contemplated by this Section 1.1(d). The Company and its counsel shall be
given reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Offer Documents prior
to the filing thereof with the SEC. Parent and Acquisition Sub shall provide the
Company and its counsel with any comments Parent, Acquisition Sub or their
counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer
Documents promptly after receipt of such comments.

                                       3.

         (e) If, between the date of this Agreement and the date on which any
particular share of Company Common Stock is accepted for payment and paid for
pursuant to the Offer, the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are
changed into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split,
division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split,
consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar
transaction, then the Offer Price applicable to such share shall be
appropriately adjusted.

         1.2 COMPANY ACTIONS.

         (a) The Company hereby consents to the Offer and represents that its
board of directors, at a meeting duly called and held, has (i) determined that
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
the Offer and the Merger, are in the best interests of the Company's
stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including the Offer and the Merger, in accordance with the
requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), (iii)
declared that this Agreement is advisable, (iv) resolved to recommend that
stockholders of the Company accept the Offer, tender their shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to the Offer and (if required by applicable law) adopt
this Agreement (the recommendation of the Company's board of directors that the
stockholders of the Company accept the Offer, tender their shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to the Offer and (if required by applicable law) adopt
this Agreement being referred to as the "Company Board Recommendation"), and (v)
to the extent necessary, adopted a resolution for the purpose of causing the
Company not to be subject to any restriction set forth in any state takeover law
or similar Legal Requirement that might otherwise apply to the Offer, the
Merger, any of the Stockholder Agreements, any of the Financing Documents or any
of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any of the Stockholder
Agreements or any of the Financing Documents. Subject to Section 1.2(b): (A) the
Company consents to the inclusion of the Company Board Recommendation in the
Offer Documents in a form and manner reasonably determined by the Company to be
acceptable; and (B) the Company Board Recommendation shall not be withdrawn or
modified in a manner adverse to Parent or Acquisition Sub, and no resolution by
the board of directors of the Company or any committee thereof to withdraw or
modify the Company Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent or
Acquisition Sub shall be adopted.

         (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section
1.2(a), at any time prior to the Acceptance Date, the Company Board
Recommendation may be withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Parent and
Acquisition Sub if: (i) an unsolicited, bona fide written offer by a third party
unaffiliated with the Company to acquire or otherwise enter into a transaction
which would result in such third party becoming the holder of at least a
majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is made to the
Company and is not withdrawn; (ii) the Company provides Parent with at least two
business days' prior notice of any meeting of the Company's board of directors
or any committee thereof at which such board of directors or such committee will
determine whether such offer is a Superior Offer; (iii) the Company's board of
directors determines in good faith (after taking into account the advice of Banc
of America Securities LLC or another independent financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation) that such offer constitutes a Superior Offer; (iv) the
Company's board of directors determines in good faith, after having taken into
account the advice of the Company's outside legal counsel, that, in light of
such Superior Offer, the failure to withdraw or modify such

                                       4.

Company Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent or Acquisition Sub
would be inconsistent with the fiduciary obligations of the Company's board of
directors to the Company's stockholders under applicable Legal Requirements; and
(v) such Superior Offer shall not have resulted directly or indirectly from any
breach of Section 5.3 or from any action taken by the Company or any of its
Representatives with the intent of circumventing any of the provisions set forth
in Section 5.3.

         (c) On the date of commencement of the Offer, the Company shall file
with the SEC and (following or contemporaneously with the dissemination of the
Offer to Purchase and related documents) disseminate to holders of shares of
Company Common Stock a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9
(together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the "Schedule 14D-9")
that, subject only to Section 1.2(b), shall reflect the Company Board
Recommendation. Each of Parent and Acquisition Sub shall promptly furnish to the
Company all information concerning Parent and Acquisition Sub that is required
or reasonably requested by the Company in connection with any action
contemplated by this Section 1.2(c). The Company shall use reasonable efforts to
cause the Schedule 14D-9 to comply in all material respects with the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and other applicable Legal
Requirements. Each of Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company agrees promptly to
correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to
the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any
material respect, and the Company further agrees to take all steps necessary to
cause the Schedule 14D-9, as supplemented or amended to correct such
information, to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to holders of
shares of Company Common Stock to the extent required by applicable federal
securities laws. The Company shall give Parent and its counsel reasonable
opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 (including any amendment
thereto) prior to the filing thereof with the SEC. The Company shall provide
Parent and its counsel with any comments the Company or its counsel may receive
from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after
receipt of such comments.

         (d) The Company shall, or shall cause its transfer agent to, (i)
promptly furnish Parent with an accurate and complete list of its stockholders
as of the most recent practicable date, mailing labels and an accurate and
complete copy of the most recent available listing or computer file containing
the names and addresses of all record holders of shares of Company Common Stock
and lists of securities positions of shares of Company Common Stock held in
stock depositories, and (ii) provide to Parent such additional information
(including updated lists of stockholders, mailing labels and lists of securities
positions) and such other assistance as Parent may reasonably request in order
to disseminate and otherwise communicate the Offer and the Merger to the holders
of shares of Company Common Stock. Except as required by applicable Legal
Requirements or legal process, and except as necessary to disseminate the Offer
Documents, Parent and Acquisition Sub shall hold in confidence the information
contained in any such listings and files to the extent required by the
Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2002, between Parent and the
Company (the "Confidentiality Agreement") and shall use and return such
information in the manner set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement.

                                       5.

         1.3 DIRECTORS.

         (a) Effective as of the Acceptance Date, Parent shall be entitled to
designate to serve on the Company's board of directors (the "Post-Acceptance
Board") the number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, equal to
the product of: (i) the total number of directors on the Company's board of
directors (giving effect to the election of any additional directors pursuant to
this Section); and (ii) a fraction having a numerator equal to the aggregate
number of shares of Company Common Stock then beneficially owned by Parent or
Acquisition Sub (including all shares of Company Common Stock accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer) and having a denominator equal to the total
number of shares of Company Common Stock then outstanding. At Parent's request
on or after the Acceptance Date, the Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to take all actions (including, to the extent necessary, obtaining
resignations of incumbent directors and increasing the number of authorized
directors) necessary to cause Parent's designees to be elected or appointed to
the Company's board of directors. In connection with the designation by Parent
of individuals to serve on the Company's board of directors, the Company shall
(to the extent requested by Parent) use its reasonable best efforts to cause
individuals designated by Parent to constitute the number of members, rounded up
to the next whole number, on (A) each committee of the Company's board of
directors and (B) the board of directors of each Subsidiary of the Company (and
each committee thereof) that represents at least the same percentage as
individuals designated by Parent represent on the Company's board of directors.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.3, the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to ensure that, at all times prior to the Effective Time
(as defined in Section 2.3), at least two of the members of the Company's board
of directors are individuals who were directors of the Company on the date of
this Agreement (the "Continuing Directors"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (1) if at
any time prior to the Effective Time there shall be only one Continuing Director
serving as a director of the Company for any reason, then the Company's board of
directors shall cause an individual selected by the remaining Continuing
Director to be designated to serve on the Company's board of directors (and such
individual shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director for all purposes under
this Agreement), and (2) if at any time prior to the Effective Time no
Continuing Directors then remain, then the Company's board of directors shall
designate two individuals to serve on the Company's board of directors who are
not officers, employees or affiliates of the Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub
(and such individuals shall be deemed to be Continuing Directors for all
purposes under this Agreement).

         (b) The Company's obligation to appoint Parent's designees to the
Company's board of directors shall be subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange
Act and Rule 14f-1 thereunder. The Company shall promptly take all actions, and
shall include in the Schedule 14D-9 such information with respect to the Company
and its officers and directors, as Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule
14f-1 thereunder require in order to fulfill its obligations under this Section
1.3, so long as Parent shall have provided to the Company on a timely basis the
information and consents with respect to Parent and its nominees, officers,
directors and affiliates required by Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule
14f-1 thereunder. The provisions of this Section 1.3 are in addition to, and
shall not limit, any right that Acquisition Sub, Parent or any affiliate of
Acquisition Sub or Parent may have (with respect to the election of directors or
otherwise) under applicable Legal Requirements as a holder or beneficial owner
of shares of Company Common Stock.

                                       6.

         (c) Following the election or appointment of Parent's designees
pursuant to Section 1.3(a) and until the Effective Time, the approval of a
majority of the Continuing Directors shall be required to authorize any Adverse
Action (as defined below). For purposes of this Section 1.3(c), "Adverse Action"
shall mean any of the following actions of the Company, to the extent the action
in question could reasonably be expected to affect adversely the holders of
shares of Company Common Stock (other than Parent or Acquisition Sub): (i) any
action by the Company with respect to any amendment or waiver of any term or
condition of this Agreement, the Merger, the Financing Documents or the
certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company; (ii) any termination or
rescission of this Agreement, the Merger or the Financing Documents by the
Company; (iii) any extension by the Company of the time for the performance of
any of the obligations or other acts of Parent or Acquisition Sub, or any waiver
or assertion of any of the Company's rights under this Agreement or the
Financing Documents; or (iv) any other consent or action by the Company's board
of directors with respect to this Agreement, the Merger or the Financing
Documents. The approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors of any Adverse
Action shall constitute the valid authorization of the Company's board of
directors with respect to such Adverse Action, and no other action on the part
of the Company or by any other director of the Company shall be required to
authorize such Adverse Action.

         1.4 TOP-UP OPTION.

         (a) The Company hereby grants to Parent and Acquisition Sub an
irrevocable option (the "Top-Up Option") to purchase, at a price per share equal
to the Offer Price, a number of shares of Company Common Stock (the "Top-Up
Option Shares") that, when added to the number of shares of Company Common Stock
owned by Parent or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent at the time of exercise
of the Top-Up Option, constitutes one share of Company Common Stock more than
90% of the number of shares of Company Common Stock that will be outstanding
immediately after the issuance of the Top-Up Option Shares. The Top-Up Option
may be exercised by Parent or Acquisition Sub, in whole but not in part, at any
time on or after the Acceptance Date and on or prior to the tenth business day
after the later of (i) the Acceptance Date or (ii) the expiration of any
subsequent offering period; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the obligation of the
Company to deliver Top-Up Option Shares upon the exercise of the Top-Up Option
is subject to the condition that no provision of any applicable law and no
judgment, injunction, order or decree shall prohibit the exercise of the Top-Up
Option or the delivery of the Top-Up Option Shares in respect of such exercise.
The parties shall cooperate to ensure that the issuance of the Top-Up Option
Shares is accomplished consistent with all applicable Legal Requirements,
including compliance with an applicable exemption from registration of the
Top-Up Option Shares under the Securities Act.

         (b) In the event Parent or Acquisition Sub wishes to exercise the
Top-Up Option, Parent shall so notify the Company and shall set forth in such
notice (i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock that are expected to be
owned by Parent or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent immediately preceding
the purchase of the Top-Up Option Shares and (ii) a place and time for the
closing of the purchase of the Top-Up Option Shares. The Company shall, as soon
as practicable following receipt of such notice, notify Parent of the number of
shares of Company Common Stock then outstanding and the number of Top-Up Option
Shares. At the closing of the purchase of the Top-Up Option Shares, Parent or
Acquisition Sub, as the case may be, shall pay the Company the aggregate price
required to be

                                       7.

paid for the Top-Up Option Shares, and the Company shall cause to be issued to
Parent or Acquisition Sub a certificate representing the Top-Up Option Shares.

         SECTION 2. MERGER TRANSACTION

         2.1 MERGER OF ACQUISITION SUB INTO THE COMPANY. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Effective Time,
Acquisition Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, and the separate
existence of Acquisition Sub shall cease. The Company will continue as the
surviving corporation in the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation").

         2.2 EFFECT OF THE MERGER. The Merger shall have the effects set forth
in this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL.

         2.3 CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME. The consummation of the Merger (the
"Closing") shall take place at the offices of Cooley Godward LLP, Five Palo Alto
Square, 3000 El Camino Real, Palo Alto, California, at 10:00 a.m. on a date to
be designated by Parent (the "Closing Date"), which shall be no later than the
third business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the last to be satisfied
or waived of the conditions set forth in Section 7. Subject to the provisions of
this Agreement, a certificate of merger satisfying the applicable requirements
of the DGCL shall be duly executed by the Company and, concurrently with or as
soon as practicable following the Closing, delivered to the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware for filing. The Merger shall become effective upon the
date and time of the filing of such certificate of merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware (the "Effective Time").

         2.4 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS; DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.

         (a) The Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall
be amended and restated as of the Effective Time to conform to Annex III.

         (b) Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time:

                  (i) the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended
         and restated as of the Effective Time to conform to the Bylaws of
         Acquisition Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time;
         and

                  (ii) the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation
         immediately after the Effective Time shall be the respective
         individuals who are directors and officers of Acquisition Sub
         immediately prior to the Effective Time.

         2.5 CONVERSION OF SHARES.

         (a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
further action on the part of Parent, Acquisition Sub, the Company or any
stockholder of the Company:

                  (i) any shares of Company Common Stock then held by the
         Company or any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company (or held in the
         Company's

                                       8.

         treasury) shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
         no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor;

                  (ii) any shares of Company Common Stock then held by Parent,
         Acquisition Sub or any other wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent shall be
         canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration
         shall be delivered in exchange therefor;

                  (iii) except as provided in clauses "(i)" and "(ii)" above and
         subject to Sections 2.5(b), 2.5(c) and 2.7, each share of Company
         Common Stock then outstanding shall be converted into the right to
         receive a cash amount equal to the Offer Price, without interest (the
         "Merger Consideration"); and

                  (iv) each share of the common stock, $0.01 par value per
         share, of Acquisition Sub then outstanding shall be converted into the
         number of shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation
         determined by dividing (i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock
         outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time by (ii) 100.

         (b) If, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are changed into a different number
or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or subdivision of
shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split, consolidation of shares,
reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, then the Merger
Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such change.

         (c) If any shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a repurchase option, risk
of forfeiture or other condition under any applicable restricted stock purchase
agreement or other agreement with the Company or under which the Company has any
rights, then, to the extent the Company has the legal or contractual right to do
so, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that: (i) the
consideration payable in the Merger with respect thereto will also be unvested
or subject to the same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition;
and (ii) from and after the Effective Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any
such repurchase option or any similar right as the Company's assignee.

         2.6 SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES; STOCK TRANSFER BOOKS.

         (a) At the Effective Time: (a) all shares of Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be
canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and all holders of certificates
representing shares of Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights as stockholders of
the Company; and (b) the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed
with respect to all shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time. No further transfer of any such shares of Company Common
Stock shall be made on such stock transfer books after the Effective Time. If,
after the Effective Time, a valid certificate previously representing any shares
of Company Common Stock (a "Company Stock Certificate") is presented to the
Paying Agent (as defined in Section 2.6(b)) or to the Surviving

                                       9.

Corporation or Parent, such Company Stock Certificate shall be canceled and
shall be exchanged as provided in this Section 2.6.

         (b) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall designate a reputable
bank or trust company, which bank or trust company shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Company, to act as agent (the "Paying Agent") for the holders
of shares of Company Common Stock to receive the funds to which holders of such
shares shall become entitled pursuant to Section 2.5. Parent shall (or shall
cause Acquisition Sub to), at or prior to the Effective Time, deposit with the
Paying Agent the cash consideration referred to in Section 2.5(a)(iii). Such
funds shall be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by the Surviving
Corporation; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent shall promptly replace any monies
lost through any investment made pursuant to this Section 2.6(b) and Parent
shall in any event be liable for the payment of the cash consideration referred
to in Section 2.5(a)(iii), notwithstanding any such losses.

         (c) As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, Parent
shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to the record holders of Company Common
Stock entitled to receive Merger Consideration (i) a letter of transmittal in
customary form and containing such provisions as Parent may reasonably specify
(including a provision confirming that delivery of the Company Stock
Certificates shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to Company Stock
Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of such Company Stock Certificates
to the Exchange Agent), and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender
of Company Stock Certificates in exchange for the cash consideration referred to
in Section 2.5(a)(iii). Upon surrender of a Company Stock Certificate to the
Exchange Agent for exchange, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal
and such other documents as may be reasonably required by the Exchange Agent or
Parent, (1) the holder of such Company Stock Certificate shall be entitled to
receive, in exchange for each share of Company Common Stock previously
represented by such Company Stock Certificate, the Merger Consideration, and (2)
the Company Stock Certificate so surrendered shall be canceled. In the event of
a transfer of ownership of any share of Company Common Stock prior to the
Effective Time that has not been registered in the transfer records of the
Company, the Merger Consideration payable in respect of such share of Company
Common Stock shall be paid to the transferee of such share if the Company Stock
Certificate that previously represented such share is presented to the Paying
Agent accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer
and to evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid. Until
surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.6(c), each Company Stock
Certificate shall be deemed, from and after the Effective Time, to represent
only the right to receive the Merger Consideration with respect to each share of
Company Common Stock represented by such Company Stock Certificate. If any
Company Stock Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, Parent may,
in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the payment of any Merger
Consideration, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Company Stock
Certificate to provide an appropriate affidavit and to deliver a bond (in such
sum as Parent may reasonably direct, but not more than market value plus a
reasonable sum to cover applicable costs incurred by Parent or the Surviving
Corporation) as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Paying
Agent, Parent or the Surviving Corporation with respect to such Company Stock
Certificate, and upon compliance with any such condition precedent, if any,
Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to pay the Merger Consideration in respect
of any share previously represented by such Company Stock Certificate in
accordance with this Section 2.6.

                                      10.

         (d) At any time following the 180th day after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to deliver
to it any funds which had been made available to the Paying Agent and not
disbursed to the holders of Company Stock Certificates, and any holder of a
Company Stock Certificate that has not theretofore surrendered its Company Stock
Certificate in accordance with this Section 2.6 shall thereafter look only to
Parent as a general creditor of Parent for satisfaction of such holder's claim
for any Merger Consideration that may be payable upon due surrender of the
Company Stock Certificate held by such holder.

         (e) Each of the Paying Agent, Parent and the Surviving Corporation
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable or
otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder or former holder
of Company Common Stock such amounts as may be required to be deducted or
withheld therefrom under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign
tax law or under any other applicable Legal Requirement, whereupon Parent will
pay or cause payment of such amounts to the appropriate Governmental Bodies as
and when due. To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld, such
amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been
paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid.

         (f) Neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to any
holder or former holder of Company Common Stock or to any other Person with
respect to any Merger Consideration that may be payable upon due surrender of
any Company Stock Certificate that is delivered to any public official pursuant
to any applicable abandoned property law, escheat law or similar Legal
Requirement. If any Company Stock Certificate has not been surrendered by the
earlier of (i) the fifth anniversary of the date on which the Merger becomes
effective and (ii) the date immediately prior to the date on which the cash
amount that such Company Common Stock Certificate represents the right to
receive would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental
Body, then such cash amount shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Legal
Requirements, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear
of all claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto. Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Surviving Corporation shall pay all
charges and expenses, including those of the Paying Agent, in connection with
the exchange of the cash consideration referred to in Section 2.5(a)(iii) for
shares of Company Common Stock.

         2.7 SHARES SUBJECT TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

         (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, any share of Company Common Stock that, as of the Effective Time, is
held by a holder who has preserved appraisal rights under Section 262 of the
DGCL with respect to such share shall not be converted into or represent the
right to receive the Merger Consideration, and the holder of such share shall be
entitled only to such rights with respect to such share as may be granted to
such holder pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if such
appraisal rights shall not be perfected or the holder of such share shall
otherwise lose such holder's appraisal rights with respect to such share, then,
as of the later of the Effective Time or the time of the failure to perfect such
status or the loss of such rights, such share shall automatically be converted
into and shall represent only the right to receive (upon the surrender of the
certificate representing such share) the Merger Consideration.

                                      11.

         (b) The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any written
demand received by the Company prior to the Effective Time to require the
Company to purchase shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 262 of
the DGCL, and (ii) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations and
proceedings with respect to any such demand, notice or instrument. The Company
shall not make any payment or settlement offer prior to the Effective Time with
respect to any such demand unless Parent shall have consented in writing to such
payment or settlement offer.

         2.8 FURTHER ACTION. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any
further action is determined by Parent to be necessary or desirable to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
right, title and possession of and to all rights and property of Acquisition Sub
and the Company, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation and
Parent shall be fully authorized (in the name of Acquisition Sub, in the name of
the Company and otherwise) to take such action.

         SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

         Subject to Section 9.6(a), except as set forth in the applicable part
of the Company Disclosure Schedule or (subject to Section 9.12(e)) as expressly
set forth in the factual disclosures contained in the Company SEC Documents (as
defined in Section 3.4) filed with the SEC from January 1, 2002 through the date
of this Agreement or in any exhibit thereto (including exhibits incorporated by
reference therein), the Company represents and warrants to Parent and
Acquisition Sub as follows:

         3.1 SUBSIDIARIES; DUE ORGANIZATION; ETC.

         (a) The Company has no Subsidiaries, except for Avid Corporation, a
Pennsylvania corporation ("Avid"), and Triangle Pharma, Limited, a company
organized under the laws of England and Wales ("Triangle Pharma"); and neither
the Company nor either of its Subsidiaries owns any capital stock of, or any
equity interest of any nature in, any other Entity, other than capital stock of
Avid and Triangle Pharma and the capital stock and equity interests held by the
Company for passive investment in connection with the management of working
capital as reflected in the notes to the Unaudited Interim Balance Sheet. (The
Company and its Subsidiaries are referred to collectively in this Agreement as
the "Acquired Corporations.") None of the Acquired Corporations has agreed or is
obligated to make, or is bound by any Contract under which it may become
obligated to make, any future investment in or capital contribution to any other
Entity. None of the Acquired Corporations has, at any time since January 1,
2000, been a general partner of any general partnership or limited partnership.

         (b) Each of the Acquired Corporations is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is recognized)
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all necessary
corporate power and authority: (i) to conduct its business in the manner in
which its business is currently being conducted; (ii) to own and use its assets
in the manner in which its assets are currently owned and used; and (iii) to
perform its obligations under all Contracts by which it is bound.

                                      12.

         (c) Each of the Acquired Corporations is qualified or registered to do
business as a foreign corporation, and is in good standing (to the extent such
concept is recognized), under the laws of all jurisdictions where the nature of
its business requires such qualification or registration and where the potential
consequences of failing to be so qualified or registered are materially adverse
to such Acquired Corporation.

         3.2 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS. The Company has made
available to Parent accurate and complete copies of the certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and other charter and organizational documents of the
respective Acquired Corporations, including all amendments thereto.

         3.3 CAPITALIZATION, ETC.

         (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: (i)
175,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 76,904,133 shares have been
issued and are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement; and (ii) 10,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock, $.001 par value per share, (A) 170,000 shares of
which have been designated "Series A Preferred Stock," none of which are
outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (B) 230,000 shares of which have
been designated "Series B Preferred Stock," none of which are outstanding as of
the date of this Agreement and (C) 1,200,000 of which have been designated
"Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock," none of which are outstanding
as of the date of this Agreement. The Company does not hold any shares of its
capital stock in its treasury. All of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and
nonassessable. There are no shares of Company Common Stock held by either of the
Company's Subsidiaries. None of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
is entitled or subject to any preemptive right, right of participation, right of
maintenance or any similar right. None of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock is subject to any right of first refusal in favor of any of the
Acquired Corporations. There is no Acquired Corporation Contract relating to the
voting or registration of, or restricting any Person from purchasing, selling,
pledging or otherwise disposing of (or granting any option or similar right with
respect to) any shares of Company Common Stock. None of the Acquired
Corporations is under any obligation, or is bound by any Contract pursuant to
which it may become obligated, to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock.

         (b) As of the date of this Agreement: (i) all of the shares of the
Company's Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock are reserved for future
issuance upon exercise of the rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the
Rights Agreement, dated as of February 1, 1999 between the Company and American
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent (as amended by that certain
Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of June 2, 1999, that certain Amendment
to Rights Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2001, and that certain Amendment to
Rights Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2002, the "Company Rights Agreement");
(ii) 10,953,922 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant
to stock options granted and outstanding under the Company's Amended and
Restated 1996 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Company Option Plan"); (iii) 58,040
shares of Company Common Stock are reserved for future issuance pursuant to the
Company's 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"); (iv) 2,300,000 shares
of Company Common Stock are reserved for future issuance pursuant to the CEO
Incentive Plan; and (v) 300,000 shares of

                                      13.

Company Common Stock are reserved for future issuance to Ramius Securities, LLC
pursuant to a Common Stock Underwriting Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2000,
between Ramius Securities, LLC and the Company. (Options to purchase shares of
Company Common Stock (whether granted by the Company pursuant to the Company
Option Plan, assumed by the Company in connection with any merger, acquisition
or similar transaction or otherwise issued or granted) are referred to in this
Agreement as "Company Options.") Part 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
sets forth the following information, accurate in all material respects, with
respect to each Company Option outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i)
the particular plan (if any) pursuant to which such Company Option was granted;
(ii) the name of the optionee; (iii) the number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject to such Company Option; (iv) the exercise price of such Company
Option; (v) the date on which such Company Option was granted; (vi) the
applicable vesting schedule (and the terms of any right to accelerate the
vesting of such Company Option), and the extent to which such Company Option is
vested and exercisable as of the date of this Agreement; and (vii) the date on
which such Company Option expires. The Company has made available to Parent
accurate and complete copies of all stock option plans governing any stock
options granted by any Acquired Corporation that are outstanding as of the date
of this Agreement, and the forms of all stock option agreements evidencing such
options.

         (c) Except as provided in the Financing Documents and except as set
forth in Section 3.3(b) above, there is no: (i) outstanding subscription,
option, call, warrant or right (whether or not currently exercisable) to acquire
any shares of the capital stock or other securities of any of the Acquired
Corporations; (ii) outstanding security, instrument or obligation that is or may
become convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of the capital stock or
other securities of any of the Acquired Corporations; or (iii) stockholder
rights plan (or similar plan or Contract commonly referred to as a "poison
pill") under which any of the Acquired Corporations is or may become obligated
to sell or otherwise issue any shares of its capital stock or any other
securities.

         (d) All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, options, warrants
and other securities of the Acquired Corporations have been issued and granted
in compliance in all material respects with (i) all applicable securities laws
and other applicable Legal Requirements, and (ii) all requirements set forth in
applicable Contracts.

         (e) All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each of the
Company's Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully
paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability
attaching to the ownership thereof, and are owned beneficially and of record by
the Company, free and clear of any Encumbrances.

         3.4 SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

         (a) The Company has made available to Parent accurate and complete
copies of each registration statement, proxy statement and other statement,
report, schedule, form and other document filed by the Company with the SEC
since January 1, 2000, and all amendments thereto (the "Company SEC Documents").
Neither of the Company's Subsidiaries is required to file any documents with the
SEC. As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if

                                      14.

amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on
the date of such filing): (i) each of the Company SEC Documents complied in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act (as the case may be) and, to the extent not included in the
Exchange Act or the Securities Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
"Sarbanes-Oxley Act"); and (ii) except to the extent that information contained
in any Company SEC Document has been revised or superseded by a later filed
Company SEC Document filed prior to the date of this Agreement, none of the
Company SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The principal
executive officer of the Company and the principal financial officer of the
Company (and each former principal executive officer of the Company and each
former principal financial officer of the Company, as applicable) has made the
certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and
the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder with respect to the Company's
filings pursuant to the Exchange Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence,
"principal executive officer" and "principal financial officer" shall have the
meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

         (b) Except to the extent stated therein, the financial statements
(including any related notes) contained in the Company SEC Documents: (i) when
filed, complied as to form in all material respects with the published rules and
regulations of the SEC applicable thereto; (ii) when filed, were prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods covered (except as may be indicated in the notes to
such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted
by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may
not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end
adjustments that will not, individually or in the aggregate, be material in
amount), and (iii) fairly present the consolidated financial position of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and the
consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for the periods covered thereby (except as may be indicated in the
notes to such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial
statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring
year-end adjustments that will not, individually or in the aggregate, be
material in amount).

         3.5 ABSENCE OF CHANGES. From September 30, 2002 through the date of
this Agreement, and except for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the Financing Documents that are to occur contemporaneously with the
execution hereof:

                  (a) there was no event, and no circumstance arose, that
         individually or in combination with any other events or circumstances,
         has had a material adverse effect on the Acquired Corporations taken as
         a whole;

                  (b) none of the Acquired Corporations (i) declared, accrued,
         set aside or paid any dividend or made any other distribution in
         respect of any shares of capital stock, or (ii) repurchased, redeemed
         or otherwise reacquired any shares of capital stock or other
         securities;

                                      15.

                  (c) none of the Acquired Corporations sold, issued or granted,
         or authorized the sale, issuance or grant of, (i) any capital stock or
         other security (except for Company Common Stock issued upon the valid
         exercise of outstanding Company Options), (ii) any option, call,
         warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or other security (except
         for Company Options), or (iii) any instrument convertible into or
         exchangeable for any capital stock or other security;

                  (d) the Company did not (i) amend or waive any of its rights
         under, or permit the acceleration of vesting under, (A) any provision
         of the Company Option Plan, (B) any provision of any Contract
         evidencing any outstanding Company Option, or (C) any restricted stock
         purchase agreement or (ii) otherwise modify any of the terms of any
         outstanding option or other security or any related Contract;

                  (e) there was no amendment to the certificate of
         incorporation, bylaws or other charter or organizational documents of
         any of the Acquired Corporations, and none of the Acquired Corporations
         effected or was a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange,
         business combination, amalgamation, recapitalization, reclassification
         of shares, stock split, reverse stock split, division or subdivision of
         shares, consolidation of shares or similar transaction;

                  (f) none of the Acquired Corporations made any capital
         expenditure which, when added to all other capital expenditures made on
         behalf of the Acquired Corporations from September 30, 2002 through the
         date of this Agreement, exceeds $250,000 in the aggregate;

                  (g) except in the ordinary course of business and consistent
         with past practices, none of the Acquired Corporations (i) entered into
         or become bound by, or permitted any of the assets owned or used by it
         to become bound by, any Material Contract (as defined in Section 3.10),
         or (ii) amended or terminated, or waived or exercised any material
         right or remedy under, any Material Contract;

                  (h) except in the ordinary course of business and consistent
         with past practices, none of the Acquired Corporations (i) acquired,
         leased or licensed any material right or other material asset from any
         other Person, (ii) sold or otherwise disposed of, or leased or
         licensed, any right or other asset to any other Person, or (iii) waived
         or relinquished any material right, except (in each case) for rights or
         other assets acquired, leased, licensed or disposed of or otherwise
         licensed on a non-exclusive basis only for research or to enable third
         parties to provide services to the Acquired Corporations;

                  (i) none of the Acquired Corporations wrote off as
         uncollectible, or established any extraordinary reserve with respect
         to, any indebtedness in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate;

                  (j) none of the Acquired Corporations made any pledge of any
         of its assets or otherwise permitted any of its material assets to
         become subject to any Encumbrance;

                                      16.

                  (k) none of the Acquired Corporations (i) lent money to any
         Person (which shall not be deemed to include the prepayment of business
         expenses in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
         practices), or (ii) incurred or guaranteed any indebtedness for
         borrowed money;

                  (l) none of the Acquired Corporations (i) adopted, established
         or entered into any Company Employee Plan, (ii) caused or permitted any
         Company Employee Plan to be amended in any material respect, or (iii)
         paid any bonus or made any profit-sharing or similar payment to, or
         materially increased the amount of the wages, salary, commissions,
         fringe benefits or other compensation or remuneration payable to, any
         of its directors, officers or employees except as disclosed elsewhere
         in the Company Disclosure Schedule or in the ordinary course of
         business and consistent with past practices;

                  (m) none of the Acquired Corporations changed any of its
         methods of accounting or accounting practices in any material respect,
         except as required by generally accepted accounting principles;

                  (n) none of the Acquired Corporations made any material Tax
         election;

                  (o) none of the Acquired Corporations commenced or settled any
         material Legal Proceeding; and

                  (p) none of the Acquired Corporations agreed or committed to
         take any of the actions referred to in clauses "(b)" through "(o)"
         above.

         3.6 TITLE TO ASSETS. As of the date of this Agreement, the Acquired
Corporations own, and have good and valid title to the rights and other assets
reflected on the Unaudited Interim Balance Sheet (except for inventory sold or
otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business since the date of the
Unaudited Interim Balance Sheet, and except for any Intellectual Property Rights
or Intellectual Property which is covered under Section 3.9), subject only to
deficiencies of title which do not in the aggregate have a material adverse
effect on the Acquired Corporations taken as a whole. As of the date of this
Agreement, all of said rights and other assets are owned by the Acquired
Corporations free and clear of any Encumbrances, except for (1) any Encumbrance
for current Taxes not yet due and payable and (2) Encumbrances that do not (in
any case or in the aggregate) materially detract from the value of the assets
subject thereto or materially impair the operations of the Acquired Corporations
taken as a whole.

         3.7 REAL PROPERTY. None of the Acquired Corporations owns any real
property or any interest in real property.

         3.8 INVENTORIES.

         (a) Part 3.8(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule provides, as of the
date of this Agreement: (i) in Part 3.8(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, an accurate and complete summary (by quantity and expiration/retest
date) of each Acquired Corporation's

                                      17.

existing inventories of Bulk Emtricitabine (except for discrepancies that are
reasonably acceptable according to customary pharmaceutical industry practices),
manufactured by Abbott under the Abbott Agreement and (ii) in Part 3.8(a)(ii) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, an accurate and complete summary (by quantity
and delivery date for each such order) of each Acquired Corporation's
outstanding firm orders placed with, and accepted by, Abbott for Bulk
Emtricitabine, to be manufactured by Abbott under the Abbott Agreement. To the
Knowledge of the Company, the inventories referred to above in this subsection
were manufactured by Abbott in accordance in all material respects with the
requirements of and warranties specified in the Abbott Agreement therefor. No
Acquired Corporation has any outstanding firm order placed with, and accepted
by, Abbott for Finished Emtricitabine.

         (b) Part 3.8(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth an
accurate and complete breakdown of the pricing applicable to the Company's firm
orders for the purchase of Bulk Emtricitabine and Finished Emtricitabine from
Abbott as of the date of this Agreement.

         (c) For each Company Pharmaceutical Product, the total of the Acquired
Corporations' inventories, in bulk active pharmaceutical and finished product
form, plus the quantities thereof represented by the Acquired Corporations' firm
orders therefor, are reasonably sufficient for the conduct of all clinical
trials being conducted by or on behalf of any of the Acquired Corporations
thereon for the next four (4) months.

         3.9 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

         (a) Part 3.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately
identifies in all material respects, with respect to each Company Pharmaceutical
Product, all material Acquired Corporation Patent Rights necessary or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, currently intended for use, in the manufacture, use,
import, offer for sale, sale or other development or commercialization of such
Company Pharmaceutical Product, that is owned by or licensed to the Acquired
Corporations (all such material Acquired Corporation Patent Rights required to
be identified in Part 3.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule being referred
to as "Product IP"), and, for each item of Product IP, (i) whether it is
Registered IP, and if it is Registered IP the jurisdiction in which such item of
Registered IP has been registered or filed and the applicable registration or
serial number; (ii) the identity of any other Person that has an ownership
interest in such item of Product IP and the nature of such ownership interest;
(iii) the identity of any license agreement under which the Company has obtained
rights in such item of Product IP; and (iv) any Contract pursuant to which any
of the Acquired Corporations has granted or made any license, material right
(including any right to receive any royalty payment, milestone payment, success
payment or maintenance fee or similar fee) or material Encumbrance to, under or
in connection with such item of Product IP to or in favor of any other Person,
other than non-exclusive licenses only for research or manufacturing on behalf
of the Acquired Corporations. The Company has provid