URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1110700/000089161803000104/0000891618-03-000104.txt

 MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6506383399

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 SOUTH AMPHLETT BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94402

PREM14A

f86826prprem14a.htm

PRELIMINARY MERGER PROXY MATERIALS

AvantGo, Inc. Preliminary Merger Proxy Materials



UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A

PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 14(a)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF

(RULE 14a-101)

Filed by the
Registrant 


Filed by a Party other than the
Registrant 
o

Check the appropriate box:


  Preliminary
    Proxy Statement

o
  Confidential,
    for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by
    Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

o
  Definitive
    Proxy Statement

o
  Definitive
    Additional Materials

o
  Soliciting
    Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12

AVANTGO, INC.

(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if
other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

o

No fee required.



Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act
    Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11.

          (1)

Title of each class of securities to which
    transaction applies:

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of
AvantGo, Inc.

          (2)

Aggregate number of securities to which
    transaction applies: Approximately 37,328,038 shares of AvantGo
    Common Stock (representing the number of shares of AvantGo
    Common Stock outstanding on December 19, 2002 and shares of
    AvantGo Common Stock underlying in-the-money options exercisable
    as of the record date)

          (3)

Per unit price or other underlying value of
    transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11
    (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and
    state how it was determined): The filing fee of $3,536.00 was
    calculated pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 and
    Section 14(g) of the Exchange Act, as amended, and is equal
    to $92.00 per million of the aggregate merger consideration of
    $38,428,478

          (4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

                           $38,428,478

          (5)

Total fee paid:

                           $3,536.00

o

Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

o

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as
    provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the
    filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously.
    Identify the previous filing by registration statement number,
    or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

          (1)     Amount
Previously Paid:

          (2)     Form,
Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

          (3)     Filing
Party:

          (4)     Date
Filed:



Preliminary Copy  Subject to
Completion

(AVANTGO LOGO)

SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY
IMPORTANT

Dear AvantGo, Inc. Stockholder:

The board of directors of AvantGo, Inc. has
approved a merger pursuant to which AvantGo will be acquired by
Sybase, Inc.

If the merger is completed, holders of
AvantGos common stock will receive $1.0294797 in cash,
without interest, for each share of AvantGos common stock
they own.

Stockholders of AvantGo will be asked, at a
special meeting of AvantGos stockholders, to adopt and
approve the merger agreement and approve the merger. In
connection with its evaluation of our strategic alternatives,
including the merger, the board engaged Alliant Partners to act
as its financial advisor. Alliant Partners delivered its written
opinion to our board of directors to the effect that, as of
December 18, 2002, and based upon and subject to the
factors and assumptions set forth in the written opinion, the
$1.0294797 per share in cash to be received by holders of our
common stock pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a
financial point of view to those holders. In addition, the board
of directors of AvantGo has unanimously determined that the
merger is advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of,
AvantGo and our stockholders, approved the merger agreement, the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, and declared that it is in the best interests of
AvantGos stockholders that you adopt and approve the
merger agreement and approve the merger on the terms and
conditions set forth in the merger agreement. 
The board of
directors of AvantGo unanimously recommends that AvantGos
stockholders vote FOR adoption and approval of the merger
agreement and approval of the merger.

The date, time and place of the special meeting
to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger
agreement is as follows:

[Day],
    [Month]        , 2003

10:00 a.m., local time

25881 Industrial Boulevard

Hayward, CA 94545

The proxy statement attached to this letter
provides you with information about the special meeting of the
AvantGo stockholders and the proposed merger. We encourage you
to read the entire proxy statement carefully.

Your vote is very important.

Whether or not you plan to attend the
special meeting, if you are a holder of AvantGo common stock
please take the time to vote by completing, signing, dating and
mailing the enclosed proxy card to us.

DAVID PRATT

President and Chief Executive
    Officer

AvantGo, Inc.

The proxy statement is dated
    [Month]        , 2003, and is
    first being mailed to stockholders of AvantGo on or about
    [Month]        , 2003.



Preliminary Copy  Subject to
Completion

(AVANTGO LOGO)

AVANTGO, INC.

25881 Industrial Boulevard

Hayward, California 94545

(510) 259-4000

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS

TO BE HELD ON
[MONTH]        ,

To the Stockholders of AvantGo, Inc.:

A special meeting of stockholders of AvantGo,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, will be held on [Day],
[Month]        , 2003 at
10:00 a.m., local time, at our headquarters located at
25881 Industrial Blvd., Hayward, California 94545, for the
following purposes:

1.     To consider and
    vote upon a proposal to adopt and approve the Agreement and Plan
    of Merger, dated as of December 19, 2002, among Sybase,
    Inc., a Delaware corporation, Seurat Acquisition Corporation, a
    Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sybase,
    and AvantGo, pursuant to which AvantGo will become a
    wholly-owned subsidiary of Sybase and each outstanding share of
    AvantGo common stock will be converted into the right to receive
    $1.0294797 in cash, and to approve the merger of AvantGo with a
    subsidiary of Sybase; and

2.     To transact such
    other business as may properly come before the special meeting
    or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

The board of directors of AvantGo has fixed the
close of business on
[Month]        , 2003 as the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any
adjournment or postponement thereof. Only holders of record of
shares of AvantGos common stock at the close of business
on the record date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at,
the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
At the close of business on the record date, AvantGo had
outstanding and entitled to vote
[                              ]
shares of common stock. Holders of AvantGos common stock
are entitled to appraisal rights under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, or, if applicable, dissenters rights
under the California General Corporation Law, in connection with
the merger if they meet certain conditions. See The
Merger  Appraisal and Dissenters Rights.

Your vote is important. The affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
AvantGos common stock is required to adopt and approve the
merger agreement and approve the merger. Even if you plan to
attend the special meeting in person, we request that you
complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy and thus
ensure that your shares will be represented at the special
meeting if you are unable to attend. If you sign, date and mail
your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your
proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger. If
you fail to return your AvantGo proxy card, the effect will be
that your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining
whether a quorum is present at the AvantGo special meeting but
will effectively be counted as a vote against adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and against approval of
the



merger. If you do attend the special meeting
and wish to vote in person, you may withdraw your proxy and vote
in person.

By order of the Board of Directors

Mark Cochran

Secretary

Hayward, California

[Month]        ,



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY

Forward-Looking Information

The Companies

Merger Consideration

Treatment of Awards Outstanding under AvantGos Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants

Market Price and Dividend Data

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation to Stockholders

Opinion of our Financial Advisor

The Special Meeting of AvantGos Stockholders

Interests of AvantGos Directors and Management in the Merger

Accounting Treatment

Appraisal and Dissenters Rights

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of Special Meeting

Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Votes Required

Voting by AvantGos Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Stockholders

Voting of Proxies

Revocability of Proxies

Solicitation of Proxies

THE COMPANIES

AvantGo

Sybase

Sybase Merger Subsidiary

THE MERGER

Background to the Merger

Reasons for the Merger and Board of Directors Recommendation

Opinion of AvantGos Financial Advisor

Interests of AvantGos Directors and Management in the Merger

Appraisal and Dissenters Rights

Accounting Treatment

Form of the Merger

Effect on Awards Outstanding under AvantGos Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants

Effective Time of the Merger

Delisting and Deregistration of AvantGos Common Stock

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

Regulatory Matters

Continuation of AvantGos Employee Benefits

THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND VOTING AGREEMENTS

The Merger Agreement

The Voting Agreements

SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ARTICLE I The Merger

ARTICLE II Representations and Warranties of Company

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub

ARTICLE IV Conduct Prior to the Effective Time

ARTICLE V Additional Agreements

ARTICLE VI Conditions to the Merger

ARTICLE VII Termination, Amendment and Waiver

ARTICLE VIII General Provisions





Page

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

iii

SUMMARY

Forward-Looking Information

The Companies

Merger Consideration

Treatment of Awards Outstanding under
    AvantGos Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants

Market Price and Dividend Data

Material United States Federal Income Tax
    Consequences of the Merger

Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation to Stockholders

Opinion of our Financial Advisor

The Special Meeting of AvantGos Stockholders

Interests of AvantGos Directors and
    Management in the Merger

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

Limitation on Considering other Acquisition
    Proposals

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Expenses and Termination Fees

Voting Agreements

Accounting Treatment

Appraisal and Dissenters Rights

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of Special Meeting

Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Votes Required

Voting by AvantGos Directors, Executive
    Officers and Certain Stockholders

Voting of Proxies

Revocability of Proxies

Solicitation of Proxies

THE COMPANIES

AvantGo

Sybase

Sybase Merger Subsidiary

THE MERGER

Background to the Merger

Reasons for the Merger and Board of
    Directors Recommendation

Opinion of AvantGos Financial Advisor

Interests of AvantGos Directors and
    Management in the Merger

i



Page

Appraisal and Dissenters Rights

Accounting Treatment

Form of the Merger

Merger Consideration

Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange of
    Certificates

Effect on Awards Outstanding under AvantGos
    Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants

Effective Time of the Merger

Delisting and Deregistration of AvantGos
    Common Stock

Material United States Federal Income Tax
    Consequences of the Merger

Regulatory Matters

Continuation of AvantGos Employee Benefits

THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND VOTING AGREEMENTS

The Merger Agreement

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

Material Adverse Effect

No Solicitation

Termination

Termination Fee

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

Reasonable Efforts

Amendment; Extension and Waiver

Expenses

Representations and Warranties

AvantGo Certificate of Incorporation

AvantGo Bylaws

The Voting Agreements

SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
    AND MANAGEMENT

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A  Agreement and Plan of Merger

ANNEX B  Appraisal Rights 
    Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law

ANNEX C  Dissenters
    Rights  Sections 1300-1313 of the California
    Corporations Code

ANNEX D  Opinion of Alliant Partners

ii



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q:     What will
AvantGos stockholders receive in the merger?

A:     As a result of
the merger, our stockholders will receive $1.0294797 in cash,
without interest, for each share of our common stock they own.
For example, if you own 100 shares of our common stock, you
will receive approximately $102.95 in cash in exchange for your
AvantGo shares.

Q:     What will
happen to my options in the merger?

A:     As a result of
the merger, any options that are outstanding at the effective
time of the merger will be terminated. If you wish to receive a
payment in respect of your vested options in the merger, you
must exercise those vested options prior to the effective time
of the merger. You should not exercise any options with a per
share exercise price greater than $1.0294797 per share or you
will lose money in the merger.

Q:     What do I need
to do now?

A:     We urge you to
read this proxy statement carefully, including its annexes, and
to consider how the merger affects you. Then mail your
completed, dated and signed proxy card in the enclosed return
envelope as soon as possible so that your shares can be voted at
the special meeting of our stockholders.

Q:     How does
AvantGos board of directors recommend I vote?

A:     At a meeting held
on December 18, 2002, our board of directors unanimously
determined that the merger is advisable and fair to, and in the
best interests of, AvantGo and our stockholders, approved the
merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, and declared that it is in
the best interests of AvantGos stockholders that you adopt
and approve the merger agreement and approve the merger on the
terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement. The
board of directors of AvantGo unanimously recommends that you
vote FOR adoption and approval of the merger agreement and
approval of the merger.

Q:     What happens
if I do not return a proxy card?

A:     If you fail to
return your proxy card, the effect will be that your shares will
not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is
present at the special meeting. In addition, the failure to
return your proxy card will have the same effect as voting
against the merger.

Q:     May I vote in
person?

A:     Yes. If your
shares are not held in street name through a broker
or bank, you may attend the special meeting of our stockholders
and vote your shares in person, rather than signing and
returning your proxy card. If your shares are held in
street name, you must get a proxy from your broker
or bank in order to attend the special meeting and vote.

Q:     Do I need to
attend the special meeting in person?

A:     No. You do not
have to attend the special meeting in order to vote your AvantGo
shares. Your shares can be voted at the special meeting of our
stockholders without attending by mailing your completed, dated
and signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope.

Q: May I change my vote after I have mailed my
signed proxy card?

A:     Yes. You may
change your vote at any time before your proxy card is voted at
the special meeting. You can do this in one of three ways.
First, you can send a written, dated notice to the Secretary of
AvantGo stating that you would like to revoke your proxy.
Second, you can complete, date, and submit a new proxy card.
Third, you can attend the meeting and vote in person. Your
attendance alone will not revoke your proxy. If you have

iii



instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must
follow directions received from your broker to change your
instructions.

Q:     If my broker
holds my shares in street name, will my broker vote
my shares for me?

A:     Your broker will
not be able to vote your shares without instructions from you.
You should instruct your broker to vote your shares, following
the procedures provided by your broker. Without instructions,
your shares will not be voted, which will have the same effect
as a vote against the merger.

Q:     Should I send
in my AvantGo stock certificates now?

A:     No. After the
merger is completed, you will receive written instructions for
exchanging your shares of our common stock for the merger
consideration of $1.0294797 in cash, without interest, for each
share of our common stock.

Q:     When do you
expect the merger to be completed?

A:     We are working
toward completing the merger as quickly as possible. We expect
to complete the merger during the first calendar quarter of
2003. In addition to obtaining stockholder approval, we must
satisfy all other closing conditions.

Q:     What if the
proposed merger is not completed?

A:     It is possible
that the proposed merger will not be completed. The proposed
merger will not be completed if, for example, the holders of a
majority of AvantGo common stock do not vote to adopt and
approve the merger agreement and approve the proposed merger. If
the merger is not completed, AvantGo will continue its current
operations and will remain a publicly-held company.

Q:     Am I entitled
to appraisal or dissenters rights?

A:     Yes. Holders of
our common stock are entitled to appraisal rights under the
Delaware General Corporation Law, or, if applicable,
dissenters rights under the California Corporations Code,
in connection with the merger if they meet certain conditions.

Q:     Will I owe
taxes as a result of the merger?

A:     The merger will
be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax
purposes (and also may be taxed under applicable state, local,
and other tax laws). In general, for United States federal
income tax purposes, you will recognize gain or loss equal to
the difference between (1) the amount of cash you receive
in the merger for your shares of AvantGo common stock and
(2) the tax basis of your shares of AvantGo common stock.
Refer to the section entitled The Merger 
Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger for a more detailed explanation of the tax
consequences of the merger. You should consult your tax advisor
on how specific tax consequences of the merger apply to you.

Q:     What other
matters will be voted on at the special meeting?

A:     AvantGo does not
expect to ask its stockholders to vote on any other matters at
the special meeting.

iv



Q:     Who can help
answer my questions?

A:     If you would like
additional copies, without charge, of this proxy statement or if
you have questions about the merger, including the procedures
for voting your shares, you should contact:

AvantGo, Inc.

Attn: Investor Relations

25881 Industrial Boulevard

Hayward, California 94545

(510) 259-4000

InvestorRelations@AvantGo.com

or our proxy solicitor,

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

Attn: Mark Harnett

105 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor

New York, New York 10016

(800) 322-2885

v



SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information
from this proxy statement and may not contain all of the
information that is important to you. To understand the merger
fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of
the merger, you should read carefully this entire proxy
statement and the documents we refer to herein. See Where
You Can Find More Information. The merger agreement is
attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. We encourage you to
read the merger agreement as it is the legal document that
governs the merger.

Forward-Looking Information

This proxy statement contains
forward-looking statements, as defined in
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, that are based on our current expectations,
assumptions, estimates and projections about our company and our
industry. The forward-looking statements are subject to various
risks and uncertainties. Generally, these forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology such as anticipate, believe,
estimate, expect, intend,
project, should, and similar
expressions. Those statements include, among other things, the
risk that the merger may not be consummated in a timely manner,
if at all, risks regarding employee retention and other risks
detailed in our and Sybases current filings with the SEC,
including our most recent filing on Form 10-Q and
Sybases most recent filing on Form 10-Q, which
discuss these and other important risk factors concerning our
respective operations. We caution you that reliance on any
forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties, and
that although we believe that the assumptions on which our
forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of
those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and, as a
result, the forward-looking statements based on those
assumptions could be incorrect. In light of these and other
uncertainties, you should not conclude that we will necessarily
achieve any plans and objectives or projected financial results
referred to in any of the forward-looking statements. We do not
undertake to release the results of any revisions of these
forward-looking statements to reflect future events or
circumstances.

The Companies

AvantGo, Inc.

25881 Industrial Boulevard

Hayward, California 94545

Telephone: (510) 259-4000

Incorporated under the laws of Delaware in June
1997, we are a leading provider of mobile enterprise software
and services that power the mobile economy 
delivering any time, anywhere information access to enterprises
and individual using mobile devices. We deliver mobile customer
relationship management (CRM) solutions that unlock the
return on investment of popular CRM systems by driving adoption,
and mobile data collection solutions that improve field
productivity and data accuracy. See The
Companies  AvantGo.

Sybase, Inc.

One Sybase Drive

Dublin, California 94568

Phone: (925) 236-5000

Sybase, a Delaware corporation, is an integration
and infrastructure software company that provides technology to
integrate platforms, databases and applications. Sybases
business is organized into three principal operating divisions.
The Infrastructure Platform Group offers Sybases core
technology and solutions that let enterprises integrate, move
and manage very large amounts of data and applications across
diverse computing environments. iAnywhere Solutions
products and solutions extend enterprise systems to remote and
wireless devices to enable e-business and m-business. Financial
Fusion provides e-finance solutions to financial institutions,
fusing applications and middleware on a single, integrated
platform. See The Companies  Sybase.



Seurat Acquisition Corporation

One Sybase Drive

Dublin, California 94568

Phone: (925) 236-5000

Seurat Acquisition Corporation is a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sybase. Seurat
Acquisition Corporation was organized solely for the purpose of
functioning as an acquisition vehicle and has not conducted any
business operations. See The Companies  Sybase
Merger Subsidiary.

Merger Consideration

If the merger is completed, you will receive
$1.0294797 in cash, without interest, in exchange for each share
of our common stock that you own.

After the merger is completed, you will have the
right to receive the merger consideration but you will no longer
have any rights as an AvantGo stockholder. You will receive your
portion of the merger consideration after exchanging your
AvantGo stock certificates in accordance with the instructions
contained in a letter of transmittal to be sent to you shortly
after completion of the merger.

See The Merger  Merger
Consideration.

Treatment of Awards Outstanding under
AvantGos Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants

Stock Options.
 As a
result of the merger, any options that are outstanding at the
effective time of the merger will be terminated. If you wish to
receive a payment in respect of your vested options in the
merger, you must exercise those vested options prior to the
effective time of the merger. You should not exercise any
options with a per share exercise price greater than $1.0294797
or you will lose money in the merger.

Warrants. 
At the
effective time of the merger each warrant to purchase shares of
AvantGo common stock will be assumed by Sybase and shall
continue to have the same terms and conditions set forth in the
applicable warrant agreement, except that such warrant will be
exercisable for an amount of cash equal to the product of the
number of shares of AvantGo common stock that were issuable upon
exercise of such warrant immediately prior to the effective time
multiplied by $1.0294797. See The Merger 
Effect of Awards Outstanding under AvantGos Stock Plans
and Outstanding Warrants.

Market Price and Dividend Data

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq SmallCap
Market under the symbol AVGO. On December 19,
2002, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement
of the proposed merger, our common stock closed at $0.53. On

[                    ]
,
2002, the last practicable trading day prior to the date of this
proxy statement, our common stock closed at
$
[                    ]
.
See Market Price and Dividend Data.

Material United States Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger

The exchange of shares of our common stock for
the cash merger consideration will be a taxable transaction to
our stockholders for United States federal income tax purposes.
See The Merger  Material United States Federal
Income Tax Consequences of the Merger.

Tax matters can be complicated, and the tax
consequences of the merger to you will depend on the facts of
your own situation. You should consult your own tax advisor to
fully understand the tax consequences of the merger to
you.



Reasons for the Merger

Our board of directors approved the merger based
on a number of positive factors, including the following:

 

the value of the consideration to be received by
    our stockholders in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement;

 

the fact that the $1.0294797 per share to be paid
    as the consideration in the merger represents a premium of
    approximately $0.38, or 58.38% over the trailing average closing
    sales prices for our common stock as reported on Nasdaq for the
    one month ended December 17, 2002, of $0.65 per share, a
    premium of approximately $0.41, or 66.05% over the trailing
    average closing sales prices for our common stock as reported on
    Nasdaq for the one week ended December 17, 2002, of $0.62
    per share, and a premium of approximately $0.43, or 71.58% over
    the $0.60 closing sale price for our common stock as reported on
    Nasdaq on December 17, 2002, the trading day prior to the
    boards approval of the merger agreement;

 

the financial presentation and written opinion of
    Alliant Partners to our board of directors to the effect that,
    as of December 18, 2002, and based upon and subject to the
    factors and assumptions set forth in the written opinion, the
    $1.0294797 per share in cash to be received by holders of our
    common stock pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a
    financial point of view to those holders (the full text of this
    opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, procedures
    followed, matters considered and limitations on the review
    undertaken by Alliant Partners in connection with the opinion,
    is attached as Annex D to this proxy statement);

 

the likelihood that the proposed acquisition
    would be consummated, in light of the experience, reputation and
    financial capabilities of Sybase;

 

the terms of the merger agreement and related
    documents, including the parties representations,
    warranties and covenants, and the conditions to their respective
    obligations; and

 

the fact that pursuant to the merger agreement,
    we are not prohibited from responding (at any time prior to our
    stockholders approval and adoption of the merger agreement
    with Sybase) in the manner provided in the merger agreement to
    certain takeover proposals that our board of directors
    determines in good faith constitute a superior offer, and, upon
    payment of a predetermined termination fee, we may terminate the
    merger agreement under certain circumstances to enter into a
    superior offer.

In approving the merger, our board of directors
also took into account a number of negative factors, including
the following:

 

risks and contingencies related to the
    announcement and pendency of the merger, the possibility that
    the merger will not be consummated and the potential negative
    effect of public announcement of the merger in that event on our
    sales, operating results and stock price and our ability to
    retain key management and personnel;

 

that our stockholders would not benefit from any
    potential future increase in our value;

 

the conditions to Sybases obligation to
    complete the merger and the right of Sybase to terminate the
    merger agreement under certain circumstances; and

 

the interests that certain of our directors and
    executive officers may have with respect to the merger in
    addition to their interests as stockholders of AvantGo
    generally, as described in The Merger 
    Interests of AvantGos Directors and Management in the
    Merger.

See The Merger  Reasons for the
Merger and Board of Directors Recommendation.



Recommendation to Stockholders

Our board of directors has unanimously:

 

determined that the merger is advisable and fair
    to, and in the best interests of, AvantGo and our stockholders;

 

approved the merger agreement, the merger and the
    other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

 

declared that it is in the best interests of
    AvantGos stockholders that you adopt and approve the
    merger agreement and approve the merger on the terms and
    conditions set forth in the merger agreement; and

 

recommended that our stockholders vote FOR
    adoption of the merger agreement.

See The Merger  Reasons for the
Merger and Board of Directors Recommendation.

Opinion of our Financial Advisor

Alliant Partners delivered its opinion to our
board of directors that, as of the date of the written fairness
opinion and based upon and subject to the factors and
assumptions set forth in the written opinion, the $1.0294797 per
share in cash to be received by holders of our common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a financial point
of view to those holders.

The full text of the written opinion of Alliant
Partners, dated December 18, 2002, which sets forth
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the
opinion, is attached as Annex D to this proxy statement. Our
stockholders should read the opinion in its entirety. Alliant
Partners provided its opinion for the information and assistance
of our board of directors in connection with its consideration
of the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement. The
Alliant Partners opinion is not a recommendation as to how any
holder of our common stock should vote with respect to the
transaction.

See The Merger  Opinion of
AvantGos Financial Advisor.

The Special Meeting of AvantGos
Stockholders

Time, Date and
Place.
 A special meeting of our
stockholders will be held on [Day],
[Month]                     ,
2003, at our headquarters located at 25881 Industrial Blvd.,
Hayward, California 94545 at 10:00 a.m., local time, to
consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt and approve the
merger agreement and approve the merger.

Record Date and Voting
Power.
 You are entitled to vote at the
special meeting if you owned shares of our common stock at the
close of business on
[Month]                     ,
2003, the record date for the special meeting. You will have one
vote at the special meeting for each share of our common stock
you owned at the close of business on the record date. There are
approximately

[                    ]
shares
of our common stock entitled to be voted at the special meeting.

Required Vote.
 The
adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding at
the close of business on the record date.

Share Ownership of Directors and
Management.
 Our executive officers,
directors and their affiliates beneficially owned approximately
[     ]% of our outstanding shares
entitled to vote at the special meeting as of the close of
business on the record date, excluding options to purchase
shares of our common stock which were unexercised as of the
record date.

See The Special Meeting.



Interests of AvantGos Directors and
Management in the Merger

When considering the unanimous recommendation by
our board of directors in favor of the merger, you should be
aware that members of our board of directors and our executive
officers have interests in the merger that are different from,
or in addition to, yours, including, among others:

 

certain indemnification arrangements for our
    directors and officers will be continued if the merger is
    completed;

 

certain of our officers will be entitled to
    severance payments and will have the vesting of options and
    restricted stock accelerated in connection with the merger;

 

concurrent with the signing of the merger
    agreement, certain of our officers accepted offers of employment
    with iAnywhere Solutions, a subsidiary of Sybase, which will
    become effective following the merger. The offers of employment
    include customary employee benefits, including options to
    purchase shares of iAnywhere Solutions and Sybase common stock
    in the future, and retention incentives; and

 

certain of our officers hold promissory notes
    payable to us which, under the terms of the notes, the
    outstanding principal and interest will be accelerated and due
    at the closing of the merger as a result of the termination of
    their employment. The officers have agreed that Sybase may
    withhold certain cash payments resulting from their severance
    benefits and proceeds to be received as a result of the merger
    for our common stock held by them, and that Sybase may apply the
    amounts so withheld against their respective outstanding
    indebtedness under the notes. Sybase has further agreed to
    extend the maturity date of the remaining principal and interest
    due and owing under such notes.

See The Merger  Interests of
AvantGos Directors and Management in the Merger.

Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger

Each partys obligation to effect the merger
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of various conditions,
which include the following:

 

the holders of a majority of the outstanding
    shares of our common stock must have voted in favor of adopting
    the merger agreement;

 

no statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
    decree, injunction or other order, whether temporary,
    preliminary or permanent, that has the effect of making the
    merger illegal or otherwise preventing the completion of the
    merger shall have been enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
    entered by any governmental entity;

 

all material foreign antitrust approvals must
    have been obtained prior to the effective time of the merger; and

 

no order suspending the use of this proxy
    statement may be issued and no proceeding to suspend the use of
    this proxy statement shall have been initiated or threatened in
    writing by the SEC.

We will not be obligated to effect the merger
unless the following conditions are satisfied or waived:

 

the representations and warranties of Sybase and
    Seurat Acquisition Corporation must be true and correct as of
    the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date of
    the merger, subject to certain exceptions; and

 

each of Sybase and Seurat Acquisition Corporation
    must have performed or complied in all material respects with
    all agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement at
    or prior to the closing of the merger.

Sybase will not be obligated to effect the merger
unless the following conditions are satisfied or waived:

 

our representations and warranties must be true
    and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
    closing date of the merger, subject to certain exceptions;



 

we must have performed or complied in all
    material respects with all agreements and covenants required by
    the merger agreement at or prior to the closing of the merger;

 

no material adverse effect with respect to us and
    our subsidiaries shall have occurred since the date of the
    merger agreement;

 

our total revenues for the quarter ended
    December 31, 2002 must not have been less than 90% of the
    total revenues targeted for the quarter ended December 31,
    2002 (we have satisfied this condition); and

 

our total costs and expenses for the quarter
    ended December 31, 2002 must not have been greater than
    110% of the total costs and expenses budgeted for the quarter
    ended December 31, 2002 (we have satisfied this condition).

See The Merger Agreement and Voting
Agreements  The Merger Agreement 
Conditions to the Completion of the Merger.

Limitation on Considering other Acquisition
Proposals

We have agreed, subject to certain exceptions
arising out of fiduciary duties of our board of directors, that
we will not, and will not permit any of our subsidiaries to, nor
will we authorize or permit any of our or our subsidiaries
officers, directors, affiliates or employees or any of our or
their investment bankers, attorneys, accountants or other
advisors or representatives retained by us or them, to, directly
or indirectly:

 

solicit, initiate, knowingly or intentionally
    encourage, facilitate or induce the making, submission or
    announcement of any other acquisition proposal;

 

participate in any negotiations or discussions
    regarding, or furnish to any person any non-public information
    with respect to, or take any other action to facilitate any
    inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may
    reasonably be expected to lead to, any other acquisition
    proposal;

 

approve, endorse or recommend any other
    acquisition proposal; or

 

enter into any letter of intent or similar
    document or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to
    any other acquisition transaction.

The merger agreement does provide that our board
of directors may enter into a confidentiality agreement with, or
enter into negotiations or discussions with, any person or group
in response to an acquisition proposal submitted and not
withdrawn by such person or group, if:

 

neither we nor our subsidiaries nor any of our or
    their representatives have violated the restrictions set forth
    above;

 

our board of directors concludes in good faith,
    after consultation with our outside legal counsel, that the
    action is required in order for our board of directors to comply
    with its fiduciary duties to our stockholders under applicable
    law;

 

at least two (2) business days prior to
    providing any nonpublic information to, or entering into
    negotiations or discussions with, such person or group, we give
    Sybase written notice of the identity of the person or group and
    of our intention to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter
    into negotiations or discussions with, such person or group;

 

we receive from such person or group an executed
    confidentiality agreement containing limitations on the use and
    disclosure of all nonpublic written and oral information
    provided by us to such person or group, with limitations which
    are no less favorable to us than those in the confidentiality
    agreement entered into with Sybase; and

 

contemporaneously with providing any nonpublic
    information to such person or group, we provide such nonpublic
    information to Sybase.

See The Merger Agreement and Voting
Agreements  The Merger Agreement  No
Solicitation.



Termination of the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the effective time of the merger under certain
circumstances, including:

 

by mutual written consent authorized by the
    boards of directors of Sybase and us;

 

by either Sybase or us, if the merger has not
    been completed by April 19, 2003;

 

by either Sybase or us, if any governmental
    entity issues any final and non-appealable order, decree or
    ruling or any other action having the effect of permanently
    restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger;

 

by either Sybase or us, if our stockholders do
    not approve the merger agreement at a duly held stockholders
    meeting;

 

by us, upon the approval of our board of
    directors, if our board of directors concludes in good faith
    that it is required to terminate the merger agreement by its
    fiduciary duties to our stockholders in connection with entering
    into a definitive agreement with respect to an acquisition
    proposal which qualifies as a superior offer;

 

by either Sybase or us, if the other party has
    breached any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
    other agreements contained in the merger agreement such that any
    of the conditions to the merger would not be satisfied;

 

by Sybase in the event we breach any of the
    provisions regarding solicitation of an acquisition proposal; or

 

by Sybase if any of the following
    triggering events occurs:

      

our board of directors or any of its committees
    for any reason withdraws or withholds, or amends, changes or
    modifies in a manner adverse to Sybase, its unanimous
    recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the
    merger agreement or the approval of the merger;

      

we fail to include in this proxy statement the
    unanimous recommendation of our board of directors that
    stockholders vote in favor of and adopt and approve the merger
    agreement and the merger;

      

our board of directors or any of its committees
    approves or recommends any other acquisition proposal;

      

we enter into any letter of intent or similar
    document or any contract accepting any other acquisition
    proposal; or

      

a tender or exchange offer relating to our
    securities is commenced by a person unaffiliated with Sybase and
    we have not sent to our stockholders, within ten (10)
    business days after such a tender or exchange offer is first
    published, sent or given, a statement disclosing that our board
    of directors recommends rejection of such tender or exchange
    offer.

See The Merger Agreement and Voting
Agreements  The Merger Agreement 
Termination.

Expenses and Termination Fees

The merger agreement provides that regardless of
whether the merger is consummated, all fees and expenses
incurred by the parties shall be borne by the party incurring
such expenses, provided, however, that we and Sybase will
equally share the fees and expenses (other than the fees and
expenses of attorneys and accountants) incurred in connection
with the printing and filing of this proxy statement and any
amendments and supplements to this proxy statement.



The merger agreement requires, however, that we
pay Sybase a termination fee of $1,140,000 if, among other
things:

 

Sybase terminates the merger agreement as a
    result of a triggering event, as described above;

 

the fiduciary duties of our board of directors
    requires us to terminate the merger agreement in connection with
    our entering into a definitive agreement related to an
    acquisition proposal which qualifies as a superior offer;

 

Sybase terminates the merger agreement because
    either the effective time has not occurred before April 19,
    2003 or we failed to obtain the required approval of our
    stockholders, and any of the following occurs:

      

a third party has announced an acquisition
    proposal and has not publicly withdrawn the acquisition proposal
    at least five (5) business days prior to the earlier of
    April 19, 2003 or the meeting of our stockholders to vote
    on the merger, as may be applicable, and within twelve (12)
    months following the termination of our merger agreement with
    Sybase, an acquisition of us is completed; or

      

a third party has announced an acquisition
    proposal and has not publicly withdrawn the acquisition proposal
    at least five (5) business days prior to the earlier of
    April 19, 2003 or the meeting of our stockholders to vote
    on the merger, as may be applicable, and within twelve (12)
    months following the termination of our merger agreement with
    Sybase, we enter into a letter of intent or similar document or
    contract that provides for any acquisition of us.

In addition to the termination fees described
above, in the event Sybase terminates the merger agreement in
connection with the breach of our representation and warranty
that we have performed or complied in all material respects with
all agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement,
and prior to such termination, we have received, or a third
party has announced, an acquisition proposal and our breach is
intended to or has the effect of facilitating such acquisition
proposal or benefiting the person or entity making such
acquisition proposal without similarly benefiting Sybase, we
will be required to pay Sybase an amount equal to the
out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Sybase and Seurat
Acquisition Corporation in connection with the negotiation,
execution and delivery of the merger agreement to which this
proxy solicitation relates, provided, however, that we are not
required to pay Sybase expenses in excess of $500,000.

See The Merger Agreement and Voting
Agreements  The Merger Agreement 
Termination Fee.

Voting Agreements

Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of
the merger agreement, all of our executive officers, directors
and certain of our affiliates, who beneficially own
approximately 21.6% of our outstanding shares as of
December 19, 2002, entered into individual voting
agreements with Sybase. As of the record date, excluding options
to purchase shares of our common stock exercisable within
60 days of the record date, such persons hold approximately
[     ]% of the shares entitled to vote
at the special meeting. Pursuant to the voting agreements, these
stockholders have agreed to vote their shares, and have granted
Sybase an irrevocable proxy to vote their shares, of our capital
stock in favor of approval of the merger and adoption of the
merger agreement, and against any proposal adverse to the merger.

See The Merger Agreement and Voting
Agreements  The Merger Agreement  The
Voting Agreements.

Accounting Treatment

The merger will be accounted for as a
purchase transaction for financial accounting
purposes. See The Merger  Accounting
Treatment.



Appraisal and Dissenters
Rights

Subject to compliance with the procedures set
forth in Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporations
Law (DGCL) or, if applicable, Chapter 13 of the
California General Corporation Law (the California
Code), holders of record of our common stock who do not
vote in favor of the approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger and otherwise comply with the
requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL or, if applicable,
Chapter 13 of the California Code, are entitled to
appraisal rights, or dissenters rights, as the case may
be, in connection with the merger, whereby such stockholders may
receive the fair value of their shares in cash,
exclusive of any element of value arising from the expectation
or accomplishment of the merger. Failure to take any of the
steps required under Section 262 of the DGCL, or, if
applicable, Chapter 13 of the California Code, on a timely
basis may result in a loss of those appraisal rights, or
dissenters rights, as the case may be. These procedures
are described in this proxy statement. The provisions of
Delaware law that grant appraisal rights and govern such
procedures are attached as Annex B, and the provisions of
California law that grant dissenters rights and govern
such procedures are attached as Annex C. These rights are
discussed more fully under the section entitled The
Merger  Appraisal and Dissenters Rights.

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

Our common stock is currently listed on the
Nasdaq Small Cap Market under the symbol AVGO. Our
stock moved from the Nasdaq National Market to the Nasdaq Small
Cap Market on September 12, 2002, because it was no longer
in compliance with the listing requirements of the Nasdaq
National Market. This table shows, for the periods indicated,
the range of high and low bids for our common stock as quoted on
the Nasdaq Small Cap Market and, prior to September 12,
2002, the Nasdaq National Market.

AvantGo

Common Stock

Low

High

Year ended December 31, 2001

First Quarter

$

1.75

$

10.00

Second Quarter

$

1.10

$

3.60

Third Quarter

$

1.00

$

3.48

Fourth Quarter

$

0.90

$

1.95

Year Ended December 31, 2002

First Quarter

$

1.14

$

2.28

Second Quarter

$

0.45

$

1.25

Third Quarter

$

0.36

$

0.64

Fourth Quarter

$

0.30

$

0.98

The following table sets forth the closing per
share sales price of our common stock, as reported on The Nasdaq
SmallCap Market on December 19, 2002, the last full trading
day before the public announcement of the proposed merger, and
on [Month]      , 2003, the latest
practicable trading day before the printing of this proxy
statement:

AvantGo Common Stock

Closing Price

December 19, 2002

$

.53

[Month]   , 2003

$

[0

.  ]

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on
our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings for
use in our business. Following the merger there will be no
further market for our common stock.



THE SPECIAL MEETING

We are furnishing this proxy statement to our
stockholders as part of the solicitation of proxies by our board
of directors for use at the special meeting.

Date, Time and Place

We will hold the special meeting at our
headquarters located at 25881 Industrial Blvd., Hayward,
California 94545 at 10:00 a.m., local time, on [Day],
[Month]      , 2003.

Purpose of Special Meeting

At the special meeting, we will ask holders of
our common stock to adopt and approve the merger agreement and
approve the merger. Our board of directors has unanimously
determined that the merger is advisable and fair to, and in the
best interests of, AvantGo and our stockholders, approved the
merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, and declared that it is in
the best interests of AvantGos stockholders that you adopt
and approve the merger agreement and approve the merger on the
terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement. 
The
board of directors of AvantGo unanimously recommends that
AvantGos stockholders vote FOR adoption and approval of
the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote;
Quorum

Only holders of record of our common stock at the
close of business on
[Month]      , 2003, the record
date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special
meeting. On the record date, approximately

[                    ]

shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and
held by approximately

[                    ]

holders of record. A quorum is present at the special meeting if
a majority of the shares of our common stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote on the record date are
represented in person or by proxy. In the event that a quorum is
not present at the special meeting, it is expected that the
meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit additional
proxies. Holders of record of our common stock on the record
date are entitled to one vote per share at the special meeting
on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Votes Required

The adoption of the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of
our common stock outstanding on the record date. If a holder of
our common stock abstains from voting or does not vote, either
in person or by proxy, it will effectively count as a vote
against the adoption of the merger agreement.

Voting by AvantGos Directors, Executive
Officers and Certain Stockholders

Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of
the merger agreement, all of our executive officers, directors
and their affiliates, who beneficially owned approximately 21.6%
of our outstanding shares as of December 19, 2002, entered
into individual voting agreements with Sybase. As of the record
date, excluding options to purchase shares of our common stock
exercisable within 60 days of the record date, such persons
hold approximately [     ]% of the
shares entitled to vote at the special meeting. Pursuant to the
voting agreements, these stockholders have agreed to vote their
shares, and have granted Sybase an irrevocable proxy to vote
their shares, of our capital stock in favor of approval of the
merger and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger, and against any proposal adverse to the merger.

Voting of Proxies

All shares represented by properly executed
proxies received in time for the special meeting will be voted
at the special meeting in the manner specified by the holders.
Properly executed proxies that do not contain voting
instructions will be voted FOR the adoption of the merger
agreement.



Shares of our common stock represented at the
special meeting but not voting, including shares of our common
stock for which proxies have been received but for which
stockholders have abstained, will be treated as present at the
special meeting for purposes of determining the presence or
absence of a quorum for the transaction of all business.

Only shares affirmatively voted for the adoption
of the merger agreement, including properly executed proxies
that do not contain voting instructions, will be counted as
favorable votes for that proposal. If a holder of our common
stock abstains from voting or does not execute a proxy, it will
effectively count as a vote against the adoption of the merger
agreement. Brokers who hold shares of our common stock in street
name for customers who are the beneficial owners of such shares
may not give a proxy to vote those customers shares in the
absence of specific instructions from those customers. These
non-voted shares will effectively count as votes against the
adoption of the merger agreement.

The persons named as proxies by a stockholder may
propose and vote for one or more adjournments of the special
meeting, including adjournments to permit further solicitations
of proxies.

We do not expect that any matter other than the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement will be brought before
the special meeting. If, however, our board of directors
properly presents other matters, the persons named as proxies
will vote in accordance with their judgment as to matters that
they believe to be in the best interests of the stockholders.

Revocability of Proxies

The grant of a proxy on the enclosed form of
proxy does not preclude a stockholder from voting in person at
the special meeting. A stockholder may revoke a proxy at any
time prior to its exercise by:

 

filing with our Secretary a duly executed
    revocation of proxy;

 

submitting a duly executed proxy to our Secretary
    bearing a later date; or

 

appearing at the special meeting and voting in
    person; however, attendance at the special meeting will not in
    and of itself constitute revocation of a proxy.

If you have instructed your broker to vote your
shares, you must follow directions received from your broker to
change these instructions.

Solicitation of Proxies

All costs of solicitation of proxies will be
borne by us. We have retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to aid in
the solicitation of proxies and to verify records relating to
the solicitation. MacKenzie Partners will receive customary fees
and expense reimbursement for these services. In addition, the
directors and officers and employees of AvantGo may, without
additional compensation, solicit proxies for stockholders by
mail, telephone, facsimile, or in person. However, you should be
aware that certain members of our board of directors and our
executive officers have interests in the merger that are
different from, or in addition to, yours. See The
Merger  Interests of AvantGos Directors and
Management in the Merger.

The extent to which these proxy soliciting
efforts will be necessary depends entirely upon how promptly
proxies are received. You should send in your proxy by mail
without delay. We also reimburse brokers and other custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries for their expenses in sending these
materials to you and getting your voting instructions.

Stockholders should not send stock certificates
with their proxies. A letter of transmittal with instructions
for the surrender of our common stock certificates will be
mailed to our stockholders as soon as practicable after
completion of the merger.



THE COMPANIES

AvantGo

We are a leading provider of mobile enterprise
software and services that power the mobile economy 
delivering any time, anywhere information access to enterprises
and individual using mobile devices. We deliver mobile customer
relationship management (CRM) solutions that unlock the return
on investment of popular CRM systems by driving adoption, and
mobile data collection solutions that improve field productivity
and data accuracy.

We designed our AvantGo M-Business Server
products and mobile business applications to automate business
processes and improve the exchange of information between
companies and their employees and customers, resulting in
improved business efficiencies and more effective customer
interactions. We license our AvantGo M-Business Server products
and mobile business applications to help companies provide their
employees, customers, suppliers and business affiliates with
easy access to business information. We host our My AvantGo
service to enable our Media and M-Business customers to deliver
their content and applications to our over 7.0 million
registered My AvantGo users. Our My AvantGo service also allows
consumers to access and interact with over 2,000 sources of
Internet-based content and corporate applications optimized for
delivery to handheld devices and Internet-enabled phones. In
July 2002, we announced that we will heighten our focus on
applications and solutions targeted to field force professionals.

We were incorporated in Delaware in June 1997.
Our principal executive offices are located at 25881 Industrial
Boulevard, Hayward, California 94545, and our telephone number
is (510) 259-4000. Additional information regarding us is
contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. See Where You Can Find More Information.

Sybase

Sybase makes software that integrates platforms,
databases and applications. Sybases products and services
include enterprise portal solutions, mobile and wireless
solutions, and solutions in such vertical markets as financial
services, telecommunications, the public sector, and healthcare.
Sybases customers are primarily Fortune 1000 companies in
North America and their equivalents in other geographic regions.
Sybase was founded and incorporated in California on
November 15, 1984, and re-incorporated in Delaware on
July 1, 1991. Sybase recently reorganized its operations
into three main divisions and subsidiaries.

 

Infrastructure Platform Group

(IPG) products and solutions let
    enterprises integrate, move and manage very large amounts of
    data and applications across diverse computing environments. IPG
    includes the products and functions of Sybases former
    Enterprise Solutions (ESD), e-Business (EBD) and Business
    Intelligence (BI) divisions.

 

iAnywhere Solutions, Inc.

(IAS) products and solutions extend
    enterprise systems to remote and wireless devices to enable
    e-business and m-business (mobile business) anywhere, anytime.

 

Financial Fusion, Inc.

(FFI) e-finance solutions and its
    global service and support network enable financial institutions
    to integrate financial services, channels, platforms,
    technologies and applications for delivery to capital markets
    and retail clients.

Sybases principal executive offices are
located at One Sybase Drive, Dublin, California 94568 and its
telephone number is (925) 236-5000. Additional information
regarding Sybase is contained in Sybases filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. See Where You Can Find
More Information.

Sybase Merger Subsidiary

Seurat Acquisition Corporation is a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Sybase. Seurat
Acquisition Corporation was organized solely for the purpose of
functioning as an acquisition vehicle and has not conducted any
business operations.



THE MERGER

The following discussion summarizes the material
terms of the merger. Stockholders should read the merger
agreement, which is attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement.

Background to the Merger

At the January 2002 meeting of our board of
directors, the board reviewed our results of operations for the
fiscal year ended 2001 and our anticipated performance for
fiscal year 2002. As a result of such review, and taking into
account the difficult economic environment, the board determined
that, in order to keep all of our options open, we should both
(i) continue to explore potential strategic relationships
with long-standing business partners in order to capitalize on
business opportunities relating to co-marketing and technology
licensing and (ii) consider any unsolicited expressions of
interest by companies who may desire to take an equity position
in, or acquire or merge with, AvantGo.

We have worked with Sybase for a number of years.
The relationship has included the servicing of mutual customers
using our software and Sybases products. During the first
quarter of 2002, we were introduced to Sybases iAnywhere
subsidiary through a mutual customer who had developed a mobile
CRM solution relying on the iAnywhere database and our software.

At the beginning of March 2002, Mark Westover,
Senior Director of Corporate Development at Sybase, contacted
Felix Lin, our Vice President of Corporate Development at that
time, to discuss the potential for a broader strategic
relationship between the two companies, including a potential
merger. Mr. Lin informed Mr. Westover that before we
would consider entering into merger discussions, we would have
to engage in further discussions with Sybase in order to
determine the extent and significance of Sybases level of
interest.

On March 29, 2002, Mr. Westover and
Marty Beard, Vice President of Corporate Development at Sybase,
met with Mr. Lin to further discuss the possibility of
entering into merger discussions. Sybase began requesting
further information from us, and we entered into a nondisclosure
agreement with Sybase on April 30, 2002 covering the
information about us provided to them in connection with their
inquiries.

On May 1, 2002, Mr. Beard sent to
Richard Owen, our Chief Executive Officer at the time, a draft
non-binding letter of intent accompanied by a summary of certain
terms outlining a potential business combination between us and
Sybase, which terms were explicitly subject to change based on
the result of Sybases due diligence inquiries.

At a special meeting of our board held on
May 16, 2002, the board reviewed and discussed the proposal
from Sybase with our legal counsel and established a mergers and
acquisitions committee of the board to consider and evaluate
further the proposal as well as any future potential
transactions.

On May 24, 2002 John Chen, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Sybase, met with Mr. Owen to
discuss the proposal. Mr. Owen reported the results of the
May 24, 2002 meeting to the mergers and acquisitions
committee. At a meeting of the mergers and acquisitions
committee of the board of directors held on June 5, 2002,
the committee determined that the matter should be brought to
the attention of the entire board for discussion, following a
presentation by management regarding our prospects as a
stand-alone corporation and relevant criteria required to
attract and engage a strategic partner.

From July 2002 through October 2002, our board of
directors had numerous discussions about our strategic position
and strategy, including discussions about our relationships with
our existing business partners. We were contacted by several
smaller companies about possible business combinations or
acquisitions of such companies by AvantGo. We explored strategic
alternatives with several of these companies and considered the
benefits of acquiring one or more smaller companies to increase
our product offerings and customer base by leveraging our own
technology, sales force and resources to increase the sales and
profitability of the combined entity. In addition, we were
contacted by a similarly sized competitor of AvantGo about the
possibility of combining the two companies to create a stronger
company and a more compelling suite of product offerings. After
preliminary discussions, our board concluded that a merger at
that time with such competitor was not in our best interests.
While our board believed that some benefits might accrue from



the acquisition or combination with one or more
companies of similar or smaller size, these benefits were offset
by significant risks associated with the integration of such
companies into AvantGo. In addition, the benefits to
stockholders from merging with a similarly sized entity did not
appear as attractive as those associated with the acquisition of
AvantGo by a larger company with greater financial resources,
such as Sybase.

From July 2002 through October 2002, we had
further discussions and meetings with several parties as well as
Sybase regarding a possible acquisition of AvantGo. On
September 13, 2002, one of our customers expressed a
written interest in acquiring us. Members of the board and
management discussed the expression of interest internally
during the weeks of September 16, 2002, September 23,
2002 and September 30, 2002. On October 11, 2002, we
received from Sybase a revised draft non-binding letter of
intent accompanied by a summary of certain terms outlining a
potential business combination between us and Sybase, which
terms were explicitly subject to change based on the result of
Sybases due diligence inquiries. Over the next several
weeks the board considered the proposals received from Sybase
and our customer and met with several investment banks to
consider our strategic alternatives. In light of such proposals,
the board determined that it wanted to have a full review of our
business prospects and strategic alternatives, including the
feasibility of AvantGo continuing as an independent entity.

On October 16, 2002, the board hired a new
President and Chief Executive Officer, David Pratt, to help it
evaluate our future potential and to recommend a course of
action. At a board meeting held on October 17, 2002, the
board reviewed our financial results for the third quarter of
2002 and various scenarios for the balance of 2002 through 2003.

On October 28, 2002, we also hired a
financial advisor, Alliant Partners, to assist our board in
evaluating our strategic alternatives. Alliant Partners
thereafter contacted several companies to elicit indications of
interest in acquiring AvantGo.

Also on October 28, 2002, our board of
directors met with representatives of Alliant Partners and our
newly-hired legal counsel, Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich.
Representatives of Alliant Partners reviewed the status of its
inquiries with other potential acquirors of AvantGo, and
provided an update with respect to merger negotiations with our
existing customer. Our board determined to proceed with
negotiations with Sybase and discontinue merger negotiations
with our customer. Representatives of Gray Cary updated our
board of directors on the status of negotiations with Sybase
regarding the non-binding summary of terms, including the
proposed terms related to restrictions on our ability to solicit
alternative transactions following execution of an exclusivity
agreement which Sybase would require us to enter into in order
to continue merger discussions, and execution of a definitive
agreement, and the proposed terms related to our board of
directors fiduciary obligations, and further reviewed our
directors fiduciary duties in light of those terms.
Representatives of Alliant Partners then reviewed certain
financial analyses with our board of directors, including
analyses relating to our recent trading performance and analyses
relating to the proposed transaction at the range of prices
being discussed by Sybase and us. Our board determined to
proceed with negotiations with Sybase at the October 28,
2002 meeting. During the week of October 28, 2002,
representatives of AvantGo and Sybase negotiated the proposed
summary of terms and an exclusivity agreement, and on
November 1, 2002, we entered into an exclusivity agreement
with Sybase for a period of 20 business days (with
automatic 10 business day extensions unless otherwise
terminated by Sybase or us).

During the week of November 4, 2002,
Messrs. Westover and Beard, Mr. Terry Stepien,
President of Sybases iAnywhere subsidiary, and Suhas
Joshi, a corporate development analyst of Sybase met in due
diligence sessions with Mr. Pratt, Mr. Lin and David
Cooper, our Chief Financial Officer. On November 5, 2002,
representatives of Sybase and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, Professional Corporation, Sybases legal counsel,
met at Gray Carys offices in Palo Alto, California and
began conducting a documentary due diligence review of us.

During the week of November 11, 2002,
representatives of Sybase continued their diligence review of us
and continued to meet in due diligence sessions with our
management team. On November 15, 2002, Wilson Sonsini
delivered a draft of the merger agreement to us and our
representatives.



During the week of November 18, 2002, we
reviewed and discussed internally with our representatives the
draft merger agreement. On November 22, 2002, our board of
directors met telephonically with representatives of Alliant
Partners and Gray Cary. Mr. Cooper updated our board on the
status of Sybases due diligence review of AvantGo, and a
representative of Gray Cary provided our board of directors with
a summary of the merger agreement.

During the weeks of November 25, 2002,
December 2, 2002 and December 9, 2002, our
representatives continued to negotiate the terms of the merger
agreement with representatives of Sybase, and representatives of
Sybase continued their diligence review of us.

On December 9, 2002, our board of directors
met telephonically with representatives of Alliant Partners and
Gray Cary. Mr. Pratt updated our board of directors on the
status of negotiations with Sybase, and a representative of Gray
Cary updated our board of directors on the status of negotiation
of the definitive merger agreement. Our board of directors
authorized management and our advisors to continue negotiations
with Sybase.

On December 11, 2002, we met with Sybase at
their headquarters for an all hands meeting where attorneys and
investment bankers representing both AvantGo and Sybase were
present. The parties continued to negotiate the outstanding
issues relating to the merger agreement.

On December 12, 2002, our board of directors
met telephonically with representatives of Alliant Partners and
Gray Cary. Mr. Pratt updated our board of directors on the
status of negotiations with Sybase, and a representative of Gray
Cary updated our board of directors on the status of negotiation
of the definitive merger agreement. Messrs. Pratt and
Cooper provided to our board a presentation of the alternatives
available to AvantGo, including the feasibility of AvantGo as an
independent entity. Our board determined that it was in the best
interests of AvantGo to proceed with merger discussions with
Sybase.

During the week of December 16, 2002, our
representatives had numerous calls with representatives of
Sybase to negotiate and resolve the remaining open issues under
the merger agreement, and representatives of Sybase continued
their diligence review of us. On December 18, 2002, our
board of directors met with representatives of Alliant Partners
and Gray Cary. Representatives of Gray Cary summarized the terms
of the merger agreement, and focused on the resolution of final
issues related to the agreement. A representative of Alliant
Partners then reviewed with our board of directors its financial
analyses with respect to the proposed transaction. Following its
presentation, Alliant Partners delivered its oral and written
opinions to our board of directors to the effect that, as of
December 18, 2002, and based upon and subject to the
factors and assumptions set forth in its written opinion, the
$1.0294797 per share in cash to be received by holders of our
common stock pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a
financial point of view to those holders. See The
Merger  Opinion of Alliant Partners. After
extensive discussion and deliberation, our board of directors
unanimously (1) approved and declared the merger, the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement advisable, (2) declared that it is fair and in
the best interests of our stockholders that we enter into the
merger agreement and consummate the merger on the terms and
conditions set forth in the merger agreement, (3) resolved
to recommend that our stockholders approve the merger and
approve and adopt the merger agreement, and (4) authorized
execution of the merger agreement.

After the close of business on December 19,
2002, the parties executed the merger agreement. The parties
issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the
merger agreement on December 20, 2002.

Reasons for the Merger and Board of
Directors Recommendation

Reasons for the
Merger.
 In the course of reaching its
decision to approve and adopt the merger and the merger
agreement, our board of directors consulted with our senior
management, legal counsel and financial advisor, reviewed a
significant amount of information and considered a number of
factors, including, among others, the following factors:

 

our current and historical financial condition
    and our results of operations as a stand-alone company, our
    prospects and strategic objectives, the risks involved in
    achieving those prospects and objectives, the software industry
    as a whole, and the current and anticipated worldwide economic
    environment;



 

the possible alternatives to the merger
    (including the possibility of continuing to operate as an
    independent entity, and the perceived risks thereof), the range
    of possible benefits to our stockholders of such alternatives
    and the timing and the likelihood of accomplishing the goal of
    any of such alternatives, and our board of directors
    assessment that the merger with Sybase presented a superior
    opportunity to such alternatives;

 

the then current financial market conditions, and
    historical market prices, volatility and trading information
    with respect to our common stock; and

 

other historical information concerning our
    business, prospects, financial performance and condition,
    operations, technology, management and competitive position.

In the course of its deliberations, our board of
directors also considered, among other things, the following
positive factors:

 

the value of the consideration to be received by
    our stockholders in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement;

 

the fact that the $1.0294797 per share to be paid
    as the consideration in the merger represents a premium of
    approximately $0.38, or 58.38% over the trailing average closing
    sales prices for our common stock as reported on Nasdaq for the
    one month ended December 17, 2002, of $0.65 per share, a
    premium of approximately $0.41, or 66.05% over the trailing
    average closing sales prices for our common stock as reported on
    Nasdaq for the one week ended December 17, 2002, of $0.62
    per share, and a premium of approximately $0.43, or 71.58% over
    the $0.60 closing sale price for our common stock as reported on
    Nasdaq on December 17, 2002, the trading day prior to the
    boards approval of the merger agreement;

 

the financial presentation and written opinion of
    Alliant Partners to our board of directors to the effect that,
    as of December 18, 2002, and based upon and subject to the
    factors and assumptions set forth in the written opinion, the
    $1.0294797 per share in cash to be received by holders of our
    common stock pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a
    financial point of view to those holders (the full text of this
    opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, procedures
    followed, matters considered and limitations on the review
    undertaken by Alliant Partners in connection with the opinion,
    is attached as Annex D to this proxy statement);

 

the likelihood that the proposed acquisition
    would be consummated, in light of the experience, reputation and
    financial capabilities of Sybase;

 

the terms of the merger agreement and related
    documents, including the parties representations,
    warranties and covenants, and the conditions to their respective
    obligations; and

 

the fact that pursuant to the merger agreement,
    we are not prohibited from responding (at any time prior to our
    stockholders approval and adoption of the merger agreement
    with Sybase) in the manner provided in the merger agreement to
    certain takeover proposals that our board of directors
    determines in good faith constitute a superior offer, and, upon
    payment of a predetermined termination fee, we may terminate the
    merger agreement under certain circumstances to enter into a
    superior offer.

In the course of its deliberations, our board of
directors also considered, among other things, the following
negative factors:

 

risks and contingencies related to the
    announcement and pendency of the merger, the possibility that
    the merger will not be consummated and the potential negative
    effect of public announcement of the merger in that event on our
    sales, operating results and stock price and our ability to
    retain key management and personnel;

 

that our stockholders would not benefit from any
    potential future increase in our value;

 

the conditions to Sybases obligation to
    complete the merger and the right of Sybase to terminate the
    merger agreement under certain circumstances; and



 

the interests that certain of our directors and
    executive officers may have with respect to the merger in
    addition to their interests as stockholders of AvantGo
    generally, as described in The Merger 
    Interests of AvantGos Directors and Management in the
    Merger.

The preceding discussion of the information and
factors considered by our board of directors is not, and is not
intended to be, exhaustive. In light of the variety of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger and
the complexity of these matters, our board of directors did not
find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
attempt to assign relative weights to the various factors
considered in reaching its determination. In addition, our board
of directors did not undertake to make any specific
determination as to whether any particular factor, or any aspect
of any particular factor, was favorable or unfavorable to the
ultimate determination of our board of directors, but rather,
our board of directors conducted an overall analysis of the
factors described above, including discussions with and
questioning of our senior management and legal and financial
advisors.

Board of Directors
Recommendation.
 After careful
consideration, our board of directors has unanimously determined
that the merger is advisable and fair to, and in the best
interests of, AvantGo and our stockholders, approved the merger
agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement, and declared that it is in the best
interests of AvantGos stockholders that you adopt and
approve the merger agreement and approve the merger on the terms
and conditions set forth in the merger agreement.

Accordingly, the board of directors of AvantGo unanimously
recommends that you vote FOR adoption and approval of the merger
agreement and approval of the merger.

Opinion of AvantGos Financial
Advisor

In addition to the other services performed by
Alliant Partners for us described elsewhere in this proxy
statement, we retained Alliant Partners to render an opinion
regarding the fairness of the proposed merger between AvantGo
and a subsidiary of Sybase, from a financial point of view, to
the stockholders of AvantGo.

On December 18, 2002, Alliant Partners
delivered to our board of directors its opinion that, as of
December 18, 2002, and based on the matters described in
the opinion, the total consideration to be received by AvantGo
stockholders in connection with the proposed merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of AvantGo.
No limitations were imposed by AvantGo on the scope of Alliant
Partners investigations or the procedures to be followed
by Alliant Partners in rendering its fairness opinion.

The full text of the fairness opinion letter,
which sets forth, among other things, assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken by Alliant
Partners in connection with the opinion is attached to this
proxy statement as Annex D. Stockholders of AvantGo are
urged to read Alliant Partners fairness opinion letter in
its entirety. The fairness opinion was prepared for the benefit
and use of our board of directors in its consideration of the
merger and does not constitute a recommendation to stockholders
of AvantGo as to how they should vote in connection with the
merger. The fairness opinion does not address the relative
merits of the merger or any other transactions or business
strategies discussed by the AvantGo board of directors as
alternatives to the merger agreement or the underlying business
decision of our board of directors to proceed with or effect the
merger, except with respect to the fairness of the total
consideration to be received by AvantGo stockholders from a
financial point of view. The summary of Alliant Partners
fairness opinion set forth in this proxy statement is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of Alliant
Partners fairness opinion letter.

In connection with the preparation of Alliant
Partners fairness opinion, Alliant Partners, among other
things:

 

reviewed the terms of the merger agreement;

 

reviewed financial statements and other financial
    and operating data concerning AvantGo prepared by our management;

 

compared some aspects of the financial
    performance of AvantGo with comparable public companies and the
    prices paid for securities in those publicly traded companies;



 

analyzed available public information concerning
    other mergers and acquisitions comparable in whole or in part to
    the merger;

 

assessed AvantGos value using a discounted
    cash flow analysis of projected future cash flows; and

 

participated in discussions with our management
    concerning the operations, business strategy, financial
    performance and prospects for AvantGo as well as the strategic
    objectives of the merger.

In conducting its review and arriving at its
fairness opinion, Alliant Partners relied on and assumed the
accuracy and completeness of the financial statements and other
information provided by us or otherwise made available to
Alliant Partners and did not assume independent responsibility
to verify the information. Alliant Partners further relied on
the assurances of our management that the information provided
was prepared on a reasonable basis in accordance with industry
practice, and with respect to financial planning data, reflected
the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments
of our management as to the expected future financial
performance of AvantGo and that our management was not aware of
any information or facts that would make the information
provided to Alliant Partners incomplete or misleading.

In arriving at the fairness opinion, Alliant
Partners did not perform any appraisals or valuations of
specific assets or liabilities of AvantGo and was not furnished
with any appraisals or valuations.

Alliant Partners did not undertake any
independent analysis of any pending or threatened litigation,
possible unasserted claims or other contingent liabilities to
which we or any of our respective affiliates were a party or may
be subject. At our direction and with our consent, Alliant
Partners did rely upon certain information provided by us
regarding the possible assertion of claims, outcomes or damages
arising out of those matters relating to pending or threatened
litigation, possible unasserted claims or other contingent
liabilities to which we may be subject in the future. Although
developments following the date of Alliant Partners
fairness opinion may affect the opinion, Alliant Partners
assumed no obligation to update, revise or reaffirm the opinion.

Following is a summary description including all
material sources of information and valuation methodologies
employed by Alliant Partners in conjunction with rendering its
opinion to the AvantGo board of directors.

Comparable Public Company Analysis.

Alliant Partners compared certain
financial information and valuation ratios relating to AvantGo
to corresponding publicly available data and ratios from a group
of selected publicly traded companies deemed comparable to
AvantGo. The comparable companies selected included twelve
publicly traded companies in the business of providing mobile
enterprise software and solutions. Financial information
reviewed by Alliant Partners included each companys:
(a) enterprise value, calculated as the market
capitalization of the selected company, plus the companys
long term debt, less the companys excess cash;
(b) trailing twelve months, or TTM, revenue as reported as
of the date of Alliant Partners fairness opinion;
(c) TTM pro forma operating income; (d) revenue for
calendar year 2001; (e) projected calendar year revenue
estimates for 2002 and 2003; and (f) most recently
available headcount figures. Comparable companies included:
724 Solutions Inc; Aether Systems Inc.; AT Road Inc.;
Captaris Inc.; Extended Systems Inc.; GoAmerica Inc.; InfoSpace
Inc.; Openwave Systems Inc.; Pumatech Inc.; Research In Motion
Ltd.; TeleCommunication Systems Inc.; and webMethods Inc.

Some adjustments for differences in performance,
marketability, size and application of an acquisition control
premium were made to the valuation multiples before reaching an
implied weighted average enterprise value of $13.7 million
for AvantGo through this methodology.

Comparable Transaction Analysis.

Alliant Partners reviewed seven
comparable merger and acquisition transactions from January 2001
through May 2002 involving sellers that share certain
characteristics with AvantGo, including companies in the
business of providing mobile enterprise software and solutions.
Those comparable merger and acquisition transactions of
companies included: Alcatels acquisition of Telera;
OpenWave Systems acquisition of SignalSoft; ECsoft
Groups acquisition of CMG Danmark (subsidiary of CMG);
Active Link Communications acquisition of Mobility
Concepts; America Onlines acquisition of



InfoInteractive; Lightbridges acquisition
of Corsair Communications; and TeleCommunication Systems
acquisition of Xypoint.

Estimated multiples paid in the comparable merger
and acquisition transactions were based on information obtained
from public filings, public company disclosures, press releases,
industry and popular press reports, databases and other sources.
The transaction values were adjusted to account for changes in
each respective acquirors stock price since the
transaction effective date.

Some adjustments for differences in performance
and marketability were made to the valuation multiples before
reaching an implied weighted average enterprise value of
$21.3 million for AvantGo through this methodology.

No company, transaction or business utilized as a
comparison in the comparable public company analysis or the
comparable transaction analysis is identical to AvantGo or the
merger. In evaluating the comparable companies, Alliant Partners
made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of AvantGo. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of
the foregoing is not entirely mathematical; rather it involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that
could affect the acquisition, public trading and other values of
the comparable companies, comparable transactions or the
business segment, companies or transactions to which they are
being compared.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.

Alliant estimated the present value of
the projected future cash flows of AvantGo on a stand-alone
basis based on projections for the years ending
December 31, 2002 through December 31, 2005 and an
appropriate discount rate. Alliant Partners obtained a terminal
valuation based on application of an adjusted projected revenue
multiple to terminal year projected revenue. Based on this
methodology, AvantGo has an implied enterprise value of
$2.5 million.

Valuation Summary.

To reach a value range for the equity
value of AvantGo, Alliant Partners utilized a weighted average
of the value indications implied by the three methodologies of
$12.5 million, weighting each methodology equally. After
making adjustments to account for excess cash on AvantGos
balance sheet expected as of the close of the merger, the
implied equity valuation for AvantGo is $32.2 million, with
a valuation range of $28.9 million to $35.4 million.

Price Premium Analysis.

Alliant Partners reviewed the premium
to be paid by Sybase over the equity valuation for AvantGo as
well as the consideration per share premium to be paid to
AvantGo stockholders over AvantGos stock prices. As of
December 17, 2002, the premium over our equity valuation of
$32.2 million was 22%. As of December 17, 2002, the
premium over our average closing stock price for the previous
twelve months of $0.87 was 19%, and the premium over our stock
price on December 17, 2002 of $0.60 was 72%.

Conclusion. 
While
the foregoing summarizes the analyses and factors that Alliant
Partners deemed material, it is not a comprehensive description
of all analyses and factors considered by Alliant Partners. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that
involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of
these methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore,
such an opinion is not readily susceptible to summary
description. Alliant Partners believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses and of the factors considered by it, without
considering all analyses and factors, would create an incomplete
view of the evaluation process underlying Alliant Partners
fairness opinion. The conclusions reached by Alliant Partners
may involve significant elements of subjective judgment and
qualitative analysis. In performing its analyses, Alliant
Partners considered general economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of AvantGo.

Pursuant to its letter agreement with us, Alliant
Partners will receive a fee for the fairness opinion rendered to
our board of directors in the amount of $150,000. For other
services performed for us described elsewhere in this proxy
statement, Alliant Partners will receive an aggregate fee of
$75,000, plus reimbursement of expenses. We have also agreed to
indemnify and hold harmless Alliant Partners and its affiliates
and



any person, director, employee or agent acting on
behalf of Alliant Partners or any of its affiliates, or any
person controlling Alliant Partners or its affiliates, for
losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities relating to or
arising out of services provided by Alliant Partners as
financial advisor to us. The terms of the fee arrangement with
Alliant Partners, which we and Alliant Partners believe are
customary in transactions of this nature, were negotiated at
arms-length.

Alliant Partners was retained based on Alliant
Partners experience as a financial advisor. As part of its
investment banking business, Alliant Partners is frequently
engaged in the valuation of technology businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, sales
and divestitures, joint ventures and strategic partnerships,
private financings and other specialized studies.

Interests of AvantGos Directors and
Management in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of our board of
directors in favor of the merger, you should be aware that
members of our board of directors and our executive officers
have interests in the merger that are different from, or in
addition to, yours.

All such additional interests are described
below, to the extent material, and except as described below,
such persons have, to our knowledge, no material interest in the
merger apart from those of stockholders generally. Our board of
directors was aware of, and considered the interests of, our
directors and executive officers in approving the merger
agreement and the merger.

Indemnification and Insurance.

The merger agreement provides that
from and after the effective time of the merger, Sybase will and
will cause the surviving corporation, to fulfill and honor the
obligations of AvantGo pursuant to any indemnification
agreements between us and our directors and officers, and any
indemnification provisions under our charter documents in effect
as of the date of the merger agreement. The Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the surviving corporation will
contain provisions with respect to exculpation and
indemnification that are at least as favorable to our directors
and officers as those contained in our charter documents as in
effect on the date of the merger agreement, and such provisions
will not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period
of six (6) years from the effective time of the merger in a
manner adverse to such directors and officers unless required by
applicable law. The merger agreement further provides that we
may purchase, for a price not to exceed a stated amount set
forth in the merger agreement, directors and
officers liability tail insurance coverage covering those
persons who were, as of the date of the merger agreement,
covered by our directors and officers liability
insurance policies, on terms comparable to those in effect on
the date of the merger agreement, and covering all periods prior
to the effective time of the merger. In the event we have not
purchased such coverage, Sybase will or will cause the surviving
corporation to purchase the coverage.

Severance Arrangements.

Messrs. Pratt, our current
President and Chief Executive Officer, Cooper, our current Chief
Financial Officer, Cochran, our current General Counsel and
Secretary, and Treadway, our current Vice President of Products,
will not continue employment with us or Sybase following the
merger. In connection with their termination of employment, each
will be entitled to severance benefits pursuant to their
existing employment or retention agreements with us.

For Mr. Pratt, this includes:

 

a severance payment of $30,000 plus any amount by
    which his total cash compensation from us earned through the
    time of termination is less than $100,000; and

 

the acceleration of vesting immediately prior to
    the effective time of the merger of all unvested stock options
    held by him.

For Messrs. Cooper and Cochran, these
benefits include:

 

a severance payment equal to twelve months of the
    employees base salary at the then current rate of pay;



 

the acceleration of vesting immediately prior to
    the effective time of the merger of all unvested stock options
    and restricted stock held by them;

 

payment of COBRA insurance coverage for a six
    month term; and

 

an amount equal to the last quarters
    performance bonus amount (in addition to any such amount that
    has been earned but not yet paid).

For Messr. Treadway, these benefits include:

 

a severance payment equal to six months of his
    base salary at the then current rate of pay;

 

the acceleration of vesting immediately prior to
    the effective time of the merger of all unvested stock options
    and restricted stock held by him;

 

payment of COBRA insurance coverage for the six
    month term; and

 

an amount equal to the last quarters
    performance bonus amount (in addition to any such amount that
    has been earned but not yet paid).

Robert Johnson, our Vice President of Worldwide
Sales and Client Services, is currently discussing with Sybase
as to whether he will continue with Sybase following the merger.
Under Mr. Johnsons current retention agreement with
us, in the event he becomes an employee Sybase, he will be
entitled to accelerated vesting immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger of all unvested stock options and
restricted stock of AvantGo held by him. However, under certain
circumstances, if Mr. Johnson is not employed by Sybase, he
will be entitled to the following severance benefits:

 

a severance payment equal to six months of his
    base salary at the then current rate of pay;

 

the acceleration of vesting immediately prior to
    the effective time of the merger of all unvested stock options
    and restricted stock held by him;

 

payment of COBRA insurance coverage for a six
    month term; and

 

an amount equal to the last quarters
    performance bonus amount (in addition to any such amount that
    has been earned but not yet paid).

Employment Offers.

Concurrent with the signing of the
merger agreement, Messrs. Thomas Whittaker, our Chief
Technology Officer and Vice President of Engineering, and Neil
Versen, our Vice President of Sales for the My AvantGo business,
accepted offers of employment with iAnywhere Solutions, a
subsidiary of Sybase, to become employees of iAnywhere Solutions
upon completion of the merger. In connection with their
employment, Messrs. Whittaker and Versen will be entitled
to receive customary employee benefits, including options to
purchase shares of Sybase common stock and iAnywhere Solutions
common stock, and certain retention incentives. In addition,
pursuant to their current retention agreement with us,
Messrs. Whittaker and Versen are entitled to accelerated
vesting immediately prior to the effective time of the merger of
all unvested stock options and restricted stock of AvantGo held
by them.

Outstanding Promissory Notes.

Messrs. Cooper, our current Chief
Financial Officer, and Cochran, our current General Counsel and
Secretary, hold promissory notes issued to us in the amounts of
$249,200.00 and $253,125.00, respectively. Under the terms of
the notes, the outstanding principal and interest will be
accelerated and due at the closing of the merger in connection
with the termination of their employment. Sybase has entered
into separate agreements with each of Messrs. Cooper and
Cochran pursuant to which each has agreed to offset against the
amount of principal and interest owed by them under the terms of
the notes, the following: one-half of the cash severance
payments they are entitled to receive (after payment of
applicable taxes); the after-tax proceeds they will receive as a
result of the merger for those shares of our common stock that
will be held by them as a result of the exercise of all their
then outstanding in-the-money stock options; and the after-tax
proceeds which they will receive as a result of the merger for
all other shares of our common stock held by them. Sybase has
agreed, following the merger, to allow for payment of the
remaining outstanding principal and interest under such notes in
equal monthly installments commencing on March 20, 2003,
with the last monthly installments to be made on
January 20, 2005 and August 20, 2005 for



Mr. Cochran and Mr. Cooper,
respectively. Neither Mr. Cooper nor Mr. Cochran will be an
employee of Sybase following the merger.

Appraisal and Dissenters
Rights

If the merger is consummated, our stockholders
who choose not to vote in favor of the merger will have the
right to elect an appraisal of the fair market value of their
shares of our common stock, and to receive the fair market value
of such shares in lieu of the consideration contemplated by the
merger and the merger agreement, in accordance with the
provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL.

Section 2115 of the California Code makes
certain portions of the California Code applicable, with limited
exceptions, to a foreign corporation with more than half of its
business conducted in the state, irrespective of the
corporations state of incorporation. We may be subject to
Section 2115 of the California Code. Section 2115
invokes the application of Chapter 13 of the California
Code to the merger with respect to our stockholders who elect to
exercise dissenters rights. Therefore, dissenters
rights under California law may also be applicable to our
stockholders. Stockholders who properly perfect appraisal rights
or dissenters rights and who do not subsequently withdraw
such appraisal rights or dissenters rights (the
Electing Stockholders) will not be entitled to
surrender their shares of our common stock for payment in the
manner otherwise provided in the merger agreement and described
in this proxy statement.

THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS UNDER
DELAWARE LAW AND DISSENTERS RIGHTS UNDER CALIFORNIA LAW IS
QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE RELEVANT CODE
SECTIONS OF SUCH STATES, WHICH ARE ATTACHED HERETO AS

ANNEX B
 AND 
ANNEX C
.

FAILURE TO STRICTLY FOLLOW THE PROCEDURES SET
FORTH IN SUCH CODE SECTIONS MAY RESULT IN THE LOSS, TERMINATION
OR WAIVER OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS OR, IF APPLICABLE,
DISSENTERS RIGHTS. AVANTGO STOCKHOLDERS WHO VOTE TO
APPROVE AND ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT WILL NOT HAVE A RIGHT TO
HAVE THEIR SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK APPRAISED. A STOCKHOLDER
WHO DESIRES TO EXERCISE HIS, HER OR ITS APPRAISAL RIGHTS OR, IF
APPLICABLE, DISSENTERS RIGHTS MUST ALSO SUBMIT A WRITTEN
DEMAND FOR PAYMENT OF THE FAIR VALUE OF OUR COMMON STOCK HELD BY
HIM OR HER TO US.

AvantGo stockholders considering seeking
appraisal rights under Delaware law or dissenters rights
under California law should note that they could receive a value
for their shares that is more, the same or less than the
consideration they would receive pursuant to the merger
agreement if they did not seek appraisal or, if applicable,
dissenters rights. The costs of the appraisal or dissenter
proceeding may be determined by the court and taxed against the
parties as the court deems equitable under the circumstances.
Upon application of a dissenting stockholder, the court may
order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
dissenting stockholder in connection with the appraisal or
dissenters proceeding, including reasonable
attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be
charged against the value of all shares that are under these
proceedings. The exchange of shares for cash pursuant to the
exercise of appraisal or dissenters rights will be a
taxable transaction for United States federal income tax
purposes and possibly state, local and foreign income tax
purposes as well. See the section entitled The
Merger  Certain United States Federal Income Tax
Matters above. AVANTGO STOCKHOLDERS CONSIDERING EXERCISING
APPRAISAL RIGHTS OR, IF APPLICABLE, DISSENTERS RIGHTS
SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH REGARD TO THE
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH ACTIONS.

At the effective time of the merger, the shares
of our common stock held by an Electing Stockholder will be
canceled, and such stockholder will be entitled to no further
rights except the right to receive payment of the fair value of
such holders shares. However, if the AvantGo stockholder
fails to perfect or withdraws or loses his or her appraisal
rights or, if applicable, dissenters rights with respect
to his or her shares of our common stock, such holders
shares will not be purchased by us as set forth below, and such
holder will receive the applicable merger consideration in
exchange for his or her our common stock under the terms of the
merger agreement.



Appraisal Rights Under Delaware
    Law

Holders of our common stock who demand the
appraisal of such holders shares and who do not vote in
favor of the merger are entitled to certain appraisal rights
under the DGCL in connection with the merger. Such holders who
perfect their appraisal rights and follow the procedures in the
manner prescribed by the DGCL will be entitled to have their
shares converted into the right to receive from us such
consideration as may be determined by the Court of Chancery (the
Court) to be due pursuant to the DGCL. Any
stockholder who wishes to demand appraisal rights, or who wishes
to preserve his or her right to do so, should review this
section carefully, since failure to comply with the procedures
set forth in Section 262 of the DGCL will result in the
loss of such rights.

REFERENCE IS MADE TO SECTION 262 OF THE
DGCL, A COPY OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT AS

ANNEX B
, FOR A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE APPRAISAL RIGHTS
OF DISSENTING STOCKHOLDERS. THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS
QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THAT SECTION.

A demand for appraisal must be executed by or for
the stockholder of record, fully and correctly, as such
stockholders name appears on the share certificate. An
authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint
owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder
of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner and
expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand, he
is acting as agent for the record owner. A person having a
beneficial interest in our common stock held of record in the
name of another person, such as a broker or nominee, must act
promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps
summarized below and in a timely manner to perfect whatever
appraisal rights the beneficial owners may have.

Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal
of his or her shares shall deliver to us, within 20 days
after the date of the mailing of the notice of approval of the
merger, a written demand for appraisal of his, her or its shares
of our common stock. A written demand will be sufficient if it
reasonably informs us of the identity of the stockholder and
that such stockholder intends to demand the appraisal of his,
her or its shares of our common stock. Such written demand
should be delivered to c/o Sybase at One, Sybase Drive, Dublin,
California 94568, Attention: General Counsel.

At any time within 60 days after the
effective date of the merger, any stockholder who has delivered
a written demand to us shall have the right to withdraw such
written demand for appraisal and to accept the terms of the
merger agreement. After this period, a stockholder may withdraw
his, her or its written demand for appraisal and receive payment
for his, her or its shares as provided in the merger agreement
only with our consent.

Within 120 days after the effective time of
the merger (but not thereafter), any stockholder who has
satisfied the requirements of Section 262 may deliver to us
a written demand for a statement listing the aggregate number of
shares not voted in favor of the merger and with respect to
which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate
number of holders of such shares. We, as the surviving
corporation in the merger, must mail such written statement to
the stockholder no later than the later of ten days after the
stockholders request is received by us or ten days after
the latest date for delivery of a demand for appraisal under
Section 262.

Within 120 days after the effective date of
the merger, the surviving corporation or any Electing
Stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights may file a
petition with the Court demanding a determination of the value
of the stock of all such Electing Stockholders. We have no
present intention to file such a petition if demand for
appraisal is made. Note that if no petition is filed within the
allotted time, then the right of the Electing Stockholder to an
appraisal may cease.

At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall
determine the stockholders who are entitled to an appraisal of
their shares and may require the stockholders who have demanded
appraisal to submit their certificates to the Register in
Chancery. Failure to comply may result in a dismissal of the
proceedings as to such stockholder. After determining the
stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court shall appraise
the shares, determining their fair market value exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment



or expectation of the merger, together with a
fair rate of interest, if any. The Court shall direct the
payment of the fair market value of the shares, together with
interest, if any, by the surviving corporation to the
stockholders entitled thereto.

To the extent that there are any inconsistencies
between the foregoing summary and Section 262 of the DGCL,
the DGCL shall control.

Dissenters Rights Under California
    Law

Holders of our common stock who dissent and do
not vote in favor of the merger and who do not pursue their
appraisal rights under the DGCL may be entitled to certain
dissenters rights under the California Code in connection
with the merger. Such holders who perfect their dissenters
rights and follow certain procedures in the manner prescribed by
Chapter 13 of the California Code may be entitled to have
their shares converted into the right to receive from us such
consideration as may be determined to be due pursuant to the
California Code. Any stockholder who wishes to dissent and to
seek the payment in cash of the fair market value of
his, her or its shares, or who wishes to preserve his or her
right to do so, should review this section carefully, since
failure to comply with the procedures set forth in
Chapter 13 of the California Code may result in the loss of
such rights. The term fair market value shall be
determined as of the day before the announcement of the terms of
the proposed merger, excluding any appreciation or depreciation
resulting from the proposed merger, but adjusted for any stock
split, or share dividend that becomes effective thereafter.

REFERENCE IS MADE TO CHAPTER 13 OF THE
CALIFORNIA CODE, A COPY OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT AS 
ANNEX C
, FOR A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF
THE RIGHTS OF DISSENTING STOCKHOLDERS. THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION
IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THAT SECTION.

Within 10 days after the approval of the
merger by the Companys stockholders, we shall mail to each
stockholder who did not consent to the merger a notice of the
approval of the merger. Such notice shall be accompanied by a
copy of Sections 1300-1304 of the California Code, a
statement of the price determined by us to represent the fair
market value of any shares of our common stock which are subject
to dissenters rights (the Statement of Price),
and a brief description of the procedures to be followed if a
stockholder wishes to exercise his or her dissenters
rights under the California Code. The Statement of Price by us
constitutes an offer by us to purchase the dissenting shares at
such price.

Each AvantGo stockholder who elects to exercise
dissenters rights as to the shares held by him, her or it
must, within 30 days after the date on which the notice was
mailed, deliver to us a written demand for the purchase of the
shares of our common stock held by such stockholder. The demand
must be delivered to c/o Sybase at One, Sybase Drive, Dublin,
California 94568, Attention: General Counsel. The demand must
state the number and classes of the shares held by the
stockholder that the stockholder demands that we purchase and
must contain a statement of what the stockholder believes to be
the fair market value of those shares on the day before the
mergers announcement. The statement of fair market value
constitutes an offer by the stockholder to sell such shares at
such price.

Within the 30-day period following the mailing of
the notice of approval of the merger, the Electing Stockholder
must submit to us for endorsement certificates for any shares
that such stockholder demands we purchase. An Electing
Stockholder with uncertificated shares must submit written
notice of the number of such shares that the stockholder demands
that we purchase. If we and the Electing Stockholder agree upon
the price of such shares, the Electing Stockholder is entitled
to the agreed price with interest at the legal rate on judgments
from the date of such agreement. Payment must be made within
30 days of the later of the date of the agreement between
the Electing Stockholder and us or the date the statutory or
contractual conditions to the merger are satisfied.

If we and the Electing Stockholder cannot agree
as to the fair market value or as to the fact that such shares
are shares of our common stock to which dissenters rights
apply, the Electing Stockholder may file within six months of
the date of mailing of the notice of approval of the merger a
complaint with the Superior Court demanding judicial
determination of such matters. We may then be required to make
any payments in



accordance with such judicial determination. If
the complaint is not filed within the specified six-month
period, the Electing Stockholders rights under
Chapter 13 of the California Code will be lost.

Additionally, shares of our common stock lose
their status as shares for which appraisal may be sought under
Chapter 13 of the California Code if, among other things,
(i) we abandon the merger, (ii) the shares are
transferred prior to their submission for endorsement in
accordance with Section 1302 of the California Code or are
surrendered for conversion into shares of another class in
accordance with the articles, (iii) the Electing
Stockholder and we do not agree as to the fair market value of
such shares and a complaint is not filed within six months of
the date the notice of approval was mailed or (iv) the
Electing Stockholder withdraws, with the consent of us, his or
her demand for purchase of such shares.

To the extent that there are any inconsistencies
between the foregoing summary and Chapter 13 of the
California Code, the California Code shall control.

Accounting Treatment

The merger will be accounted for as a
purchase transaction for financial accounting
purposes.

Form of the Merger

Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger
agreement and in accordance with Delaware law, at the effective
time of the merger, Seurat Acquisition Corporation, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Sybase and a party to the merger agreement,
will merge with and into us. We will survive the merger as a
wholly owned Delaware subsidiary of Sybase.

Merger Consideration

At the effective time of the merger, each
outstanding share of our common stock, other than treasury
shares, shares held by Sybase or Seurat Acquisition Corporation,
shares held by any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary
belonging to us or Sybase and those shares held by stockholders
who perfected their appraisal rights or, if applicable, their
dissenters rights (as described in The
Merger  Appraisal and Dissenters Rights),
will be canceled and automatically converted into the right to
receive $1.0294797 in cash, without interest. Treasury shares,
shares held by Sybase or Seurat Acquisition Corporation and
shares held by our or Sybases wholly owned subsidiaries
will be canceled immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger.

As of the effective time of the merger, all
shares of our common stock will no longer be outstanding and
will automatically be canceled and will cease to exist and each
holder of a certificate representing any shares of our common
stock (other than stockholders who have perfected their
appraisal rights or, if applicable, their dissenters
rights) will cease to have any rights as a stockholder, except
the right to receive $1.0294797 per share in cash, without
interest. The price of $1.0294797 per share was determined
through arms-length negotiations between Sybase and us.

Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange
of Certificates

The conversion of our common stock into the right
to receive $1.0294797 per share in cash, without interest, will
occur automatically at the effective time of the merger. As soon
as reasonably practicable after the effective time of the
merger,
[                              ],
the paying agent, will send a letter of transmittal to each
former AvantGo stockholder. The letter of transmittal will
contain instructions for obtaining cash in exchange for shares
of our common stock. You should not return stock certificates
with the enclosed proxy.

Upon surrender of a stock certificate
representing shares of our common stock, together with a duly
completed and validly executed letter of transmittal, and any
other documents that may be reasonably required by the paying
agent, the holder of the certificate will be entitled to receive
from the paying agent, on behalf of Sybase, as promptly as
practicable in accordance with the paying agents customary
procedures, $1.0294797 in cash for each share represented by the
stock certificate and the corresponding stock certificate will
be cancelled.



In the event of a transfer of ownership of our
common stock that is not registered in our stock transfer books,
the merger consideration for shares of our common stock may be
paid to a person other than the person in whose name the
surrendered certificate is registered if:

 

the certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise
    is in proper form for transfer, and

 

the person requesting such payment:

 

pays any transfer or other taxes resulting from
    the payment to a person other than the registered holder of the
    certificate; or

 

establishes to Sybase or any of its agents that
    the tax has been paid or is not applicable.

No interest will be paid or accrue on any cash
payable upon the surrender of stock certificates representing
shares of our common stock. The cash paid upon conversion of
shares of our common stock will be issued in full satisfaction
of all rights relating to the shares of our common stock.

Effect on Awards Outstanding under
AvantGos Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants

Stock Options.
 As a
result of the merger, any options that are outstanding at the
effective time of the merger will be terminated. If you wish to
receive a payment in respect of your vested options in the
merger, you must exercise those vested options prior to the
effective time of the merger. You should not exercise any
options with a per share exercise price greater than $1.0294797
or you will lose money in the merger.

Warrants. 
At the
effective time of the merger each warrant to purchase shares of
AvantGo common stock will be assumed by Sybase and shall
continue to have the same terms and conditions set forth in the
applicable warrant agreement, except that such warrant will be
exercisable for an amount of cash equal to the product of the
number of shares of AvantGo common stock that were issuable upon
exercise of such warrant immediately prior to the effective time
multiplied by $1.0294797.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

Under the merger agreement, we are
required to terminate the Employee Stock Purchase Plan no later
than the day immediately preceding the effective time of the
merger. As of January 31, 2003, all offering and purchase
periods under way shall be terminated, and all outstanding
purchase rights shall be immediately exercised by applying the
accumulated payroll deductions for each participant to purchase
shares of our common stock. The purchase price for each
participant will be equal to the lower of 85% of (a) the
fair market value per share of our common stock on such
participants offering date and (b) the fair market
value per share of our common stock on the purchase date. Any
excess payroll deductions not used to purchase shares of our
common stock will be returned to the participant without the
payment of any interest.

Effective Time of the Merger

The merger will become effective upon the filing
of a certificate of merger with the Delaware Secretary of State
or at such later time as is agreed upon by Sybase and us and
specified in the certificate of merger. The filing of the
certificate of merger will occur as soon as practicable on or
after the closing of the merger, which will not be later than
the second business day after satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions to the completion of the merger described in the
merger agreement or at such other time as agreed to by Sybase
and us.

Delisting and Deregistration of AvantGos
Common Stock

If the merger is completed, our common stock will
no longer be traded on The Nasdaq SmallCap Market and will be
deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Material United States Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger

General. 
The
following describes the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger that are generally applicable to U.S.
holders of AvantGo common stock. However, this discussion does
not address all aspects of taxation that may be relevant to
particular U.S. holders in light of their personal investment or



tax circumstances or to persons who are subject
to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws. In
particular, this discussion deals only with U.S. holders that
hold shares of AvantGo common stock as capital assets within the
meaning of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In
addition, this discussion does not address the tax treatment of
special classes of U.S. holders, such as banks, insurance
companies, tax-exempt entities, financial institutions,
broker-dealers, persons, if any, holding AvantGo common stock as
qualified small business stock, persons holding
AvantGo common stock as part of a hedging, straddle,
conversion or other integrated transaction, U.S. expatriates, or
persons subject to the alternative minimum tax. This discussion
may not be applicable to stockholders who acquired AvantGo
common stock pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants or
otherwise as compensation. Furthermore, this discussion does not
address any aspect of state, local or foreign tax
considerations. 
We urge you to consult your own tax advisor
as to the specific tax consequences of the merger, including the
applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences to
you of the merger.

As used in this proxy statement, a U.S.
holder means a holder of AvantGo common stock who is for
U.S. federal income tax purposes:

 

a citizen or resident of the United States;

 

a corporation, partnership, or other entity
    created or organized in the United States or under the law of
    the United States or any state within the United States;

 

an estate whose income is includible in gross
    income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, regardless of its
    source; or

 

a trust whose administration is subject to the
    primary supervision of a U.S. court and that has one or more
    U.S. persons who have the authority to control all substantial
    decisions of the trust.

This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, applicable Department of Treasury regulations,
judicial authority, and administrative rulings and practice, all
as of the date of this proxy statement. Future legislative,
judicial, or administrative changes or interpretations may
adversely affect the accuracy of the statements and conclusions
described in this proxy statement. Any changes or
interpretations could be applied retroactively and could affect
the tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders.

Consequences of the Merger to AvantGo
Stockholders. 
The receipt of cash in
exchange for AvantGo common stock in the merger will be a
taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In
general, a U.S. holder will recognize capital gain or loss equal
to the difference between the amount of cash received and the
U.S. holders tax basis in the AvantGo common stock
exchanged in the merger. Gain or loss will be calculated
separately for each block of shares, with each block of shares
consisting of shares acquired at the same cost in a single
transaction. Such gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or
loss if the U.S. holder held the AvantGo common stock for more
than one year as of the effective time of the merger. Certain
limitations apply to the deductibility of capital losses by U.S.
holders.

Federal Income Tax Backup Withholding.

A U.S. holder may be subject to backup
withholding at the rate of 30% with respect to a payment of cash
in the merger unless the U.S. holder:

 

is a corporation or comes within certain other
    exempt categories (including financial institutions, tax-exempt
    organizations and non-U.S. stockholders) and, when required,
    demonstrates this fact; or

 

provides a correct taxpayer identification number
    and certifies, under penalties of perjury, that the
    U.S. holder is not subject to backup withholding, and
    otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the backup
    withholding rules.

To prevent backup withholding and possible
penalties, you should complete and sign the substitute
Form W-9 included in the letter of transmittal which will
be sent to you if the merger is completed. Any amount withheld
under these rules may be credited against the U.S. holders
U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required
information is furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.



We strongly urge you to consult your own tax
advisor as to the specific tax consequences to you of the
merger, including the applicability and effect of U.S. Federal,
state, local and foreign income and other tax laws, in view of
your particular circumstances.

Regulatory Matters

Notifications and antitrust reviews may be
required in one or more foreign jurisdictions. The parties are
currently evaluating the need for such notifications. Those
material to the completion of the merger will be effected as
soon as possible. It is possible that any of the governmental
entities with which filings are made may seek, as conditions for
granting approval of the merger, various regulatory concessions.
There can be no assurance that Sybase or we will be able to
satisfy or comply with these conditions or be able to cause our
respective subsidiaries to satisfy or comply with these
conditions, or that the required regulatory approvals will be
obtained within the time frame contemplated by Sybase and us or
on terms that will be satisfactory to Sybase and us. See
The Merger and Voting Agreements  The Merger
Agreement  Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger.

Continuation of AvantGos Employee
Benefits

The merger agreement provides that effective no
later than the day immediately preceding the effective time of
the merger, AvantGo shall terminate all of its group severance,
separation or salary continuation plans, programs or
arrangements and any and all Section 401(k) plans. However,
Sybase has agreed that as soon as practicable after the
effective time of the merger, it will provide the employees of
AvantGo and its subsidiaries who remain employed with Sybase
with substantially similar types and levels of employment
benefits as those provided to similarly situated employees of
Sybase, provided that credit for past services will not count
toward Sybases sabbatical program.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND VOTING
AGREEMENTS

The Merger Agreement

The following description summarizes the material
provisions of the merger agreement. Stockholders should read
carefully the merger agreement in its entirety, which is
attached hereto as Annex A to this proxy statement.

Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger.
 Each partys obligation
to effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
various conditions, which include the following:

 

the holders of a majority of the outstanding
    shares of our common stock must have voted in favor of adopting
    the merger agreement;

 

no statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
    decree, injunction or other order, whether temporary,
    preliminary or permanent, that has the effect of making the
    merger illegal or otherwise preventing the completion of the
    merger shall have been enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
    entered by any governmental entity;

 

all material foreign antitrust approvals must
    have been obtained prior to the effective time of the merger; and

 

no order suspending the use of this proxy
    statement may be issued and no proceeding to suspend the use of
    this proxy statement shall have been initiated or threatened in
    writing by the SEC.

We will not be obligated to effect the merger
unless the following conditions are satisfied or waived:

 

the representations and warranties of Sybase and
    Seurat Acquisition Corporation must be true and correct as of
    the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date of
    the merger, subject to certain exceptions; and



 

each of Sybase and Seurat Acquisition Corporation
    must have performed or complied in all material respects with
    all agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement at
    or prior to the closing of the merger.

Sybase will not be obligated to effect the merger
unless the following conditions are satisfied or waived:

 

our representations and warranties must be true
    and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
    closing date of the merger, subject to certain exceptions;

 

we must have performed or complied in all
    material respects with all agreements and covenants required by
    the merger agreement at or prior to the closing of the merger;

 

no material adverse effect with respect to us and
    our subsidiaries shall have occurred since the date of the
    merger agreement;

 

our total revenues for the quarter ended
    December 31, 2002 must not have been less than 90% of the
    total revenues targeted for the quarter ended December 31,
    2002 (we have satisfied this condition); and

 

our total costs and expenses for the quarter
    ended December 31, 2002 must not have been greater than 110% of
    the total costs and expenses budgeted for the quarter ended
    December 31, 2002 (we have satisfied this condition).

Material Adverse Effect.

Several of our representations and
warranties contained in the merger agreement are qualified by
reference to whether the item in question is reasonably likely
to have a material adverse effect on us. The merger
agreement provides that a material adverse effect
means, when used in connection with us, the requirement to
restate and/or the restatement of any SEC report filed by us,
and when used in connection with us or any entity, any change,
event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect,
individually or when aggregated with other changes, events,
violations, inaccuracies, circumstances or effects, that is
materially adverse to the business, assets (including intangible
assets), capitalization, financial condition or results of
operations of the entity and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or the ability of any entity to perform its obligations under
the merger agreement and timely complete the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. However, none of the
following will be deemed, by itself or in combination, to
constitute, and none of the following will be taken into account
in determining whether there has been or will be a material
adverse effect on us:

 

any change in the market price or trading volume
    of our common stock after the date of the merger agreement;

 

any failure by us to meet internal projections or
    forecasts or published revenue or earnings predictions for any
    period ending (or for which revenues or earnings are released)
    on or after the date of the merger agreement;

 

any adverse change, event, violation, inaccuracy,
    circumstance or effect:

 

that results from the loss, diminution or
    disruption of our existing or prospective customer, distributor
    or supplier relationships that we successfully prove results
    directly from, or is directly attributable to, the public
    announcement or pendency of the merger;

 

that we successfully prove results from, or is
    attributable to, conditions affecting the industries in which we
    participate, the United States economy as a whole, or foreign
    economies where we or any of our subsidiaries have material
    operations or sales (where such changes do not, in each case,
    disproportionately affect us or any of our subsidiaries);

 

resulting from our compliance with the terms of,
    or the taking of any action required by, the merger agreement; or

 

the institution of litigation against us or any
    of our officers or directors alleging breach of fiduciary duties
    in connection with our entry into the merger agreement.



No Solicitation.
 We
have agreed, subject to certain exceptions arising out of
fiduciary duties of our board of directors, that we will not,
and will not permit any of our subsidiaries to, nor will we
authorize or permit any of our or our subsidiaries
officers, directors, affiliates or employees or any of our or
their investment bankers, attorneys, accountants or other
advisors or representatives retained by us or them, to, directly
or indirectly:

 

solicit, initiate, knowingly or intentionally
    encourage, facilitate or induce the making, submission or
    announcement of any other acquisition proposal;

 

participate in any negotiations or discussions
    regarding, or furnish to any person any non-public information
    with respect to, or take any other action to facilitate any
    inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may
    reasonably be expected to lead to, any other acquisition
    proposal;

 

approve, endorse or recommend any other
    acquisition proposal; or

 

enter into any letter of intent or similar
    document or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to
    any other acquisition transaction.

The merger agreement does provide that our board
of directors may enter into a confidentiality agreement with, or
enter into negotiations or discussions with, any person or group
in response to an acquisition proposal submitted and not
withdrawn by such person or group, if:

 

neither we nor our subsidiaries nor any of our or
    their representatives have violated the restrictions set forth
    above;

 

our board of directors concludes in good faith,
    after consultation with our outside legal counsel, that the
    action is required in order for the board of directors to comply
    with its fiduciary duties to our stockholders under applicable
    law;

 

at least two (2) business days prior to
    providing any nonpublic information to, or entering into
    negotiations or discussions with, such person or group, we give
    Sybase written notice of the identity of the person or group and
    of our intention to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter
    into negotiations or discussions with, such person or group;

 

we receive from such person or group an executed
    confidentiality agreement containing limitations on the use and
    disclosure of all nonpublic written and oral information
    provided by us to such person or group, with limitations which
    are no less favorable to us than those in the confidentiality
    agreement entered into with Sybase; and

 

contemporaneously with providing any nonpublic
    information to such person or group, we provide such nonpublic
    information to Sybase.

The merger agreement provides that the term
acquisition proposal means any offer or proposal
(other than an offer or proposal by Sybase or Seurat Acquisition
Corporation) relating to any transaction or series of related
transactions involving:

 

any acquisition or purchase from us by any person
    or group (as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange
    Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) of more than a
    fifteen percent (15%) interest in our total outstanding voting
    securities, or that of any of our subsidiaries;

 

any tender offer or exchange offer that if
    consummated would result in any person or group (as defined
    under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
    regulations thereunder) beneficially owning fifteen
    percent (15%) or more of our total outstanding voting
    securities, or that of any of our subsidiaries;

 

any merger, consolidation, business combination
    or similar transaction involving us pursuant to which our
    stockholders immediately preceding such a transaction would hold
    less than eighty five percent (85%) of the equity interests
    in the surviving or resulting entity of such a transaction;



 

any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license
    (other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent
    with our past practices), acquisition or disposition of more
    than fifteen percent (15%) of our assets; or

 

any liquidation or dissolution of us.

The merger agreement provides that our board of
directors may amend, change, withdraw or modify its unanimous
recommendation in favor of the merger at any time prior to our
stockholders approval and adoption of the merger agreement
and approval of the merger, but only to terminate the merger
agreement in accordance with the termination procedures
described below under the heading Termination, and
only if:

 

a superior offer (as described below) is made to
    us and is not withdrawn, and, concurrent with the termination of
    the merger agreement our board of directors causes us to enter
    into a definitive agreement with respect to such a superior
    offer;

 

neither we nor any of our subsidiaries nor any of
    our or their representatives have violated any of the
    restrictions regarding solicitation set forth above in
    connection with such superior offer; and

 

our board of directors concludes in good faith,
    after consultation with our outside legal counsel, that in light
    of such superior offer, the withdrawal, amendment, change or
    modification of its recommendation is required in order for it
    to comply with its fiduciary duties to our stockholders under
    applicable law.

The merger agreement provides that the term
superior offer means any unsolicited, bona fide
written offer made by a third party to consummate any
acquisition proposal on terms that our board of directors
determines, in its reasonable judgment (after consultation with
a reputable financial advisor) to be more favorable to our
stockholders from a financial point of view than the terms of
the merger with Sybase. However, any such offer will not be
deemed to be a superior offer if any financing
required to complete the transaction contemplated by such an
offer is not committed and is not likely in the reasonable
judgment of our board of directors to be obtained by such third
party on a timely basis.

Termination.
 The
merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
effective time of the merger under certain circumstances,
including:

 

by mutual written consent authorized by the
    boards of directors of Sybase and us;

 

by either Sybase or us, if the merger has not
    been completed by April 19, 2003 for any reason, provided,
    however, that this right to terminate the merger agreement will
    not be available to a party whose action or failure to act was a
    principal cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the merger to
    be completed by April 19, 2003, and such action or failure
    to act constituted a breach of the merger agreement;

 

by either Sybase or us, if any governmental
    entity issues any final and nonappealable order, decree or
    ruling or any other action having the effect of permanently
    restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger;

 

by either Sybase or us, if our stockholders do
    not approve the merger agreement at a duly held stockholders
    meeting, provided, however, that the right to terminate the
    merger agreement for the failure to obtain the required approval
    of our stockholders will not be available to us where such
    failure was caused by our action or failure to act and our
    action or failure to act constitutes a breach by us of the
    merger agreement;

 

by us, upon the approval of our board of
    directors, if our board of directors concludes in good faith
    that it is required to terminate the merger agreement by its
    fiduciary duties to our stockholders under applicable law, after
    consultation with our outside legal counsel in connection with
    entering into a definitive agreement with respect to an
    acquisition proposal which qualifies as a superior offer;

 

by either Sybase or us, if the other party has
    breached any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
    other agreements contained in the merger agreement, or if any
    representation or warranty has become untrue, in either case
    such that any of the conditions to the merger would not be
    satisfied as of the time of the breach or as of the time such
    representation or warranty became untrue and has not



been, or is incapable of being, cured within
    thirty (30) calendar days after written notice of such
    breach or failure;

 

by Sybase in the event we breach any of the
    provisions regarding solicitation relating to an acquisition
    proposal; or

 

by Sybase if any of the following
    triggering events occurs:

 

our board of directors or any of its committees
    for any reason withdraws or withholds, or amends, changes or
    modifies in a manner adverse to Sybase, its unanimous
    recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the
    merger agreement or the approval of the merger;

 

we fail to include in this proxy statement the
    unanimous recommendation of our board of directors that
    stockholders vote in favor of and adopt and approve the merger
    agreement and the merger;

 

our board of directors or any of its committees
    approves or recommends any other acquisition proposal;

 

we enter into any letter of intent or similar
    document or any contract accepting any other acquisition
    proposal; or

 

a tender or exchange offer relating to our
    securities is commenced by a person unaffiliated with Sybase and
    we have not sent to our stockholders, within ten (10)
    business days after such a tender or exchange offer is first
    published, sent or given, a statement disclosing that our board
    of directors recommends rejection of such tender or exchange
    offer.

Termination Fee.
 The
merger agreement requires that we pay Sybase a termination fee
of $1,140,000, if, among other things:

 

Sybase terminates the merger agreement as a
    result of a triggering event, as described above;

 

the fiduciary duties of our board of directors
    requires us to terminate the merger agreement in connection with
    our entering into a definitive agreement related to an
    acquisition proposal which qualifies as a superior offer;

 

Sybase terminates the merger agreement because
    either the effective time has not occurred before April 19,
    2003 or we failed to obtain the required approval of our
    stockholders, and any of the following occurs:

 

a third party has announced an acquisition
    proposal and has not publicly withdrawn the acquisition proposal
    at least five (5) business days prior to the earlier of
    April 19, 2003 or the meeting of our stockholders to vote
    on the merger, as may be applicable, and within twelve (12)
    months following the termination of our merger agreement with
    Sybase, an acquisition of us is completed; or

 

a third party has announced an acquisition
    proposal and has not publicly withdrawn the acquisition proposal
    at least five (5) business days prior to the earlier of
    April 19, 2003 or the meeting of our stockholders to vote
    on the merger, as may be applicable, and within twelve
    (12) months following the termination of our merger
    agreement with Sybase, we enter into a letter of intent or
    similar document or contract that provides for any acquisition
    of us.

In addition to the termination fees described
above, in the event Sybase terminates the merger agreement in
connection with the breach of our representation and warranty
that we have performed or complied in all material respects with
all agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement,
and prior to such termination, we have received, or a third
party has announced, an acquisition proposal and our breach is
intended to or has the effect of facilitating such acquisition
proposal or benefiting the person or entity making such
acquisition proposal without similarly benefiting Sybase, we
will be required to pay Sybase an amount equal to the
out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Sybase and Seurat
Acquisition Corporation in connection with the negotiation,
execution and delivery of the merger agreement to which this
proxy solicitation statement relates, provided, however, that we
are not required to pay Sybase expenses in excess of $500,000.



Conduct of Business Pending the
Merger.
 Under the merger agreement, we
have agreed that prior to the earlier of the termination of the
merger agreement or the effective time of the merger, subject to
certain exceptions, unless we obtain Sybases written
consent (which consent or refusal to grant consent may not be
unreasonably delayed) we will and will cause each of our
subsidiaries to, carry on our and their businesses in the usual,
regular and ordinary course in substantially the same manner as
conducted up until now and in compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations, pay our liabilities and taxes when due,
pay or perform other obligations when due, and use commercially
reasonable efforts consistent with past practices to preserve
our and their present business organization, keep available the
services of our and their present officers and employees and
preserve our and their relationships with customers, suppliers,
distributors, consultants, licensors, licensees and others
having significant business dealings with us and them. In
addition, we have agreed that, among other things and subject to
certain exceptions, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries may,
without Sybases written consent (which consent or refusal
to grant consent may not be unreasonably delayed):

 

waive any stock repurchase rights, accelerate,
    amend or change the period of exercisability of options or
    restricted stock, or reprice options granted under any employee,
    consultant, director or other stock plans or authorize cash
    payments in exchange for any options granted under any such
    plans;

 

grant any severance or termination pay to any
    officer or employee except pursuant to written agreements
    outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement and as
    previously disclosed in writing to Sybase;

 

adopt any new severance plan, or amend or modify
    or alter in any manner any severance plan, agreement or
    arrangement existing on the date of the merger agreement, or
    grant any equity-based compensation, whether payable in cash or
    stock;

 

transfer or license to any person or entity or
    otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to our intellectual
    property;

 

enter into grants to transfer or license to any
    person future rights to our intellectual property other than
    non-exclusive licenses granted to end-users and non-exclusive
    distribution, reseller and similar commercial agreements entered
    into in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
    practice, provided that in no event may we license, or enter
    into a distribution, reseller or similar arrangement, on an
    exclusive basis, or sell, any of our intellectual property, or
    enter into any contract (i) providing for any site licenses
    that contain pricing or discounting terms or provisions other
    than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice, (ii) requiring us to use best efforts
    or limiting our right to engage in any line of business or to
    compete with any person, or (iii) not otherwise in
    compliance with the terms of the merger agreement;

 

enter into any contract requiring us to purchase
    a minimum amount of products or services with aggregate
    commitments over the life of all such contracts in excess of
    $50,000 individually or $200,000 in the aggregate on a monthly
    basis, or requiring us to provide a minimum amount of products
    or services with aggregate commitments over the life of such
    contract in excess of $150,000, or provide products or services
    at a later date at a fixed price;

 

declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or
    make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity
    securities or property) in respect of any of our capital stock;

 

split, combine or reclassify any of our capital
    stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities
    in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any of our
    capital stock;

 

purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly
    or indirectly, any shares of our capital stock or the capital
    stock of our subsidiaries, except repurchases of unvested shares
    at or below cost in connection with the termination of an
    employment relationship with any employee pursuant to stock
    option or purchase agreements in effect on the date of the
    merger agreement, provided that no repurchases shall be
    permitted in the event the per share repurchase price is greater
    than the per share consideration to be received by the
    stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement;



 

issue, deliver, sell, authorize or designate
    (including by certificate of designation) or pledge or otherwise
    encumber, or propose any of the foregoing with respect to any
    shares of our capital stock or any securities convertible into
    shares of our capital stock, or subscriptions, rights, warrants
    or options to acquire any shares of our capital stock or any
    securities convertible into shares of our capital stock, or
    enter into other agreements or commitments of any character
    obligating us to issue any such shares or convertible
    securities, other than the issuance, delivery and/or sale of
    shares of our common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock
    options or warrants outstanding as of the date of the merger
    agreement, or shares of our common stock issuable to
    participants in our ESPP consistent with its terms and subject
    to requirements of the merger agreement;

 

cause, permit or submit to a vote of our
    stockholders any amendments to our charter documents (or similar
    governing instruments of any of our subsidiaries);

 

acquire or agree to acquire by merging or
    consolidating with, or by purchasing any equity interest in or a
    portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business
    or any corporation, partnership, association or other business
    organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree
    to enter into any joint ventures, strategic partnerships or
    similar alliances;

 

sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise
    dispose of any properties or assets except sales of inventory in
    the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
    and except for the sale, lease, licensing, encumbering or
    disposition of property or assets not in excess of $15,000
    individually or $50,000 in the aggregate, provided such property
    or assets are not material, individually or in the aggregate, to
    our business or the business of our subsidiaries;

 

grant any loans to employees, officers, directors
    or other third parties, incur any indebtedness for borrowed
    money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person,
    issue or sell any debt securities or options, warrants, calls or
    other rights to acquire any of our debt securities, enter into
    any keep well or other agreement to maintain any
    financial statement condition or enter into any arrangement
    having the economic effect of any of the foregoing other than in
    connection with the financing of ordinary course trade payables
    consistent with past practice;

 

adopt or amend any employee stock purchase or
    employee stock option plan;

 

enter into any employment contract or collective
    bargaining agreement;

 

pay any special bonus or special remuneration to
    any director or employee;

 

increase the salaries or wage rates or fringe
    benefits (including rights to severance or indemnification) of
    our directors, officers, employees or consultants (other than
    bonus amounts payable in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice, and as previously disclosed to
    Sybase);

 

pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any
    liabilities, other than the payment, discharge, settlement or
    satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business consistent with
    past practice, or in accordance with their terms, of liabilities
    recognized or disclosed in our most recent financial statements
    (or the notes thereto) included in our SEC filings or incurred
    since September 30, 2002 in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practices;

 

waive the benefits of, agree to modify in any
    manner, terminate, release any person from or knowingly fail to
    enforce the confidentiality or nondisclosure provisions of any
    contract to which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party or of
    which we or any of our subsidiaries is a beneficiary;

 

enter into, modify or amend, or terminate any
    contract of a nature required to be disclosed to Sybase under
    the terms of the merger agreement, or waive, delay the exercise
    of, release or assign any material rights or claims thereunder;

 

except as required by GAAP, revalue any of our
    assets (including without limitation writing down the value of
    inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable other than
    in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice) or make any change in our accounting methods,
    principles or practices;



 

enter into, renew or materially modify any
    contracts relating to the distribution, sale, license or
    marketing by third parties of our or our subsidiaries
    products or services or products or services licensed by us or
    our subsidiaries, other than renewals of existing contracts on a
    nonexclusive basis or modifications in connection with renewals
    of existing contracts on a nonexclusive basis, or new
    nonexclusive contracts, either of which can be terminated
    without penalty upon notice of ninety (90) calendar days or
    less, and which are otherwise in compliance with the merger
    agreement;

 

make any tax election or accounting method change
    (except as required by GAAP) that, individually or in the
    aggregate, is reasonably likely to adversely affect in any
    material respect the tax liability or tax attributes of us or
    any of our subsidiaries;

 

settle or compromise any material tax liability
    or consent to any extension or waiver of any limitation period
    with respect to taxes;

 

other than taking any action permitted in
    connection with a superior offer (as described above), engage in
    any action with the intent to, directly or indirectly, adversely
    impact or materially delay the completion of the merger;

 

hire any employee (except that if an employee is
    terminated as permitted by the merger agreement or voluntarily
    terminates (including by death or disability) his or her
    employment, a replacement may be engaged as a contractor to
    temporarily fill the terminated employees position,
    provided such replacement may not be hired as our employee, any
    consideration payable for services rendered by such replacement
    is of a kind and amount permitted by the merger agreement, and
    any such agreement with any such replacement shall be
    terminable, at the sole option of Sybase, without penalty, at
    the effective time of the merger);

 

terminate any employee (except for terminations
    for cause), or take any action that would allow any employee to
    claim a constructive termination or termination for good
    reason;

 

make any individual or series of related payments
    outside of the ordinary course of business (including payments
    to legal, accounting or other professional service advisors) in
    excess of $200,000 in the aggregate;

 

commence or settle (other than settlements that
    are covered entirely by our insurance carrier and that do not
    involve deductible or retention payments of greater than
    $350,000, provided, that Sybase will have had an opportunity to
    review and approve any such settlements) any litigation (other
    than any litigation to enforce any of our rights under the
    merger agreement); or

 

agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the
    actions described above.

Reasonable Efforts.

Except as otherwise limited by the terms of the merger
agreement, we and Sybase have each agreed to use our
commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions and to do
and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing all
things necessary, proper or advisable to complete the merger,
including using reasonable efforts to accomplish the following:

 

taking all reasonable actions necessary to
    satisfy the conditions to the merger;

 

obtaining all necessary actions or nonactions,
    waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from
    governmental entities;

 

making all necessary registrations, declarations
    and filings (including registrations, declarations and filings
    with governmental entities, if any) and taking all reasonable
    steps as necessary to avoid any suit, claim, action,
    investigation or proceeding by any governmental entities;

 

obtaining all consents, approvals or waivers from
    third parties required as a result of the merger;

 

defending any suit, claim, action, investigation
    or proceeding, whether judicial or administrative, challenging
    the merger and the merger agreement, including seeking to have
    any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or
    other governmental entity vacated or reversed; and



 

executing and delivering any additional documents
    reasonably necessary to complete the merger and to fully carry
    out the purposes of the merger agreement.

However, the merger agreement does not require
Sybase or us to:

 

agree to divest any shares of capital stock or of
    any business, assets or property of Sybase or any of its
    subsidiaries or affiliates or any shares of capital stock or of
    any business, assets or property of us or any of our
    subsidiaries or affiliates; or

 

agree to the imposition of any material
    limitation on the ability of Sybase or us to conduct our
    businesses or to own or exercise control over our assets,
    properties and stock.

Amendment; Extension and
Waiver.
 The parties may amend the
merger agreement at any time, before or after stockholder
approval has been obtained, by the execution of a writing signed
by Sybase and us. However, if the merger agreement is to be
amended after stockholder approval has been obtained, no
amendment will be allowed that by law requires further approval
by stockholders of the parties without the further approval of
those stockholders.

At any time prior to the effective time of the
merger, the parties may:

 

extend the time for the performance of any of the
    obligations or other acts of the other party to the merger
    agreement;

 

waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
    warranties of the other party contained in the merger agreement
    or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement; or

 

waive compliance by the other party with any of
    the agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement.

However, after stockholder approval has been
obtained, no waiver may be made that by law requires further
approval of those stockholders without the further approval of
those stockholders. Any extensions or waivers must be in writing
and any delays in exercising any right under the merger
agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right.

Expenses.
 The merger
agreement provides that regardless of whether the merger is
consummated, all fees and expenses incurred by the parties shall
be borne by the party incurring such expenses, provided,
however, that we and Sybase will equally share the fees and
expenses (other than the fees and expenses of attorneys and
accountants) incurred in connection with the printing and filing
of this proxy statement and any amendments and supplements to
this proxy statement.

Representations and
Warranties.
 The merger agreement
contains customary representations and warranties relating to,
among other things:

 

corporate organization and similar matters with
    respect to each of Sybase and us;

 

our subsidiaries;

 

our capital structure;

 

the authorization, execution, delivery,
    performance and enforceability of the merger agreement and
    related matters with respect to each of Sybase and us;

 

compliance with charter documents or equivalent
    organizational documents and all legal requirements regarding
    this transaction by each of Sybase and us;

 

the absence of any conflict with or breach or
    default of a contract, or the modification of Sybases, our
    or our subsidiaries or a third-partys rights under a
    contract, that would create a material adverse effect on us or
    Sybase or prevent us or Sybase from performing our or their
    obligations under the merger agreement;

 

the acquisition of required consents, approvals,
    orders and authorizations of governmental authorities and
    regulating bodies by each of Sybase and us;



 

the absence of any undisclosed default or
    violation of any legal requirements or contracts by us or our
    subsidiaries that would prevent us from obtaining a material
    benefit or expose us to a material liability;

 

the acquisition of and compliance with all
    material permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and
    approvals from governmental entities which are required for us
    or our subsidiaries to operate our business and hold our
    property;

 

the accuracy of the documents we have filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our financial
    statements and other information contained in such documents;

 

the status of our condensed consolidated cash and
    cash equivalents as of the date of the merger agreement;

 

the absence of any undisclosed liabilities
    against us or our subsidiaries;

 

the absence of any undisclosed instances in which
    we or our subsidiaries have brought about (i) an event or
    condition that creates some material adverse effect on us,
    (ii) dividends or other distributions, stock splits,
    combinations or reclassifications of our capital stock,
    (iii) certain compensation payments and adjustments,
    (iv) certain transactions relating to our intellectual
    property, (v) changes in financial or tax accounting
    methods or the valuation of assets, (vi) entry by us or our
    subsidiaries into any contract that must be filed with the SEC
    or (vii) any negotiation or agreement to do any of the
    things listed in this paragraph, in each case since
    September 30, 2002;

 

the absence of any undisclosed outstanding or
    threatened litigation, governmental investigations or
    governmental challenges or questions regarding our legal right
    to conduct business as presently or previously conducted;

 

our employee benefit plans;

 

our compliance with labor laws;

 

the absence of any pending, threatened or
    anticipated work stoppage or labor strike against us;

 

the accuracy of information supplied by each of
    Sybase and us in connection with this proxy statement;

 

the absence of any contract, commitment,
    judgment, injunction, order or decree binding on us that has the
    effect of impairing our or our subsidiaries business
    practices, ability to acquire property or ability to control the
    use, license, distribution or sale of our technology;

 

our real property holdings, including good title,
    rights to leased real property and liens on leased real property;

 

the good operating condition and repair of our
    and our subsidiaries plants, structures and material
    equipment;

 

tax matters with respect to us;

 

environmental matters and compliance with
    environmental laws;

 

our engagement of, and payment of fees to,
    brokers, investment bankers and financial advisors, and amount
    of fees payable to other advisors by us in connection with the
    merger agreement;

 

our intellectual property;

 

certain of our material contracts;

 

the absence of any undisclosed breach, violation
    or default of our contracts by us, our subsidiaries or a
    third-party that would allow any other party to the contract to
    terminate the contract or seek material damages;

 

our insurance policies;



 

our receipt of a fairness opinion from Alliant
    Partners that the merger consideration is fair to our
    stockholders from a financial point of view;

 

our boards unanimous (i) determination
    that the transaction is fair to our stockholders,
    (ii) approval of the transaction subject to stockholder
    approval and (iii) determination to recommend that
    stockholders adopt and approve the merger agreement and approve
    the merger;

 

the required vote of our stockholders;

 

our satisfaction of the Delaware Takeover Statute
    under Section 203 of Delaware law, and the absence of any
    other state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation
    that applies to the merger;

 

the disclosure of all officers and directors and
    their affiliates who have (i) an interest in any entity
    that furnished or sold, or furnishes or sells, services,
    products or technology that we or our subsidiaries furnish or
    sell or propose to furnish or sell, or (ii) an interest in
    any entity that purchases from or sells or furnishes to us or
    our subsidiaries any goods or services, or (iii) an
    interest in any entity that makes loans to or guaranties on
    behalf of, or borrows or seeks guaranties from us or our
    subsidiaries, and (iv) a beneficial interest in any
    contract to which we or our subsidiaries are a party; provided,
    however, that ownership of no more than one percent (1%) of the
    outstanding voting stock of a publicly traded corporation shall
    not be deemed an interest in any entity;

 

our and our subsidiaries privacy policies
    for our websites, and our and our subsidiaries adherence
    to such policies and compliance with all legal requirements and
    contracts to which we are a party regarding individual privacy;
    and

 

the sufficiency of Sybases resources to pay
    the merger consideration.

AvantGo Certificate of
Incorporation.
 As of the effective
time of the merger, our certificate of incorporation will be
amended and restated to read the same as the Certificate of
Incorporation of Seurat Acquisition Corporation, except that as
of the effective time of the merger the name of the surviving
corporation of the merger will be AvantGo, Inc.

AvantGo Bylaws.
 As
of the effective time of the merger, our bylaws will be amended
and restated to read the same as the bylaws of Seurat
Acquisition Corporation.

The Voting Agreements

In order to induce Sybase to enter into the
merger agreement, all of our executive officers, directors and
certain of our affiliates, who beneficially own approximately
21.6% of our outstanding shares as of December 19, 2002,
entered into individual voting agreements with Sybase. Pursuant
to the voting agreements, these stockholders have agreed to vote
their shares of our capital stock in favor of the merger
agreement and the merger and against any proposal adverse to the
merger. These stockholders have also agreed to irrevocably
appoint the members of the board of directors of Sybase as their
lawful attorneys and proxies. These proxies give Sybase the
limited right to vote the shares of our capital stock
beneficially owned by these stockholders, including shares of
our capital stock acquired by these stockholders after the date
of the voting agreement, in favor of the approval and adoption
of the merger agreement and the merger and against any proposal
adverse to the merger. These stockholders may vote their shares
of our capital stock on all other matters.

None of the stockholders who are parties to the
voting agreements were paid additional consideration in
connection with entering a voting agreement.

Pursuant to the voting agreements, each
stockholder who is a party agreed not to sell shares of our
capital stock and options owned, either directly or indirectly,
by such stockholder until the earlier of the termination of the
merger agreement or the effective time of the merger.

These voting agreements will terminate upon the
earlier of the termination of the merger or the effective time
of the merger. The form of voting agreement is attached to this
proxy statement as Exhibit A to Annex A and you are
encouraged to read it in its entirety.



SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table shows the common stock
beneficially owned as of December 19, 2002 by:

 

the Chief Executive Officer, one individual who
    served as the Chief Executive Officer of AvantGo during the year
    ended December 31, 2002 but who was not acting in such
    capacity as of December 31, 2002, four other executive
    officers of AvantGo acting in executive officer capacity as of
    December 31, 2002 whose salary and bonus for the year ended
    December 31, 2002 exceeded $100,000, and one additional
    individual who is among the four most highly compensated
    executive officers of AvantGo for the year ended
    December 31, 2002 and whose salary and bonus exceeded
    $100,000 but who was not acting in such capacity at
    December 31, 2002;

 

each person who is known by us to beneficially
    own 5% or more of our outstanding common stock;

 

each of our directors; and

 

all our officers and directors as a group.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with SEC rules. In computing the number of shares beneficially
owned by a person, we have included shares for which the named
person has sole or shared power over voting or investment
decisions. The number of shares beneficially owned includes
common stock which the named person has the right to acquire,
through conversion, option or warrant exercise, or otherwise,
within 60 days after December 19, 2002. The number of
shares beneficially owned also includes shares of restricted
stock held by the named person. Percentage of beneficial
ownership is based on 35,736,977 shares outstanding as of
December 19, 2002. Beneficial ownership calculations for 5%
stockholders are based solely on publicly-filed
Schedule 13Ds or 13Gs, which 5% stockholders are required
to file with the SEC, and which generally set forth ownership
interests as of December 19, 2002. Except as otherwise
noted, the address of each person listed in the table is c/o
AvantGo, Inc., 25881 Industrial Boulevard, Hayward, California
94545.

Shares Owned

Approximate

Number of

Percentage

Shares

Ownership

5% Stockholders

st 
Century Internet Fund, L.P.(1)

3,032,053

8.5

%

151 Lytton Avenue

    Palo Alto, CA 94301

Directors and Executive Officers

David B. Cooper, Jr.(2)

684,060

1.9

%

Christopher B. Hollenbeck(3)

937,864

2.6

%

c/o Granite Ventures, LLC

    One Bush Street, 12th Floor

    San Francisco, CA 94104

Paul Kanneman(4)

157,978

*

Robert J. Lesko(5)

62,200

*

Felix Lin(6)

1,984,522

5.6

%

William J. Miller(7)

19,999

*

Richard Owen(8)

444,444

1.2

%

Robert Johnson

*

David Pratt(9)

166,666

*

James T. Richardson(10)

26,250

*

Richard Treadway(11)

12,500

*

Neil Versen(12)

119,268

*



Shares Owned

Approximate

Number of

Percentage

Shares

Ownership

Jeffrey T. Webber(13)

609,451

1.7

%

Peter Ziebelman(14)

3,047,053

8.5

%

c/o 21
st 
Century Internet Fund, LP

    2 South Park, 2nd Floor San Francisco, CA 94107

All executive officers and directors as a group
    (14 persons)(15)

8,272,255

23.1

%

     *

Less than 1% of the outstanding shares of common
    stock

  (1) 

Includes 2,870,570 shares held by

st
 Century Internet Fund, L.P. and
    161,483 shares held by 21VC Fund II, L.P. Peter
    Ziebelman, one of our directors, is a general partner of

st
 Century Internet Fund, L.P. and 21VC
    Fund II, L.P. Mr. Ziebelman disclaims beneficial
    ownership of the shares held by 21
st
 Century Internet
    Fund, L.P. and 21VC Fund II, L.P. except to the extent of
    his pecuniary interest therein.

  (2) 

Includes 656,060 shares of common stock
    issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within
    60 days of December 19, 2002. Includes
    4,448 shares of common stock that are subject to our right
    of repurchase.

  (3) 

Includes 321,806 shares held by H&Q
    Adobe Ventures Management II, L.L.C., 24,358 shares held by
    Adobe Ventures III, L.P., 1,479 shares held by HQVA
    Adobe Ventures Management III, L.L.C., 574,021 shares
    held by H&Q AvantGo Investors, L.P. and 1,200 shares
    held by Mr. Hollenbeck. Also includes 15,000 shares of
    common stock issuable to Mr. Hollenbeck, upon the exercise
    of options exercisable within 60 days of December 19,
    2002. Christopher Hollenbeck, one of our directors, is a
    managing director of Granite Ventures, LLC, formerly H&Q
    Venture Associates, LLC. Mr. Hollenbeck disclaims
    beneficial ownership of the shares held by affiliates of Granite
    Ventures, LLC except to the extent of his pecuniary interest
    therein.

  (4) 

Mr. Kanneman is no longer an employee or
    executive officer of AvantGo.

  (5) 

Includes 15,000 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within
    60 days of December 19, 2002 and 3,000 shares
    held by Mr. Leskos wife, Kathleen Lesko.

  (6) 

Includes 15,921 shares of common stock that
    Mr. Lin holds as custodian for Joshua Samuel Lin, and
    12,421 shares held as custodian for Nicholas Lin. Also
    includes 19,330 shares held by the Betty Mae Lin 2000
    Annuity Trust, 73,828 shares held by Mr. Lins
    wife, Betty Mae Lin, 1,760,522 shares held by the
    Felix & Betty Mae Lin Revocable Trust UA DTD
    September 27, 2000 of which both Mr. and Ms. Lin are
    co-trustees. Mr. Lin disclaims beneficial ownership of such
    shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

  (7) 

Includes 17,916 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within
    60 days of December 19, 2002.

  (8) 

Mr. Owen is no longer a director, employee
    or executive officer of AvantGo.

  (9) 

Includes 166,666 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within
    60 days of December 19, 2002.

(10) 

Includes 26,250 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within
    60 days of December 19, 2002.

(11) 

Includes 12,500 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within
    60 days of December 19, 2002.

(12) 

Includes 119,268 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within
    60 days of December 19, 2002.

(13) 

Includes 143,389 shares held by The
    Entrepreneurs Fund, L.P., 41,865 shares held by The
    Entrepreneurs Fund II, L.P., 215,311 shares held
    by The Entrepreneurs Growth Fund, L.P., 34,426 shares
    held by RBW Investments LLC, 2,990 shares held by Joseph
    Brilando and 2,990 shares held by C. Woodrow



Rea, Jr., both of whom are affiliated, along
    with Mr. Webber, with R.B. Webber & Co.
    Mr. Webber, one of our directors, is a managing director of
    the general partners of the Entrepreneurs Funds and is the
    managing director of RBW Investments LLC and disclaims
    beneficial ownership of the shares held by such funds, except to
    the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Also includes
    15,000 shares issuable to Mr. Webber upon the exercise
    of options exercisable within 60 days of December 19,
    2002. Includes 1,000 share of common stock that are subject
    to our right of repurchase.

(14) 

Includes 2,870,570 shares held by

st
 Century Internet Fund, L.P. and
    161,483 shares held by 21VC Fund II, L.P. Peter
    Ziebelman, one of our directors, is a general partner of

st
 Century Internet Fund, L.P. and 21VC
    Fund II, L.P. Mr. Ziebelman disclaims beneficial
    ownership of the shares held by 21
st
 Century Internet
    Fund, L.P. and 21VC Fund II, L.P., except to the extent of
    his pecuniary interest therein. Also includes 15,000 shares
    issuable to Mr. Ziebelman upon the exercise of options
    exercisable within 60 days of December 19, 2002.

(15) 

Includes 1,058,660 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within
    60 days of December 19, 2002. Also includes
    5,448 shares of common stock that are subject to our right
    of repurchase.

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

We will hold a 2003 annual meeting of our
stockholders only if the merger is not completed.

Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange
Act, stockholders may present proper proposals for inclusion in
our proxy statement and for consideration at the 2003 annual
meeting of stockholders by submitting their proposals to us in a
timely manner. To properly bring business before the 2003 annual
meeting of stockholders, a stockholder must give timely notice
thereof in writing to our Secretary. To be timely, a
stockholders proposal or nomination must be delivered to
or mailed and received at our principal executive office no
later than the close of business on March 14, 2003 nor
earlier than the close of business on February 12, 2003,
and must otherwise satisfy the requirements of our bylaws. If
the date of the 2003 annual meeting changes by more than
30 days from the date contemplated at the time of this
proxy statement, we must receive the stockholders notice
no earlier than the close of business on the 90th day prior to
the 2003 annual meeting and no later than the close of business
on the later of the 60th day prior to the 2003 annual meeting
or, in the event public announcement of the date of the 2003
annual meeting is first made by us fewer than 70 days prior
to the date of the 2003 annual meeting, the close of business on
the 10th day following the day of the public announcement. A
stockholders notice to our Secretary must set forth as to
each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the 2003
annual meeting: (i) a brief description of the business
desired to be brought before the 2003 annual meeting and the
reasons for conducting such business at the 2003 annual meeting;
(ii) the name and address, as they appear on our books, of
the stockholder proposing such business; (iii) the class
and number of shares that are beneficially owned by the
stockholder; (iv) any material interest of the stockholder
in such business; and (v) any other information that is
required to be provided by the stockholder pursuant to
Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, in the stockholders capacity as a proponent to
a stockholder proposal. In addition to the foregoing, in order
to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in
the proxy statement and form of proxy for a stockholders
meeting, stockholders must provide notice as required by the
regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.

OTHER MATTERS

As of the date of this proxy statement, our board
of directors knows of no matters that will be presented for
consideration at the special meeting other than as described in
this proxy statement.



WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Sybase and we file annual, quarterly and special
reports, proxy statements and other information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any
reports, statements or other information that Sybase and we file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities
and Exchange Commissions public reference room at the
following location:

Public Reference Room

450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024

Washington, D.C. 20549

Please call the Securities and Exchange
Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the
public reference room. These Securities and Exchange Commission
filings are also available to the public from commercial
document retrieval services and at the Internet World Wide Web
site maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission at

http://www.sec.gov
. Reports, proxy statements
and other information concerning us may also be inspected at the
offices of The Nasdaq Stock Market at 1735 K Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20006.

Sybase has supplied all information contained in
this proxy statement relating to Sybase and we have supplied all
such information relating to us.

Our stockholders should not send in their AvantGo
certificates until they receive the transmittal materials from
the paying agent. Our stockholders of record who have further
questions about their share certificates or the exchange of our
common stock for cash should call the paying agent, whose
contact information will be included in the letter of
transmittal.

You should rely only on the information contained
in this proxy statement. We have not authorized anyone to
provide you with information that is different from what is
contained in this proxy statement. This proxy statement is dated
[Month]      , 2003. You should not
assume that the information contained in this proxy statement is
accurate as of any date other than that date. Neither the
mailing of this proxy statement to stockholders nor the issuance
of cash in the merger creates any implication to the contrary.



ANNEX A

EXECUTION COPY

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among

SYBASE, INC.

SEURAT ACQUISITION CORPORATION

and

AVANTGO, INC.

Dated as of December 19, 2002





Page

ARTICLE I THE MERGER

A-1

1.1

The Merger

A-2

1.2

Effective Time; Closing

A-2

1.3

Effect of the Merger

A-2

1.4

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of
    Surviving Corporation

A-2

1.5

Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation

A-2

1.6

Effect on Capital Stock

A-2

1.7

Dissenting Shares

A-4

1.8

Surrender of Certificates

A-4

1.9

No Further Ownership Rights in Shares

A-5

1.10

Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates

A-5

1.11

Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action

A-5

ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
    COMPANY

A-5

2.1

Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries

A-5

2.2

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

A-6

2.3

Capitalization

A-6

2.4

Authority Relative to this Agreement

A-8

2.5

No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents

A-8

2.6

Compliance; Permits

A-9

2.7

SEC Filings; Financial Statements

A-9

2.8

No Undisclosed Liabilities

A-10

2.9

Absence of Certain Changes or Events

A-10

2.10

Absence of Litigation

A-10

2.11

Employee Benefit Plans

A-11

2.12

Proxy Statement

A-14

2.13

Restrictions on Business Activities

A-14

2.14

Title to Property

A-15

2.15

Taxes

A-15

2.16

Environmental Matters

A-16

2.17

Brokers; Third Party Expenses

A-17

2.18

Intellectual Property

A-18

2.19

Contracts

A-22

2.20

Insurance

A-24

2.21

Opinion of Financial Advisor

A-24

2.22

Board Approval

A-24

2.23

Vote Required

A-24

2.24

State Takeover Statutes

A-24

2.25

Interested Party Transactions

A-24

2.26

Privacy Policies; Third Party Privacy
    Obligations; Web Site Terms and Conditions

A-24

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
    PARENT AND

    MERGER SUB

A-26

3.1

Corporate Organization

A-26

A-i



Page

3.2

Authority Relative to this Agreement

A-26

3.3

No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents

A-26

3.4

Proxy Statement

A-27

3.5

Financing

A-27

ARTICLE IV CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME

A-27

4.1

Conduct of Business by Company

A-27

ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

A-30

5.1

Proxy Statement; Board Recommendation

A-30

5.2

Meeting of Company Stockholders

A-30

5.3

Confidentiality; Access to Information

A-31

5.4

No Solicitation

A-31

5.5

Public Disclosure

A-33

5.6

Reasonable Efforts; Notification

A-33

5.7

Third Party Consents

A-34

5.8

Indemnification

A-34

5.9

Regulatory Filings; Reasonable Efforts

A-35

5.10

Termination of Certain Benefit Plans

A-35

5.11

Employee Benefits

A-35

5.12

FIRPTA Certificate

A-36

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

A-36

6.1

Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect
    the Merger

A-36

6.2

Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company

A-36

6.3

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of
    Parent and Merger Sub

A-37

ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

A-38

7.1

Termination

A-38

7.2

Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination

A-39

7.3

Fees and Expenses

A-39

7.4

Amendment

A-41

7.5

Extension; Waiver

A-41

ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS

A-42

8.1

Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties

A-42

8.2

Notices

A-42

8.3

Interpretation; Knowledge

A-42

8.4

Counterparts

A-43

8.5

Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries

A-44

8.6

Severability

A-44

8.7

Other Remedies; Specific Performance

A-44

8.8

Governing Law

A-44

8.9

Rules of Construction

A-44

8.10

Assignment

A-44

8.11

Waiver of Jury Trial

A-44

A-ii



INDEX OF EXHIBITS

Exhibit A          Form
of Company Voting Agreement

A-iii



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER is made and
entered into as of December 19, 2002 (the

Agreement
), by and among Sybase, Inc., a
Delaware corporation 
(Parent)
, Seurat
Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent 
(Merger
Sub)
, and AvantGo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the

Company
).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent,
Merger Sub and the Company have each determined that it is in
the best interests of their respective stockholders for Parent
to acquire the Company upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein.

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
(the 
Board
) has unanimously
(i) determined that the Merger (as defined in

Section 1.1
 hereof) is advisable and fair to, and in
the best interests of, the Company and its stockholders,
(ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including without
limitation the transactions contemplated by the Company Voting
Agreements (the 
Transactions
), and
(iii) determined, subject to the terms of this Agreement,
to recommend that the stockholders of the Company adopt and
approve this Agreement and approve the Merger.

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, as a condition and inducement to Parents
willingness to enter into this Agreement, all executive officers
and directors of the Company and all of their respective
affiliates, in their capacity as stockholders, are entering into
Voting Agreements in substantially the form attached hereto as

Exhibit A
 (the 
Company Voting
Agreements
), pursuant to which each such stockholder
has agreed to vote his, her or its Shares in favor of the Merger.

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, as a condition and inducement to Parents
willingness to enter into this Agreement, (i) certain
employees of the Company have accepted offers of employment with
a subsidiary of Parent, (x) which offers of employment
shall become effective immediately following the Closing (as
defined below), and (y) in connection with which each such
employee has irrevocably agreed to terminate the Retention
Agreement by and between such employee and the Company,
effective as of the Closing; (ii) each of the
Companys officers and directors who are party to a
Promissory Note with the Company has executed a consent
irrevocably granting Merger Sub, the Surviving Corporation and
Parent the absolute right to withhold, in satisfaction of any
indebtedness due and owing to the Company thereunder, an amount
equal to the aggregate principal and accrued interest amounts
then due and owing under such Notes from certain cash payments
due and owing to such officer or director pursuant to
(x) the Merger, and (y) pursuant to the retention
agreements by and between such officer or director and the
Company, as more fully described in such consent; and
(iii) each of the Companys officers and directors who
are party to a Consulting Agreement with the Company has
irrevocably agreed to terminate such Consulting Agreement
effective at or prior to the Closing (as defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
covenants, promises and representations set forth herein, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

1.1     
The Merger.

At the Effective Time (as defined in 
Section 1.2

hereof) and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law 
(Delaware Law)
, Merger Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company (the

Merger
), the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the
surviving corporation. The Company, as the surviving corporation
after the Merger, is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the

Surviving Corporation.

A-1



1.2     
Effective
Time; Closing. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement, the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to
be consummated by filing a certificate of merger (the

Certificate of Merger
) with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant
provisions of Delaware Law (the time of such filing (or such
later time as may be agreed in writing by the Company and Parent
and specified in the Certificate of Merger) being the

Effective Time
) as soon as practicable on or
after the Closing Date (as herein defined). Unless the context
otherwise requires, the term 
Agreement
 as
used herein refers collectively to this Agreement and Plan of
Merger (as the same may be amended from time to time in
accordance with the terms hereof) and the Certificate of Merger.
The closing of the Merger (the 
Closing
) shall
take place at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, Professional Corporation, One Market, Spear Tower,
Suite 3300, San Francisco, California 94105, at a time and
date to be specified by the parties hereto, which shall be no
later than the second business day after the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in 
Article VI

hereof (other than those conditions, which by their terms, are
to be satisfied or waived on the Closing Date), or at such other
time, date and location as the parties hereto agree in writing
(the 
Closing Date
).

1.3     
Effect of the
Merger. 
At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable
provisions of Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all of
the assets, properties, rights, privileges, powers and
franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the
Surviving Corporation, and all of the debts, liabilities,
obligations, restrictions and duties of the Company and Merger
Sub shall become the debts, liabilities, obligations,
restrictions and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

1.4     
Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws of Surviving Corporation.

(a) 
Certificate of Incorporation. 
As
    of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
    action on the part of Merger Sub or the Company, the Certificate
    of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended
    and restated to read the same as the Certificate of
    Incorporation of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to
    the Effective Time, subject to 
Section 5.8
 hereof,
    until thereafter amended in accordance with Delaware Law and
    such Certificate of Incorporation; 
provided, however
,
    that as of the Effective Time the Certificate of Incorporation
    shall provide that the name of the Surviving Corporation is
    AvantGo, Inc.

(b) 
Bylaws. 
As of the Effective Time,
    by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
    Merger Sub or the Company, the Bylaws of the Surviving
    Corporation shall be amended and restated to read the same as
    the Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
    Effective Time, subject to 
Section 5.8
 hereof, until
    thereafter amended in accordance with Delaware Law, the
    Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and
    such Bylaws; 
provided, however
, that all references in
    such Bylaws to Merger Sub shall be amended to refer to
    AvantGo, Inc.

1.5     
Directors and
Officers of Surviving Corporation.

(a) 
Directors. 
The initial directors
    of the Surviving Corporation shall be the directors of Merger
    Sub as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, until their
    respective successors are duly elected or appointed and
    qualified.

(b) 
Officers. 
The initial officers of
    the Surviving Corporation shall be the officers of Merger Sub as
    of immediately prior to the Effective Time.

1.6     
Effect on
Capital Stock. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of Merger Sub, the
Company or the holders of any of the following securities, the
following shall occur:

(a) 
Conversion of Shares. 
Each share
    of common stock, par value $.0001 per share, of the Company

(Shares)
 issued and outstanding immediately
    prior to the Effective Time (other than any Shares to be
    canceled pursuant to 
Section 1.6(b)
 hereof and any
    Dissenting Shares (as defined in 
Section 1.7

    hereof), will be canceled and extinguished and automatically
    converted into the right to receive, upon surrender of the
    certificate representing such Share in the manner provided in

Section 1.8

A-2



hereof (or in the case of a lost, stolen or
    destroyed certificate, upon delivery of an affidavit (and bond,
    if required) in the manner provided in 
Section 1.10

    hereof), cash, without interest, in an amount equal to
    $1.0294797 per Share (the 
Merger
    Consideration
). If any Shares outstanding immediately
    prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a
    repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition under
    any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other
    agreement with the Company 
(Unvested Shares)
,
    then the Merger Consideration issued in exchange for such
    Unvested Shares shall also be unvested and subject to the same
    repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition. The
    Merger Consideration payable upon conversion of any Unvested
    Share shall be withheld by Merger Sub and paid to each such
    holder in accordance with the vesting and other provisions set
    forth in the applicable restricted stock purchase agreement.

(b) 
Cancellation of Treasury and
    Parent-Owned Shares. 
Each Share held by the Company or owned
    by Merger Sub, Parent or any direct or indirect wholly-owned
    subsidiary of the Company or of Parent immediately prior to the
    Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any
    conversion thereof.

(c) 
Capital Stock of Merger Sub.
 Each
    share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Merger Sub
    (the 
Merger Sub Common Stock
) issued and
    outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
    converted into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
    share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the
    Surviving Corporation. Each certificate evidencing ownership of
    shares of Merger Sub Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
    to the Effective Time shall evidence ownership of such shares of
    capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

(d) 
Stock Options.

(i) At the Effective Time, each outstanding
    option to purchase Shares (a 
Company Stock
    Option
) issued pursuant to Company stock plans or
    other agreements or arrangements, whether vested or unvested,
    shall be automatically cancelled and terminated and of no
    further force or effect, and the holder thereof shall receive no
    consideration in connection with such cancellation and
    termination.

(ii) Company shall take all necessary
    actions (including providing all required notices) to ensure
    that all outstanding Company Stock Options and all Company stock
    option plans (including without limitation the 1998 Globalware
    Computing, Inc. Plan, 1997 Stock Option Plan, 2000 Stock
    Incentive Plan, 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, and the Stock Option
    Grant Program for Non-employee Directors) are terminated
    immediately prior to the Effective Time. For each holder of any
    Company Stock Option, the parties shall take steps to enable the
    holder thereof to exercise the option (including any portion
    that first becomes exercisable in connection with the Merger)
    prior to the Effective Time.

(e) 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
 As
    of January 31, 2003 (which date shall be the last day of a
    regular payroll period of the Company) (the 
ESPP
    Date
) all offering and purchase periods under way
    under the Companys Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the

ESPP
), shall be terminated and, as of the
    date of this Agreement, no new offering or purchase periods
    shall be commenced. The Company shall take all necessary action,
    including providing all required notices to participants, to
    ensure that the rights of participants in the ESPP with respect
    to any such offering or purchase periods shall be determined by
    treating the ESPP Date as the last day of such offering and
    purchase periods. The Company shall take all actions as may be
    necessary in order to freeze the rights of the participants in
    the ESPP, effective as of the date of this Agreement, to
    existing participants and, to the extent permissible under the
    ESPP, existing participation levels.

(f) 
Company Warrants.
 At the
    Effective Time, each warrant to purchase shares of Company
    common stock (each a 
Company Warrant
) shall
    be assumed by Parent and shall continue to have, and be subject
    to, the same terms and conditions set forth in the applicable
    warrant agreement immediately prior to the date hereof, except
    that such warrant will be exercisable for an amount of cash
    equal to the

A-3



product of the number of Shares that were
    issuable upon exercise of such Company Warrant immediately prior
    to the Effective Time multiplied by the Merger Consideration.

1.7     
Dissenting
Shares.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this
    Agreement to the contrary, Shares that are outstanding
    immediately prior to the Effective Time and that are held by
    stockholders who shall have not voted in favor of the Merger and
    who shall have demanded properly in writing appraisal for such
    Shares in accordance with Section 262 of Delaware Law
    (collectively, the 
Dissenting Shares
) shall
    not be converted into, or represent the right to receive, the
    Merger Consideration. Such stockholders shall be entitled to
    receive payment of the appraised value of such Shares held by
    them in accordance with the provisions of such Section 262,
    except that all Dissenting Shares held by stockholders who shall
    have failed to perfect or who effectively shall have withdrawn
    or lost their rights to appraisal of such Shares under such
    Section 262 shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted
    into, and to have become exchangeable for, as of the Effective
    Time, the right to receive the Merger Consideration, without any
    interest thereon, upon surrender, in the manner provided in

Section 1.8
 hereof, of the certificate or
    certificates that formerly evidenced such Shares.

(b) The Company shall give Parent
    (i) prompt notice of any demands for appraisal received by
    the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any other
    instruments served pursuant to Delaware Law and received by the
    Company and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations
    and proceedings with respect to demands for appraisal under
    Delaware Law. The Company shall not, except with the prior
    written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to any
    demands for appraisal or offer to settle or settle any such
    demands.

1.8     
Surrender of
Certificates.

(a) 
Paying Agent.
 Prior to the
    Effective Time, Parent shall select a bank or trust company
    reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as agent (the

Paying Agent
) for the holders of Shares to
    receive the funds to which holders of Shares shall become
    entitled pursuant to 
Section 1.6(a)
 hereof. Such
    funds shall be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by
    Parent.

(b) 
Payment Procedures.
 Promptly
    after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to
    mail to each holder of record (as of the Effective Time) of a
    certificate or certificates (the

Certificates
), which immediately prior to the
    Effective Time represented the outstanding Shares converted into
    the right to receive the Merger Consideration, (i) a letter
    of transmittal in customary form (which shall specify that
    delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
    Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates
    to the Paying Agent and shall contain such other provisions as
    Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for
    use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange
    for the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of Certificates for
    cancellation to the Paying Agent or to such other agent or
    agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter
    of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in
    accordance with the instructions thereto, the holders of such
    Certificates formerly representing the Shares shall be entitled
    to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration, and
    the Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled.
    Until so surrendered, outstanding Certificates shall be deemed
    from and after the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes,
    to evidence only the ownership of the respective Merger
    Consideration. Promptly following surrender of any such
    Certificates, the Paying Agent shall deliver to the record
    holders thereof, without interest, the Merger Consideration.

(c) 
Payments with respect to
    Unsurrendered Shares; No Liability.
 At any time following
    the 180th day after the Effective Time, the Surviving
    Corporation shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to
    deliver to it any funds which had been made available to the
    Paying Agent and not disbursed to holders of Shares (including,
    without limitation, all interest and other income received by
    the Paying Agent in respect of all funds made available to it),
    and, thereafter, such holders shall be entitled to look to the
    Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned property, escheat
    and other similar laws) only as general creditors thereof with
    respect to any Merger Consideration that may be payable upon due
    surrender of the

A-4



Certificates held by them. Notwithstanding the
    foregoing, neither Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor the
    Paying Agent shall be liable to any holder of a Share for any
    Merger Consideration delivered in respect of such Share to a
    public official pursuant to any abandoned property, escheat or
    other similar law.

(d) 
Transfers of Ownership.
 If the
    payment of the Merger Consideration is to be paid to a person
    other than the person in whose name the Certificates surrendered
    in exchange therefor are registered, it will be a condition of
    payment that the Certificates so surrendered be properly
    endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer (including
    without limitation, if requested by Parent or the Paying Agent,
    a medallion guarantee), and that the persons requesting such
    payment will have paid to Parent or any agent designated by it
    any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the payment of
    the Merger Consideration to a person other than the registered
    holder of the Certificates surrendered, or established to the
    satisfaction of Parent or any agent designated by it that such
    tax has been paid or is not applicable.

(e) 
Required Withholding.
 Each of the
    Paying Agent, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall be
    entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable
    or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any
    holder or former holder of the Shares such amounts as may be
    required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or
    under any provision of state, local or foreign tax law or under
    any other applicable legal requirement. To the extent such
    amounts are so deducted or withheld, such amounts shall be
    treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been
    paid to the person to whom such amounts would otherwise have
    been paid.

1.9     
No Further
Ownership Rights in Shares.
 Payment of the Merger
Consideration shall be deemed to have been paid in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the Shares, and there
shall be no further registration of transfers on the records of
the Surviving Corporation of the Shares which were outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective
Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation
for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided
in this 
Article I
.

1.10     
Lost, Stolen
or Destroyed Certificates.
 In the event that any
Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the
Paying Agent shall pay in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificates, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the holder thereof, the Merger Consideration payable
with respect thereto; 
provided, however
, that Parent may,
in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the payment of
such Merger Consideration, require the owner of such lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such
reasonable and customary amount as it may direct as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent with respect to the Certificates
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

1.11     
Taking of
Necessary Action; Further Action.
 If, at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to
carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the
Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession to
all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of the Company and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of the
Company and Merger Sub will take all such lawful and necessary
action.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

The Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent and Merger Sub, subject only to such exceptions as are
specifically disclosed in writing in the disclosure schedule
supplied by the Company to Parent dated as of the date hereof
and certified by a duly authorized officer of the Company (the

Company Schedule
), as follows:

2.1     
Organization
and Qualification; Subsidiaries.

(a) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries
    is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
    standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
    and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own,
    lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its
    business as it is now

A-5



being conducted. Each of the Company and its
    subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants,
    authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents,
    certificates, approvals and orders

(Approvals)
 necessary to own, lease and
    operate the properties it purports to own, operate or lease and
    to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except
    where the failure to have such Approvals would not, individually
    or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect on the Company (as defined in

Section 8.3(c)
 hereof).

(b) The Company has no subsidiaries except
    for the corporations identified in 
Section 2.1(b)
 of
    the Company Schedule. 
Section 2.1(b)
 of the Company
    Schedule also sets forth the form of ownership and percentage
    interest of the Company in its subsidiaries and, to the extent
    that a subsidiary set forth thereon is not wholly owned by the
    Company, lists the other persons or entities who have an
    interest in such subsidiary and sets forth the percentage of
    each such interest. Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries has agreed to make nor is obligated to make nor is
    bound by any written or oral agreement, contract, subcontract,
    lease, mortgage, indenture, understanding, arrangement,
    instrument, note, bond, option, warranty, purchase order,
    license, sublicense, insurance policy, benefit plan, permit,
    franchise or other instrument, obligation or commitment or
    undertaking of any nature (a 
Contract
), in
    effect as of the date hereof or as may hereafter be in effect
    under which it may become obligated to make, any future
    investment in or capital contribution to any other entity.
    Except as set forth in 
Section 2.1(b)
 of the Company
    Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
    directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar interest in or
    any interest convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for, any
    equity or similar interest in, any corporation, partnership,
    limited liability company, joint venture or other business,
    association or entity.

(c) The Company and each of its subsidiaries
    is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation, and
    is in good standing, under the laws of all jurisdictions where
    the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it
    or the nature of its activities makes such qualification
    necessary, except where failures to be so qualified and in good
    standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect on the Company.

2.2     
Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws.
 The Company has previously
furnished to Parent (i) a complete and correct copy of its
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws as amended to date
(together, the 
Company Charter Documents
) and
(ii) the equivalent organizational documents for each
subsidiary of the Company, each as amended to date. The Company
Charter Documents and equivalent organizational documents of
each subsidiary of the Company are in full force and effect. The
Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of the
Company Charter Documents, and no subsidiary of the Company is
in violation of its equivalent organizational documents.

2.3     
Capitalization

(a) The authorized capital stock of the
    Company consists of 150,000,000 shares of Company common stock,
    par value $0.0001 per share 
(Company Common
    Stock)
 and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par
    value of $0.0001 per share 
(Company Preferred
    Stock)
. At the close of business on the date of this
    Agreement (i) 35,736,977 shares of Company Common Stock
    were issued and outstanding, all of which are validly issued,
    fully paid and nonassessable; (ii) no shares of Company
    Common Stock were held by subsidiaries of the Company;
    (iii) 312,342 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
    for future issuance pursuant to the Companys ESPP;
    (iv) 821,474 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
    for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options to
    purchase Company Common Stock under the 2001 Stock Incentive
    Plan and 878,526 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
    for future issuance pursuant to the Companys 2001 Stock
    Incentive Plan; (v) 5,473,072 shares of Company Common
    Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
    outstanding options to purchase Company Common Stock under the
    2000 Stock Incentive Plan and 651,325 shares of Company Common
    Stock were reserved for future issuance pursuant to the
    Companys 2000 Stock Incentive Plan; (vi) 1,625,975
    shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon
    the exercise of outstanding options to purchase Company Common
    Stock under the 1997 Stock Option Plan and no shares are
    reserved for future issuance thereunder; (vii) 17,296
    shares of Company

A-6



Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the
    exercise of outstanding options to purchase Company Common Stock
    under the Globalware Computing, Inc. Stock Option Plan and no
    shares are reserved for future issuance thereunder; and
    (viii) 358,851 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
    for issuance upon exercise of outstanding Company Warrants.

Section 2.3
 of the Company Schedule sets forth the
    following information with respect to each Company Stock Option
    outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the name
    and address of the optionee; (ii) the particular plan
    pursuant to which such Company Stock Option was granted;
    (iii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject
    to such Company Stock Option; (iv) the exercise price of
    such Company Stock Option; (v) the date on which such
    Company Stock Option was granted; (vi) the applicable
    vesting schedule; (vii) the date on which such Company
    Stock Option expires; (viii) whether the exercisability of
    such Company Stock Option will be accelerated in any way by the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and indicates the
    extent of acceleration; and (ix) whether such Company Stock
    Option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option
    within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

Section 2.3 
of the Company Schedule sets forth the
    following information with respect to each Company Warrant
    outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the name
    and address of the holder; (ii) the number of shares of
    Company Common Stock subject to such Company Warrant;
    (iii) the exercise price of such Company Warrant; and
    (iv) the date on which such Company Warrant expires. The
    Company has made available to Parent accurate and complete
    copies of all stock option plans pursuant to which the Company
    has granted such Company Stock Options that are currently
    outstanding and the form of all stock option agreements
    evidencing such Company Stock Options. The Company has made
    available to Parent accurate and complete copies of all
    outstanding Company Warrants and agreements pursuant to which
    Company Warrants have been issued. All shares of Company Common
    Stock subject to issuance upon exercise of such Company Stock
    Options, and all shares of Company Common Stock subject to
    issuance upon exercise of such outstanding Company Warrants,
    upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the
    instrument pursuant to which they are issuable, would be duly
    authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except
    as set forth in 
Section 2.3
 of the Company Schedule,
    there are no commitments or agreements of any character to which
    the Company is bound obligating the Company to accelerate the
    vesting of any Company Stock Option as a result of the
    Transactions. All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock,
    all outstanding Company Stock Options, all outstanding Company
    Warrants and all outstanding shares of capital stock of each
    subsidiary of the Company have been issued and granted in
    compliance with (i) all applicable securities laws and
    other applicable Legal Requirements (as defined below) and
    (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable Contracts.
    For the purposes of this Agreement, 
Legal
    Requirements
 means any federal, state, local,
    municipal, foreign or other law, statute, legislation,
    constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance,
    code, edict, order, judgment, decree, rule, regulation, ruling
    or requirement issues, enacted, adopted, promulgated,
    implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the
    authority of any Governmental Entity (as defined in

Section 2.5(b)
 hereof). There are no declared or
    accrued but unpaid dividends with respect to any shares of
    Company Common Stock.

(b) The Company owns free and clear of all
    liens, pledges, hypothecations, charges, mortgages, security
    interests, encumbrances, claims, infringements, interferences,
    options, right of first refusals, preemptive rights, community
    property interests or restriction of any nature (including any
    restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction on
    the transfer of any security or other asset, any restriction on
    the possession, exercise or transfer of any other attribute of
    ownership of any asset) 
(Liens)
 directly or
    indirectly through one or more subsidiaries, all equity
    securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests
    of any subsidiary of the Company, and all securities convertible
    into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, such equity
    securities, partnership interests or similar ownership
    interests, that are issued, reserved for issuance or
    outstanding. Except as set forth in 
Section 2.3 
hereof,
    there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, equity
    securities, partnership interests or similar ownership
    interests, calls, rights (including preemptive rights),
    commitments or agreements of any character to which the Company
    or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries is bound obligating the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be
    issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise
    acquire, or cause the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of,

A-7



any shares of capital stock, partnership
    interests or similar ownership interests of the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries or obligating the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of or
    enter into any such subscription, option, warrant, equity
    security, call, right, commitment or agreement. There are no
    outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock,
    profit participation, or other similar rights with respect to
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries. There are no
    registration rights in respect of any shares of Company Common
    Stock, and except for the Company Voting Agreements, there are
    no voting trusts, proxies, rights plans, antitakeover plans or
    other agreements or understandings to which the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries is bound with respect to any class of equity
    security of the Company or with respect to any equity security,
    partnership interest or similar ownership interest of any of its
    subsidiaries.

2.4     
Authority
Relative to this Agreement.
 The Company has all necessary
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to
consummate the Transactions, subject, with respect to the
Merger, to the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the
Merger by holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares in
accordance with Delaware Law. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of
the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and no
other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are
necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the
Transactions (other than (x) with respect to the Merger,
the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by
holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares if and to the
extent required by applicable law, and (y) the filing of
the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law). This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitute legal and binding
obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws relating to
creditors rights and general principles of equity.

2.5     
No Conflict;
Required Filings and Consents.

(a) Except as set forth in

Section 2.5(a)
 of the Company Schedule, the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does
    not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will
    not, (i) conflict with or violate the Company Charter
    Documents or the equivalent organizational documents of any of
    the Companys subsidiaries, (ii) subject,
    (x) with respect to the Merger, to the approval and
    adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by holders of a
    majority of the outstanding Shares in accordance with Delaware
    Law and (y) to compliance with the requirements set forth
    in 
Section 2.5(b) 
hereof, conflict with or violate
    in any material respect any Legal Requirements applicable to the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which its or any of
    their respective properties is bound or affected, or
    (iii) conflict with or violate, or result in any breach of
    or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse
    of time or both would become a default) under, or materially
    impair the Companys or any of its subsidiaries
    rights or alter the rights or obligations of any third party
    under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
    acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a
    Lien on any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries pursuant to, any Contract to which the Company
    or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective
    properties are bound or affected, except to the extent such
    conflict, violation, breach, default, impairment or other effect
    would not in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii),
    individually or in the aggregate: (A) reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company or
    (B) prevent or materially delay consummation of the
    Transactions or otherwise prevent the parties hereto from
    performing their obligations under this Agreement.

(b) The execution and delivery of this
    Agreement by the Company does not, and the performance of this
    Agreement by the Company shall not, require any consent,
    approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or
    notification to, any court, administrative agency, commission,
    governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign (a

Governmental Entity
), except (i) for
    applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Exchange Act
    of 1934, as amended (the 
Exchange Act
), state
    securities laws 
(Blue Sky Laws)
 and state
    takeover laws, the pre-merger notification requirements of
    foreign Governmental

A-8



Entities, the rules and regulations of the
    National Market System (the 
Nasdaq
), and the
    filing and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required
    by Delaware Law and (ii) where the failure to obtain such
    consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such
    filings or notifications, (A) could not, individually or in
    the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect on the Company or, following the Effective Time, Parent,
    or prevent consummation of the Transactions or
    (B) otherwise prevent the parties hereto from performing
    their obligations under this Agreement.

2.6     
Compliance;
Permits.

(a) Except as set forth in

Section 2.6(a) 
of the Company Schedule, neither the
    Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in
    default or violation of, (i) any Legal Requirements
    applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which
    its or any of their respective properties is bound or affected,
    or (ii) any Contract to which the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries or its or any of their respective properties is
    bound or affected, except for any conflicts, defaults or
    violations that (individually or in the aggregate) would not
    cause the Company to lose any material benefit or incur any
    material liability.

(b) The Company and its subsidiaries hold
    all material permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders
    and approvals from Governmental Entities which are required for
    the operation of the business and the holding of the properties
    of the Company and its subsidiaries (each, a 
Company
    Permit
 and collectively, the 
Company
    Permits
). The Company Permits are in full force and
    effect, and the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance
    in all material respects with the terms of each of the Company
    Permits.

2.7     
SEC Filings;
Financial Statements.

(a) Except as set forth in

Section 2.7(a) 
of the Company Schedule, the Company
    has made and will make available to Parent a correct and
    complete copy of each report, schedule, registration statement
    and definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
SEC
)
    since June 8, 2000 (the 
Company SEC
    Reports
), which are all the forms, reports and
    documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC since
    June 8, 2000. The Company SEC Reports (i) were
    prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Securities
    Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (ii) did
    not at the time they were filed (and if amended or superseded by
    a filing prior to the date of this Agreement then on the date of
    such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
    omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
    necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
    the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
    None of the Companys subsidiaries is required to file any
    reports or other documents with the SEC.

(b) Each set of consolidated financial
    statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto)
    contained in the Company SEC Reports (including any Company SEC
    Report filed after the date of this Agreement):
    (i) complied and will comply as to form in all material
    respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC
    with respect thereto in effect at the time of such filing;
    (ii) was and will be prepared in accordance with United
    States generally accepted accounting principles
    (
GAAP
) applied on a consistent basis
    throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in
    the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited statements, may
    not contain footnotes as permitted by Form 10-Q of the
    Exchange Act) and each fairly presents in all material respects
    the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
    consolidated subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and
    the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for
    the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim
    financial statements were or are subject to normal year-end
    adjustments which were not or are not expected to be material in
    amount or significance.

(c) The Company has previously furnished to
    Parent a complete and correct copy of any amendments or
    modifications, which have not yet been filed with the SEC but
    which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or
    other instruments which previously had been filed by the Company
    with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

A-9



(d) As of the date of this Agreement, the
    Companys condensed consolidated cash and cash equivalents
    (calculated in accordance with the accounting policies described
    in the Companys Form 10-K filed with the SEC on
    April 1, 2002 for the fiscal year ended December 31,
    2001 (the 
2001 Form 10-K
)) is not less
    than $30,150,000.00.

2.8     
No
Undisclosed Liabilities.
 Except as set forth in

Section 2.8
 of the Company Schedule, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability,
indebtedness, obligation, expense, claim, deficiency, guaranty
or endorsement of any type (whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise) (collectively,

Liabilities
) of a nature required to be
disclosed on a balance sheet or in the related notes to the
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with
GAAP which are, individually or in the aggregate, material to
the business, results of operations, assets or financial
condition of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
except (i) Liabilities reflected in the Companys
balance sheet as of September 30, 2002 (including any
related notes thereto) (the 
Interim Balance
Sheet
), (ii) Liabilities incurred since
September 30, 2002 (the 
Interim Balance Sheet
Date
) in the ordinary course of business, none of
which individually (in the case of this clause (ii)) is material
to the business, results of operations or financial condition of
the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
(iii) Liabilities permitted under 
Section 4.1

hereof.

2.9     
Absence of
Certain Changes or Events.
 Except as set forth in

Section 2.9
 of the Company Schedule, since the
Interim Balance Sheet Date there has not been, occurred or
arisen: (i) any event or condition of any character that
has had or is reasonably expected to have Material Adverse
Effect on the Company; (ii) any declaration, setting aside
or payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in
cash, stock or property) in respect of, any of the
Companys or any of its subsidiaries capital stock,
or any purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Company
of any of the Companys capital stock or any other
securities of the Company or its subsidiaries or any options,
warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such shares or other
securities except for repurchases from employees following their
termination pursuant to the terms of their pre-existing stock
option or purchase agreements; (iii) any split, combination
or reclassification of any of the Companys or any of its
subsidiaries capital stock; (iv) any granting by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries of any increase in
compensation or fringe benefits or any payment by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries of any bonus, or any granting by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries of any increase in severance
or termination pay or any entry by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries into any currently effective employment, severance,
termination or indemnification agreement or any agreement the
benefits of which are contingent or the terms of which are
materially altered upon the occurrence of a transaction
involving the Company of the nature contemplated hereby;
(v) entry by the Company or any of its subsidiaries into
(x) any licensing or other Contract relating to the use,
acquisition or disposition of any Intellectual Property (as
defined in 
Section 2.18
 hereof) other than
(1) end-user licenses of commercially available software
applications for internal use by the Company in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, and
(2) commercial licenses of the Companys software in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
or (y) any amendment or consent with respect to any
material licensing or other Contract relating to the use,
acquisition or disposition of any Intellectual Property;
(vi) any change by the Company in its accounting methods,
principles or practices, except as required by concurrent
changes in GAAP; (vii) any revaluation by the Company of
any of its assets, including, without limitation, writing down
the value of capitalized inventory or writing off notes or
accounts receivable or any sale of assets of the Company other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice; (viii) entry by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries into any Contract filed or required to be filed by
the Company with the SEC; (ix) any negotiation or agreement
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to do any of the
things described in the preceding clauses (i) through
(viii) (other than negotiations or agreements with Parent
regarding the Transactions).

2.10     
Absence of
Litigation.
 Except (x) as set forth in

Section 2.10
 of the Company Schedule and
(y) for Actions (as defined below) against the Company or
any of its subsidiaries before any Governmental Entity or
arbitrator related to employment or personal injury matters
arising in the ordinary course of business at any time after the
date of this Agreement, which Actions are not reasonably
expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, there are no claims,
actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened (each, an 
Action
)
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their
respective properties or any of the executive officers or

A-10



directors of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, before any Governmental Entity or arbitrator.
Except as set forth in 
Section 2.10
 of the Company
Schedule, no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity
is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their
respective properties or any of the executive officers or
directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor has any
Governmental Entity indicated to the Company an intention to
conduct the same. To the knowledge of the Company, no
Governmental Entity has at any time challenged or questioned the
legal right of the Company to conduct its operations as
presently or previously conducted. The Company has provided to
Parent true, correct and complete copies of all complaints
regarding the litigation referred to in 
Section 2.10

of the Company Schedule and has made available to Parent true,
correct and complete copies of all pleadings, motions and
written correspondence regarding the litigation referred to in

Section 2.10
 of the Company Schedule.

2.11     
Employee
Benefit Plans.

(a) 
Definitions.
 With the exception
    of the definition of 
Affiliate
 set forth in

Section 2.11(a)(i)
 below (which definition shall
    apply only to this 
Section 2.11
), for purposes of
    this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set
    forth below:

(i) 
Affiliate
 shall mean
    any other person or entity under common control with the Company
    within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or
    (o) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder;

(ii) 
COBRA
 shall mean the
    Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
    amended;

(iii) 
Code
 shall mean the
    Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

(iv) 
Company Employee
    Plan
 shall mean any plan, program, policy, practice,
    contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for
    compensation, severance, termination pay, deferred compensation,
    performance awards, stock or stock-related awards, fringe
    benefits or other employee benefits or remuneration of any kind,
    whether written or unwritten or otherwise, funded or unfunded,
    including without limitation, each employee benefit
    plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA
    which is or has been maintained, contributed to, or required to
    be contributed to, by the Company or any Affiliate for the
    benefit of any Employee, or with respect to which the Company or
    any Affiliate has or may have any liability or obligation;

(v) 
DOL
 shall mean the
    Department of Labor;

(vi) 
Employee
 shall mean
    any current or former or retired employee, consultant or
    director of the Company or any Affiliate;

(vii) 
Employment
    Agreement
 shall mean each management, employment,
    severance, consulting, relocation, repatriation, expatriation,
    visas, work permit or other agreement, contract or understanding
    between the Company or any Affiliate and any Employee;

(viii) 
ERISA
 shall mean
    the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended;

(ix) 
FMLA
 shall mean the
    Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended;

(x) 
International Employee
    Plan
 shall mean each Company Employee Plan that has
    been adopted or maintained by the Company or any Affiliate,
    whether informally or formally, or with respect to which the
    Company or any Affiliate will or may have any liability, for the
    benefit of Employees who perform services outside the United
    States;

(xi) 
IRS
 shall mean the
    Internal Revenue Service;

(xii) 
Multiemployer Plan

    shall mean any Pension Plan (as defined below) which
    is a multiemployer plan, as defined in
    Section 3(37) of ERISA;

A-11



(xiii) 
Pension Plan
 shall
    mean each Company Employee Plan which is an employee
    pension benefit plan, within the meaning of
    Section 3(2) of ERISA.

(b) 
Schedule.

Section 2.11(b)
 of the Company Schedule contains an
    accurate and complete list of each Company Employee Plan,
    International Employee Plan, and each Employment Agreement. The
    Company does not have any plan or commitment to establish any
    new Company Employee Plan, International Employee Plan, or
    Employment Agreement, to modify any Company Employee Plan or
    Employment Agreement (except to the extent required by law or to
    conform any such Company Employee Plan or Employment Agreement
    to the requirements of any applicable law, in each case as
    previously disclosed to Parent in writing, or as required by
    this Agreement), or to adopt or enter into any Company Employee
    Plan, International Employee Plan, or Employment Agreement.

(c) 
Documents.
 The Company has made
    available to Parent correct and complete copies of: (i) all
    documents embodying each Company Employee Plan, International
    Employee Plan, and each Employment Agreement including (without
    limitation) all amendments thereto and all related trust
    documents, administrative service agreements, group annuity
    contracts, group insurance contracts, and policies pertaining to
    fiduciary liability insurance covering the fiduciaries for each
    Plan; (ii) the most recent annual actuarial valuations, if
    any, prepared for each Company Employee Plan; (iii) the
    three (3) most recent annual reports (Form Series 5500
    and all schedules and financial statements attached thereto), if
    any, required under ERISA or the Code in connection with each
    Company Employee Plan; (iv) if the Company Employee Plan is
    funded, the most recent annual and periodic accounting of
    Company Employee Plan assets; (v) the most recent summary
    plan description together with the summary(ies) of material
    modifications thereto, if any, required under ERISA with respect
    to each Company Employee Plan; (vi) all IRS determination,
    opinion, notification and advisory letters, and all applications
    and correspondence to or from the IRS or the DOL with respect to
    any such application or letter; (vii) all communications
    material to any Employee or Employees relating to any Company
    Employee Plan and any proposed Company Employee Plans, in each
    case, relating to any amendments, terminations, establishments,
    increases or decreases in benefits, acceleration of payments or
    vesting schedules or other events which would result in any
    material liability to the Company; (viii) all
    correspondence to or from any governmental agency relating to
    any Company Employee Plan; (ix) all COBRA forms and related
    notices (or such forms and notices as required under comparable
    law); (x) the three (3) most recent plan years
    discrimination tests for each Company Employee Plan; and
    (xi) all registration statements, annual reports
    (Form 11-K and all attachments thereto) and prospectuses
    prepared in connection with each Company Employee Plan.

(d) 
Employee Plan Compliance.
 Except
    as set forth in 
Section 2.11(d)
 of the Company
    Schedule, (i) the Company has performed in all material
    respects all obligations required to be performed by it under,
    is not in default or violation of, and has no knowledge of any
    default or violation by any other party to each Company Employee
    Plan, and each Company Employee Plan has been established and
    maintained in all material respects in accordance with its terms
    and in compliance with all applicable laws, statutes, orders,
    rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA or the
    Code; (ii) each Company Employee Plan intended to qualify
    under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to
    qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code has either
    received a favorable determination, opinion, notification or
    advisory letter from the IRS with respect to each such Company
    Employee Plan as to its qualified status under the Code,
    including all amendments to the Code effected by the Tax Reform
    Act of 1986 and subsequent legislation, or has remaining a
    period of time under applicable Treasury regulations or IRS
    pronouncements in which to apply for such a letter and make any
    amendments necessary to obtain a favorable determination as to
    the qualified status of each such Company Employee Plan;
    (iii) no prohibited transaction, within the
    meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Sections 406
    and 407 of ERISA, and not otherwise exempt under
    Section 4975 of the Code or Section 408 of ERISA (or
    any administrative class exemption issued thereunder), has
    occurred with respect to any Company Employee Plan;
    (iv) there are no actions, suits or claims pending, or, to
    the knowledge of the Company, threatened or reasonably
    anticipated (other than routine claims for benefits) against any
    Company Employee Plan or against the assets of any Company
    Employee Plan; (v) each Company Employee Plan (other than
    any

A-12



stock option plan) can be amended, terminated or
    otherwise discontinued after the Effective Time, without
    material liability to the Parent, Company or any of its
    Affiliates (other than ordinary administration expenses);
    (vi) there are no audits, inquiries or proceedings pending
    or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Affiliates,
    threatened by the IRS or DOL with respect to any Company
    Employee Plan; and (vii) neither the Company nor any
    Affiliate is subject to any penalty or tax with respect to any
    Company Employee Plan under Section 502(i) of ERISA or
    Sections 4975 through 4980 of the Code.

(e) 
Pension Plan.
 Neither the Company
    nor any Affiliate has ever maintained, established, sponsored,
    participated in, or contributed to, any Pension Plan which is
    subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the
    Code.

(f) 
Collectively Bargained, Multiemployer
    and Multiple Employer Plans.
 At no time has the Company or
    any Affiliate contributed to or been obligated to contribute to
    any Multiemployer Plan. Neither the Company, nor any Affiliate
    has at any time ever maintained, established, sponsored,
    participated in, or contributed to any multiple employer plan,
    or to any plan described in Section 413 of the Code.

(g) 
No Post-Employment Obligations.

    Except as set forth in 
Section 2.11(g)
 of the
    Company Schedule, no Company Employee Plan provides, or reflects
    or represents any liability to provide retiree health to any
    person for any reason, except as may be required by COBRA or
    other applicable statute, and the Company has never represented,
    promised or contracted (whether in oral or written form) to any
    Employee (either individually or to Employees as a group) or any
    other person that such Employee(s) or other person would be
    provided with retiree health, except to the extent required by
    statute.

(h) 
Health Care Compliance.
 Neither
    the Company nor any Affiliate has, prior to the Effective Time
    and in any material respect, violated any of the health care
    continuation requirements of COBRA, the requirements of FMLA,
    the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and
    Accountability Act of 1996, the requirements of the Womens
    Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998, the requirements of the
    Newborns and Mothers Health Protection Act of 1996,
    or any amendment to each such act, or any similar provisions of
    state law applicable to its Employees.

(i) 
Effect of Transaction.

(i) Except as set forth in

Section 2.11(i)(i)
 of the Company Schedule, the
    execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the
    Transactions will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of
    any additional or subsequent events) constitute an event under
    any Company Employee Plan, Employment Agreement, trust or loan
    that will or may result in any payment (whether of severance pay
    or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness,
    vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to
    fund benefits with respect to any Employee.

(ii) No payment or benefit which will or may
    be made by the Company or its Affiliates with respect to any
    Employee or any other disqualified individual (as
    defined in Code Section 280G and the regulations
    thereunder) will be characterized as a parachute
    payment, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of
    the Code.

(j) 
Employment Matters.
 The Company:
    (i) is in compliance in all respects with all applicable
    foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations
    respecting employment, employment practices, terms and
    conditions of employment and wages and hours, in each case, with
    respect to Employees; (ii) has withheld and reported all
    amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld and
    reported with respect to wages, salaries and other payments to
    Employees; (iii) is not liable for any arrears of wages or
    any taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the
    foregoing; and (iv) is not liable for any payment to any
    trust or other fund governed by or maintained by or on behalf of
    any governmental authority, with respect to unemployment
    compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or
    obligations for Employees (other than routine payments to be
    made in the normal course of business and consistent with past
    practice). Except as set forth in 
Section 2.11(j)
 of
    the Company Schedule, there are no pending, threatened or
    reasonably anticipated claims or actions against the Company
    under any workers compensation policy or long-term
    disability policy.

A-13



(k) 
Labor.
 No work stoppage or labor
    strike against the Company is pending, threatened or reasonably
    anticipated. The Company does not know of any activities or
    proceedings of any labor union to organize any Employees. There
    are no actions, suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances
    pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened or
    reasonably anticipated relating to any labor, safety or
    discrimination matters involving any Employee, including,
    without limitation, charges of unfair labor practices or
    discrimination complaints, which, if adversely determined,
    would, individually or in the aggregate, result in any material
    liability to the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries has engaged in any unfair labor practices within
    the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act. The Company is
    not presently, nor has it been in the past, a party to, or bound
    by, any collective bargaining agreement or union contract with
    respect to Employees and no collective bargaining agreement is
    being negotiated by the Company.

(l) 
International Employee Plan.
 Each
    International Employee Plan has been established, maintained and
    administered in compliance with its terms and conditions and
    with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutory or
    regulatory laws that are applicable to such International
    Employee Plan. Furthermore, no International Employee Plan has
    unfunded liabilities, that as of the Effective Time, will not be
    offset by insurance or fully accrued. Except as required by law,
    no condition exists that would prevent the Company or Parent
    from terminating or amending any International Employee Plan at
    any time for any reason without liability to the Company or its
    Affiliates (other than ordinary administration expenses or
    routine claims for benefits).

(m) 
WARN Act.
 The Company has
    complied with the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification
    Act of 1988, as amended 
(WARN Act)
 and all
    similar state laws including applicable provisions of the
    California Labor Code. All Liabilities relating to the
    employment, termination or employee benefits of any former
    Employees previously terminated by the Company or an Affiliate
    including, without limitation, all termination pay, severance
    pay or other amounts in connection with the WARN Act and all
    similar state laws including applicable provisions of the
    California Labor Code, shall be the responsibility of the
    Company.

2.12     
Proxy
Statement.
 Neither the proxy statement to be sent to the
stockholders of the Company in connection with the
Stockholders Meeting (as hereinafter defined) or the
information statement to be sent to such stockholders, as
appropriate (such proxy statement or information statement, as
amended or supplemented, being referred to herein as the

Proxy Statement
), shall, at the date the
Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) is
first mailed to stockholders of the Company, at the time of the
Stockholders Meeting and at the Effective Time, contain
any statement which, at the time and in light of the
circumstances under which it was made, is false or misleading
with respect to any material fact, or which omits to state any
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein
not false or misleading or necessary to correct any statement in
any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of
proxies, if any, for the Stockholders Meeting which shall
have become false or misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to
any information supplied by Parent, Merger Sub or any of
Parents or Merger Subs representatives in writing
for inclusion in the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement shall
comply in all material respects as to form with the requirements
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

2.13     
Restrictions
on Business Activities.
 There is no Contract (noncompete or
otherwise), commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree
binding upon the Company or its subsidiaries or to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party which has or could
reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or
impairing any business practice of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or the conduct of business by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries as currently conducted. Without limiting
the foregoing, except as set forth in 
Section 2.13

of the Company Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has entered into any Contract under which it is
restricted from selling, licensing or otherwise distributing any
of its technology or products to or providing services to,
customers or potential customers or any class of customers, in
any geographic area, during any period of time or in any segment
of the market.

A-14



2.14     
Title to
Property.

(a) Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries owns any real property nor have they ever owned any
    real property. 
Section 2.14(a)
 of the Company
    Schedule sets forth a list of all real property currently leased
    by the Company and any of its subsidiaries, the name of the
    lessor, the date of the lease and each amendment thereto and,
    with respect to any current lease, the aggregate annual rental
    and/or other fees payable under any such lease. All such current
    leases are in full force and effect, are valid and effective in
    accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, under
    any of such leases, any existing default or event of default (or
    event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
    constitute a default) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
    or to the Companys knowledge, any other party thereto.

(b) The Company and each of its subsidiaries
    has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased
    properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of its
    properties and assets, real, personal and mixed, used or held
    for use in its business, free and clear of all Liens except for
    (i) Liens for Taxes (as herein defined) not yet due and
    payable and (ii) statutory Liens which arise in the
    ordinary course of business, are not material in amount and do
    not materially impair the Companys or its
    subsidiaries ownership or use of such properties and
    assets.

(c) All the plants, structures and material
    equipment of the Company and its subsidiaries, are in good
    operating condition and repair, in all material respects.

2.15     
Taxes.

(a) 
Definition of Taxes.
 For the
    purposes of this Agreement, 
Tax
 or

Taxes
, means (i) any and all federal,
    state, local and foreign taxes, assessments and other
    governmental charges, duties, impositions and liabilities,
    including taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts,
    income, profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad
    valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture,
    employment, excise and property taxes, together with all
    interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such
    amounts; (ii) any liability for the payment of any amounts
    of the type described in clause (i) as a result of being a
    member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group
    for any period; and (iii) any liability for the payment of
    any amounts of the type described in clause (i) or
    (ii) as a result of any express or implied obligation to
    indemnify any other person or as a result of any obligations
    under any agreements or arrangements with any other person with
    respect to such amounts and including any liability for taxes of
    a predecessor entity.

(b) 
Tax Returns and Audits.

(i) The Company and each of its subsidiaries
    have timely filed all federal, state, local and foreign returns,
    forms, estimates, information statements and reports

(Returns)
 relating to Taxes required to be
    filed by the Company and each of its subsidiaries with any Tax
    authority, except such Returns which are not, individually or in
    the aggregate, material to the Company. The Company and each of
    its subsidiaries have paid all Taxes shown to be due on such
    Returns.

(ii) The Company and each of its
    subsidiaries as of the Effective Time will have withheld with
    respect to its employees all federal and state income Taxes,
    Taxes pursuant to the Federal Insurance Contribution Act, Taxes
    pursuant to the Federal Unemployment Tax Act and other Taxes
    required to be withheld, except such Taxes which are not,
    individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company.

(iii) Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries has been delinquent in the payment of any material
    Tax nor is there any material Tax deficiency outstanding,
    proposed or assessed against the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries, nor has the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    executed any unexpired waiver of any statute of limitations on
    or extension of any the period for the assessment or collection
    of any Tax.

(iv) Except as set forth in
    Section 2.15(b)(iv) of the Company Schedule, no audit or
    other examination of any Return of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries by any Tax authority is

A-15



presently in progress, nor has the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries been notified of any request for such an
    audit or other examination.

(v) No adjustment relating to any Returns
    filed or required to be filed by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries has been proposed in writing, formally or
    informally, by any Tax authority to the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries or any representative thereof.

(vi) Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries has any liability for any material unpaid Taxes
    (whether or not shown to be due on any Return) which has not
    been accrued for or reserved on the Companys Interim
    Balance Sheet in accordance with GAAP, whether asserted or
    unasserted, contingent or otherwise, which is material to the
    Company, other than any liability for unpaid Taxes that may have
    accrued since the Interim Balance Sheet Date in connection with
    the operation of the business of the Company and its
    subsidiaries in the ordinary course. There are no Liens with
    respect to Taxes on any of the assets of the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries, other than Liens which are not, individually
    or in the aggregate, material, or customary Liens for Taxes not
    yet due and payable.

(vii) There is no Contract, plan or
    arrangement to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
    party as of the date of this Agreement, including but not
    limited to the provisions of this Agreement, covering any
    employee or former employee of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries that, individually or collectively, would
    reasonably be expected to give rise to the payment of any amount
    that would not be deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404
    or 162(m) of the Code. There is no Contract, plan or arrangement
    to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by
    which it is bound to compensate any individual for excise taxes
    paid pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code.

(viii) Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries has filed any consent agreement under
    Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have
    Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply to any disposition of a
    subsection (f) asset (as defined in Section 341(f)(4)
    of the Code) owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(ix) Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries is party to or has any obligation under any
    tax-sharing, tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement or
    arrangement. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
    ever been a member of a group filing a consolidated, unitary,
    combined or similar Return (other than Returns which include
    only the Company and any of its subsidiaries) under any federal,
    state, local or foreign law. Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries is party to any joint venture, partnership or other
    arrangement that could be treated as a partnership for federal
    and applicable state, local or foreign Tax purposes.

(x) None of the Companys or its
    subsidiaries assets are tax exempt use property within the
    meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code.

(xi) Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries has constituted either a distributing
    corporation or a controlled corporation in a
    distribution of stock intended to qualify for tax-free treatment
    under Section 355 of the Code (x) in the two years
    prior to the date of this Agreement or (y) in a distribution
    which could otherwise constitute part of a plan or
    series of related transactions (within the meaning
    of Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the
    Transactions.

2.16     
Environmental
Matters.

(a) 
Hazardous Material.
 Except as
    would not result in material liability to the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries, no underground storage tanks and no amount of
    any substance that has been designated by any Governmental
    Entity or by applicable federal, state or local law to be
    radioactive, toxic, hazardous or otherwise a danger to health or
    the environment, including, without limitation, PCBs, asbestos,
    petroleum, urea-formaldehyde and all substances listed as
    hazardous substances pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental
    Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or

A-16



defined as a hazardous waste pursuant to the
    United States Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as
    amended, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to said laws,
    but excluding office and janitorial supplies, (a

Hazardous Material
) are present, (i) as
    a result of the actions of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries or any affiliate of the Company, or, (ii) to
    the Companys knowledge, as a result of any actions of any
    third party or otherwise, in, on or under any property,
    including the land and the improvements, ground water and
    surface water thereof, that the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries has at any time owned, operated, occupied or leased.

(b) 
Hazardous Materials Activities.

    Except as would not result in a material liability to the
    Company (in any individual case or in the aggregate)
    (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
    transported, stored, used, manufactured, disposed of, released
    or exposed its employees or others to Hazardous Materials in
    violation of any law in effect on or before the Effective Time,
    and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
    has disposed of, transported, sold, used, released, exposed its
    employees or others to or manufactured any product containing a
    Hazardous Material (collectively 
Hazardous Materials
    Activities
) in violation of any rule, regulation,
    treaty or statute promulgated by any Governmental Entity in
    effect prior to or as of the date hereof to prohibit, regulate
    or control Hazardous Materials or any Hazardous Material
    Activity.

(c) 
Permits.
 The Company and its
    subsidiaries currently hold all environmental approvals,
    permits, licenses, clearances and consents (the 
Company
    Environmental Permits
) necessary for the conduct of
    the Companys and its subsidiaries Hazardous Material
    Activities and other businesses of the Company and its
    subsidiaries as such activities and businesses are currently
    being conducted. All such Company Environmental Permits are
    valid and in full force and effect. The Company has complied in
    all material respects with all covenants and conditions of any
    such Company Environmental Permit which is or has been in force
    with respect to its Hazardous Material Activities. No
    circumstances exist which could cause any such Company
    Environmental Permit to be revoked, modified, or rendered
    non-renewable upon payment of the permit fee. All such Company
    Environmental Permits and all other consent and clearances
    required by any Environmental Law or any agreement to which the
    Company is bound as a condition to the performance and
    enforcement of this Agreement, have been obtained or will be
    obtained prior to the Effective Time at no cost to Parent.

(d) 
Environmental Liabilities.
 No
    action, proceeding, revocation proceeding, amendment procedure,
    writ or injunction is pending, and to the Companys
    knowledge, no action, proceeding, revocation proceeding,
    amendment procedure, writ or injunction has been threatened by
    any Governmental Entity against the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries in a writing delivered to the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries concerning any Company Environmental Permit,
    Hazardous Material or any Hazardous Materials Activity of the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Company has no knowledge
    of any fact or circumstance which could involve the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries in any environmental litigation or
    impose upon the Company any material environmental liability.

(e) 
Reports and Records.
 The Company
    has delivered to Parent or made available for inspection by
    Parent and its agents, representatives and employees all records
    in the Companys possession concerning the Hazardous
    Materials Activities of the Company relating to its business and
    all environmental audits and environmental assessments of any
    facility conducted at the request of, or otherwise in the
    possession of the Company. The Company has complied with all
    environmental disclosure obligations imposed by applicable law
    with respect to the Merger.

2.17     
Brokers;
Third Party Expenses.
 Except as set forth in

Section 2.17
 of the Company Schedule, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has incurred, nor will it
incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or
finders fees or agents commissions or any similar charges
in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions
contemplated hereby. The Company has heretofore furnished Parent
with a complete and correct copy of all agreements between the
Company and Alliant Partners pursuant to which such firm would
be entitled to any payment relating to the Transactions.

A-17



2.18     
Intellectual
Property.

(a) 
Definitions.
 For all purposes of
    this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following
    respective meanings:

(i) 
Intellectual Property

    shall mean any or all of the following: (a) works of
    authorship, including without limitation, computer programs,
    algorithms, routines, source code and executable code, whether
    embodied in firmware, software or otherwise, documentation,
    designs, files, records and data 
(Software)
;
    (b) inventions (whether or not patentable), improvements,
    and technology; (c) proprietary and confidential
    information, including technical data, customer and supplier
    lists and data, trade secrets, show-how, know-how and
    techniques; (d) databases, data compilations and
    collections and technical data; (e) tools, methods,
    processes, devices, prototypes, schematics, bread boards, net
    lists, mask works, test methodologies and hardware and Software
    development tools; (f) World Wide Web addresses

(WWW)
, uniform resource locators and domain
    names; and (g) all instantiations of the foregoing in any
    form and embodied in any media.

(ii) 
Intellectual Property
    Rights
 shall mean any or all of the following and all
    rights in, arising out of, or associated therewith: (a) all
    United States and foreign patents and utility models and
    applications therefor, and all reissues, divisions,
    re-examinations, renewals, extensions, provisionals,
    continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, and equivalent
    or similar rights anywhere in the world in inventions and
    discoveries, including without limitation, invention disclosures

(Patents)
; (b) all trade secrets and
    other rights in privacy, data, know-how and confidential or
    proprietary information; (c) all copyrights, copyrights
    registrations and applications therefor and all other rights
    corresponding thereto throughout the world

(Copyrights)
; (d) all industrial designs
    and any registrations and applications therefor throughout the
    world; (e) all rights in WWW addresses, uniform resource
    locators and domain names and applications and registrations
    therefor 
(Internet Properties)
; (f) all
    rights in all trade names, logos, common law trademarks and
    service marks, trademark and service mark registrations and
    applications therefor 
(Trademarks)
; and
    (g) any similar, corresponding or equivalent rights to any
    of the foregoing anywhere in the world.

(iii) 
IP Licenses
 means
    all the contracts, licenses and agreements to which the Company
    or any of its subsidiaries is a party with respect to any
    Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property Rights licensed
    to or by, or created for or by, the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries.

(iv) 
Company Intellectual
    Property
 shall mean any Intellectual Property and
    Intellectual Property Rights, including the Company Registered
    Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below), that are owned
    by, or exclusively licensed to, the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries.

(v) 
Registered Intellectual
    Property Rights
 shall mean all United States,
    international and foreign: (a) Patents, including
    applications therefor; (b) registered Trademarks,
    applications to register Trademarks, including intent-to-use
    applications, other registrations or applications related to
    Trademarks; (c) registrations of, and applications for the
    use of, Internet Properties; (d) Copyrights registrations
    and applications to register Copyrights; and (e) any other
    Intellectual Property that is the subject of an application,
    certificate, filing, registration or other document issued by,
    filed with, or recorded by, any private, state, government or
    other public legal authority or Governmental Entity at any time.

(b) 
Section 2.18(b)
 of the
    Company Schedule contains a complete and accurate list (by name
    and version number) of all products, Internet Properties,
    software or service offerings of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries (collectively, 
Company Products
)
    (i) that have been operated, sold, licensed, distributed or
    otherwise provided in the three (3)-year period preceding the
    date hereof, (ii) for which the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries has any obligation or liability related thereto, or
    (iii) which the Company or any of its subsidiaries intends
    to sell, distribute, operate, license or otherwise provide in
    the future, including any Company Products under development.

(c) 
Section 2.18(c)
 of the
    Company Schedule lists all Registered Intellectual Property
    Rights owned by, filed in the name of, or applied for, by the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries (the 
Company

A-18



Registered Intellectual Property
    Rights
) and lists any
    proceedings or actions before any court, tribunal (including the
    United States Patent and Trademark Office (the

PTO
) or equivalent authority anywhere in the
    world) related to any of the Company Registered Intellectual
    Property Rights or Company Intellectual Property.

(d) Each item of Company Registered
    Intellectual Property Right is currently in compliance with all
    formal legal requirements (including payment of filing,
    examination and maintenance fees and proofs of use) and is valid
    and subsisting. All necessary documents and certificates in
    connection with such Company Registered Intellectual Property
    Rights have been filed with the relevant patent, copyright,
    trademark, Internet, or other authorities in the United States
    or foreign jurisdictions, as the case may be, for the purposes
    of applying for, perfecting, prosecuting and maintaining such
    Registered Intellectual Property Right. Except as set forth on

Section 2.18(d)
 of the Company Schedule, there are
    no actions that must be taken by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries within one hundred twenty (120) days of the
    date hereof, including the payment of any registration,
    maintenance or renewal fees or the filing of any responses to
    PTO office actions, documents, applications or certificates for
    the purposes of obtaining, maintaining, perfecting or preserving
    or renewing any Registered Intellectual Property Rights. Neither
    the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have claimed any small
    business status in the application for or registration of any
    Registered Intellectual Property Rights that would not be
    applicable following the Effective Time.

(e) The Companys and each of its
    subsidiaries use or distribution of any data, information,
    content or other works (including data, information content or
    works belonging to third parties) does not, has not, and
    following the Transactions will not when conducted in
    substantially the same manner by the Parent: (i) infringe
    or violate the rights (including Intellectual Property Rights or
    rights under contract or policy) of any person or
    (ii) violate any law or regulation of any country or
    jurisdiction, and neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries have received any notice of any infringement or
    violation with respect thereto.

(f) In each case in which the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries have acquired any Intellectual Property or
    Intellectual Property Right from any person, the Company or such
    subsidiary has obtained a valid and enforceable assignment
    sufficient to irrevocably transfer all rights in and to all such
    Intellectual Property and the associated Intellectual Property
    Rights (including the right to seek past and future damages with
    respect thereto) to the Company or such subsidiary. To the
    maximum extent provided for by, and in accordance with,
    applicable laws and regulations, the Company or each such
    subsidiary has recorded each such assignment of a Registered
    Intellectual Property Right assigned to the Company or such
    subsidiary with the relevant Governmental Entity.

(g) Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries have any knowledge of any facts or circumstances
    that would render any Company Intellectual Property invalid or
    unenforceable, nor has the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    taken, or failed to take, any action in the application for or
    prosecution of any Company Registered Intellectual Property that
    would render such Company Registered Intellectual Property
    invalid or unenforceable.

(h) All Company Intellectual Property will
    be fully transferable, alienable and licensable by Surviving
    Corporation and/or Parent without restriction and without
    payment of any kind to any third party.

(i) Each item of Company Intellectual
    Property is free and clear of any liens or encumbrances, except
    for non-exclusive licenses granted to end-user customers in the
    ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice, the
    forms of which have been provided to Parent.

(j) The Company or one of its subsidiaries
    is the exclusive owner or exclusive licensee of all Company
    Intellectual Property. Without limiting the generality of the
    foregoing, (i) the Company or one of its subsidiaries is
    the exclusive owner of all Trademarks and Internet Properties
    used in connection with the operation or conduct of the business
    of the Company or such subsidiary, including the sale,
    distribution or provision of any Company Products and the
    operation of any WWW sites by the Company or such subsidiary,
    (ii) the Company or one of its subsidiaries owns
    exclusively, and has good title to, all

A-19



Copyrighted works that are included or
    incorporated into Company Products or which the Company or any
    such subsidiary otherwise purports to own, and (iii) to the
    extent that any Patent would be infringed by any Company
    Product, the Company or one of its subsidiaries is the exclusive
    owner of such Patent.

(k) 
Section 2.18(k)
 of the
    Company Schedule lists all IP Licenses pursuant to which the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries created or developed any
    Intellectual Property for or on behalf of any third party and
    granted such third party any exclusive rights to or joint
    ownership of such Intellectual Property or related Intellectual
    Property Rights. Except as set forth on

Section 2.18(k)
 of the Company Schedule, neither the
    Company nor any of its subsidiaries have (i) transferred
    ownership of, or granted any exclusive license of or right to
    use, or authorized the retention of any exclusive rights to use
    or joint ownership of, any Intellectual Property or Intellectual
    Property Right that is or was Company Intellectual Property, to
    any other person, or (ii) permitted Companys or such
    subsidiarys rights in such Company Intellectual Property
    to lapse or enter the public domain.

(l) Except as set forth on

Section 2.18(l)
 of the Company Schedule, all
    Intellectual Property (x) used in or necessary to the
    conduct of Companys or any of its subsidiaries
    business as presently conducted or (y) used at any time in
    the conduct of Companys or any of its subsidiaries
    business as currently contemplated by Company to be conducted,
    was written and created solely by either (i) employees of
    the Company or such subsidiary acting within the scope of their
    employment, (ii) third parties who have validly and
    irrevocably assigned all of their rights, including Intellectual
    Property Rights therein, to the Company or such subsidiary, or
    (iii) third parties who have entered into an agreement with
    the Company or one of its subsidiaries pursuant to which any
    Intellectual Property authored or created by such third party
    would be considered a work made for hire pursuant to 17 U.S.C.
     101 et seq., and no third party owns or has any rights to
    any such Intellectual Property.

(m) To the extent that any Intellectual
    Property or Intellectual Property Rights have been developed or
    created by a third party for Company or any of its subsidiaries
    or is incorporated into any of the Company Products, the Company
    or such subsidiary has a written agreement with such third party
    with respect thereto and Company or such subsidiary thereby has
    obtained, pursuant to an IP License listed on

Section 2.18(m)
 of the Company Schedule, a
    perpetual, non-terminable license (sufficient for the conduct of
    its business as currently conducted and as proposed to be
    conducted) to, all such third partys Intellectual Property
    and Intellectual Property Rights, and in each case such rights
    and licenses shall survive the Transactions and be fully
    exercisable by Parent and the Surviving Corporation following
    the Effective Time.

(n) 
Section 2.18(n)
 of the
    Company Schedule sets forth, for each Company Product,
    (i) whether use or operation of such Company Product by any
    customer or end-user on any third party hardware or software
    platform (a 
Third Party Platform
) requires
    such customer or end-user to enter into an agreement or license
    with the manufacturer of such Third Party Platform, and
    (ii) all IP Licenses entered into with such manufacturer of
    such Third Party Platform. Except as set forth on

Section 2.18(n)
 of the Company Schedule, the Company
    Intellectual Property constitutes all the Intellectual Property
    and Intellectual Property Rights used in or necessary to the
    conduct of the business of the Company and each of its
    subsidiaries as it currently is conducted, and as it is
    currently planned or contemplated to be conducted by the Company
    and each such subsidiary, including, without limitation, the
    operation, design, development, manufacture, use, import,
    distribution and sale of Company Products.

(o) No person who has licensed any
    Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property Rights to the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries has ownership rights or
    license rights to improvements made by or for the Company or any
    such subsidiary in such Intellectual Property or Intellectual
    Property Rights.

(p) Company and each of its subsidiaries has
    the right to use, pursuant to valid licenses, all data
    (including personal data of third parties), all software
    development tools, library functions, operating systems, data
    bases, compilers and all other third-party Software that are
    used in the operation of the Company and each of its
    subsidiaries or that are required to create, modify, compile,
    operate or support any software that is Company Intellectual
    Property or is incorporated into any Company Product.

A-20



(q) Except as set forth on

Section 2.18(q)
 of the Company Schedule, no open
    source or public library software, including without limitation,
    any version of any software licensed pursuant to any GNU public
    license, was used in the development or modification of any
    software that is or was Company Intellectual Property or is
    incorporated into any Company Product.

(r) No government funding, facilities of a
    university, college, other educational institution or research
    center or funding from third parties was used in the development
    of any Company Intellectual Property. No current or former
    employee, consultant or independent contractor of Company or any
    subsidiary of the Company, who was involved in, or who
    contributed to, the creation or development of any Company
    Intellectual Property, has performed services for the
    government, university, college, or other educational
    institution or research center during a period of time during
    which such employee, consultant or independent contractor was
    also performing services for Company or such subsidiary.

(s) The operation of the business of the
    Company and each subsidiary of the Company as it is currently
    conducted, or is contemplated to be conducted, by the Company
    and each such subsidiary, including but not limited to the
    design, development, use, import, branding, advertising,
    promotion, marketing, operation, manufacture and sale of Company
    Products does not and will not when conducted by Parent and/or
    Surviving Corporation (including following any merger of the
    Surviving Corporation into the Parent) in substantially the same
    manner following the Closing, infringe or misappropriate any
    Intellectual Property Right of any person, violate any right of
    any person (including any right to privacy or publicity), or
    constitute unfair competition or trade practices under the laws
    of any jurisdiction, and neither the Company nor any subsidiary
    of the Company have received notice from any person claiming
    that such operation or any act, product, technology or service
    (including products, technology or services currently under
    development) of the Company or such subsidiary infringes or
    misappropriates any Intellectual Property Right of any person or
    constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the laws
    of any jurisdiction (nor does the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries have knowledge of any basis therefor).

(t) No Company Intellectual Property or
    Company Product is subject to any proceeding or outstanding
    decree, order, judgment or settlement agreement or stipulation
    that restricts in any manner the use, transfer or licensing
    thereof by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or may affect
    the validity, use or enforceability of such Company Intellectual
    Property.

(u) 
Section 2.18(u)(i)
 of the
    Company Schedule lists all inbound IP Licenses (including
    without limitation all non-negotiated IP Licenses such as free
    downloads, shrinkwrap and click-through agreements and open
    source licenses and agreements), 
Section 2.18(u)(ii)

    of the Company Schedule lists all material outbound IP Licenses,
    and 
Section 2.18(u)(iii)
 of the Company Schedule
    lists, for each Company Product, all Intellectual Property or
    Intellectual Property Rights of a third party used in such
    Company Product and the IP License pursuant to which Company
    acquired the right to use such Intellectual Property or
    Intellectual Property Rights.

(v) All IP Licenses are in full force and
    effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in
    breach of nor have the Company or any of its subsidiaries failed
    to perform under, and neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries have received any notice of any breach or failure
    to perform under, any of the IP Licenses and, to the
    Companys and each of its subsidiaries knowledge, no
    other party to any such contract, license or agreement is in
    breach thereof or has failed to perform thereunder. The
    consummation of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    will neither violate nor result in the breach, modification,
    cancellation, termination or suspension of any IP Licenses or
    entitle the other party or parties to such IP Licenses to
    terminate such IP Licenses. Following the Closing Date, both the
    Parent and the Surviving Corporation will be permitted to
    exercise all of Companys and each of its
    subsidiaries rights under the IP Licenses to the same
    extent Company and each of its subsidiaries would have been able
    to had the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement not
    occurred and without the payment of any additional amounts or
    consideration other than ongoing fees, royalties or payments
    which Company or such subsidiary would otherwise be required to
    pay. Neither the Transactions nor any merger of the Surviving
    Company with the Parent, will result in any third party being
    granted any rights to any

A-21



Company Intellectual Property Rights that are in
    addition to, or greater than, such third party currently has
    under such IP Licenses, including any access to or release of
    any source code owned by or licensed to the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries.

(w) 
Section 2.18(w)
 of the
    Company Schedule lists all material IP Licenses between the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries and any other person wherein
    or whereby the Company or such subsidiary has agreed to, or
    assumed, any obligation or duty to warrant, indemnify,
    reimburse, hold harmless, guaranty or otherwise assume or incur
    any obligation or liability or provide a right of rescission
    with respect to the infringement or misappropriation by the
    Company or such subsidiary or such other person of the
    Intellectual Property Rights of any person other than the
    Company or such subsidiary.

(x)     To the knowledge
    of the Company and each of its subsidiaries, there are no
    contracts, licenses or agreements between the Company or any
    such subsidiary and any other person with respect to Company
    Intellectual Property under which there is any dispute regarding
    the scope of such agreement, or performance under such
    agreement, including with respect to any payments to be made or
    received by the Company or such subsidiary thereunder.

(y)     To the
    Companys and each of its subsidiaries knowledge, no
    person is infringing or misappropriating any Company
    Intellectual Property Right.

(z)     The Company and
    each of its subsidiaries have taken all steps that are
    reasonably required to protect the Companys and such
    subsidiaries rights in confidential information and trade
    secrets of the Company or such subsidiary or provided by any
    other person to the Company or such subsidiary. Without limiting
    the foregoing, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have and
    enforce a policy requiring each technical employee and
    consultant of the Company and each of its subsidiaries to
    execute a proprietary rights and confidentiality agreement
    substantially in the form set forth in

Section 2.18(z)
 of the Company Schedule and all
    current and former employees and consultants of Company and each
    of its subsidiaries who have created or modified any of the
    Company Intellectual Property have executed such an agreement
    assigning all of such employees and consultants
    rights in and to the Company Intellectual Property to the
    Company or such subsidiary.

(aa) Neither this Agreement nor the
    Transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the
    assignment to Parent or Surviving Corporation, by operation of
    law or otherwise, of any contracts or agreements to which the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, will result in
    (i) either Parents or the Surviving
    Corporations granting to any third party any right to or
    with respect to any Intellectual Property or Intellectual
    Property Right owned by, or licensed to, either of them,
    (ii) either the Parents or the Surviving
    Corporations being bound by, or subject to, any
    non-compete or other restriction on the operation or scope of
    their respective businesses, or (iii) either the Parents
    or the Surviving Corporations being obligated to pay any
    royalties or other amounts to any third party in excess of those
    payable by Parent or Surviving Corporation, respectively, prior
    to the Closing.

2.19     
Contracts.

(a) Except as set forth in

Section 2.19(a)
 of the Company Schedule, neither the
    Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by:

(i) any employment or consulting Contract
    with any officer or director, or any Company employee or
    consultant (excluding offer letters for at-will
    employees);

(ii) any Contract or plan, including,
    without limitation, any stock option plan, stock appreciation
    right plan or stock purchase plan, any of the benefits of which
    will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will be
    accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the Transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement or the value of any of the
    benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of any of the
    Transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(iii) any Contract of indemnification or any
    guaranty other than any agreement of indemnification entered
    into in connection with the sale or license of Company Products
    in the ordinary course of business;

A-22



(iv) any Contract containing any covenant
    limiting in any respect the right of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries to engage in any line of business or to compete
    with any person or granting any exclusive distribution rights;

(v) any Contract currently in force relating
    to the disposition or acquisition by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries after the Interim Balance Sheet Date of a material
    amount of assets not in the ordinary course of business or
    pursuant to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries has any
    material ownership interest in any corporation, partnership,
    joint venture or other business enterprise other than the
    Companys subsidiaries;

(vi) any dealer, distributor, joint
    marketing or development Contract currently in force under which
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries have continuing material
    obligations to jointly market any product, technology or
    service, or any Contract pursuant to which the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries have continuing material obligations to jointly
    develop any Intellectual Property that will not be owned, in
    whole, by the Company or any of its subsidiaries;

(vii) any Contract to provide source code to
    any third party for any product or technology that is material
    to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(viii) any Contract currently in force to
    license any third party to manufacture or reproduce any Company
    product, service or technology or any agreement, contract or
    commitment currently in force to sell or distribute any Company
    products, service or technology except agreements with
    distributors or sales representative in the normal course of
    business cancelable without penalty upon notice of ninety
    (90) calendar days or less and substantially in the form
    previously provided to Parent;

(ix) any mortgages, indentures, guarantees,
    loans or credit agreements, security agreements or other
    agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of money or
    extension of credit (excluding standard invoice terms for
    payment of invoices in connection with the sale of Company
    Products);

(x) any settlement agreement under which the
    Company has any ongoing obligations;

(xi) any Contract under which the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries (A) is committed to provide
    products or services at a later date at a fixed price, or
    (B) has provided products or services, but which have not
    yet been accepted thereunder;

(xii) any Contract not otherwise disclosed
    in 
Section 2.19
 of the Company Schedule under which
    the consequences of a default could reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company;

(xiii) any other Contract or commitment that
    is of the nature required to be filed by Company as an exhibit
    to an Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act; or

(xiv) any Contract involving in excess of
    $200,000.00 being paid by or to Company over the term thereof.

(b) Except as set forth in

Section 2.19(b)
 of the Company Schedule, neither the
    Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to the Companys
    knowledge any other party to a Company Contract (as defined
    below), is in breach, violation or default under, and neither
    the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written
    notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of
    the material terms or conditions of any of the Contracts or
    commitments to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
    party or by which it is bound that are required to be disclosed
    in the Company Schedule (any such Contract or commitment, a

Company Contract
) in such a manner as would
    permit any other party to cancel or terminate any such Company
    Contract, or would permit any other party to seek material
    damages or other remedies (for any or all of such breaches,
    violations or defaults, in the aggregate). The Company has made
    available to Parent true and correct copies of any Contracts the
    Company may have with its top twenty customers and suppliers.

A-23



2.20     
Insurance.

The Company maintains insurance policies and/or fidelity bonds
covering the assets, business, equipment, properties,
operations, employees, officers and directors of the Company and
its subsidiaries (collectively, the 
Insurance
Policies
) which are of the type and in amounts
customarily carried by persons conducting businesses similar to
those of the Company and its subsidiaries.

Section 2.20
 of the Company Schedule lists all such
Insurance Policies. There is no claim by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries pending under any of the Insurance Policies as
to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the
underwriters of such policies or bonds. All premiums due and
payable under all such Insurance Policies have been paid, and
the Company and each of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, is
otherwise in compliance with the terms of such Insurance
Policies. The Company does not have knowledge of any threatened
termination of, or premium increase with respect to, any such
Insurance Policies.

2.21     
Opinion of
Financial Advisor.
 The Company has been advised in writing
by its financial advisor, Alliant Partners, that in its opinion,
as of the date of this Agreement, the Merger Consideration is
fair to the stockholders of the Company from a financial point
of view.

2.22     
Board
Approval.
 The Board has, as of the date of this Agreement,
unanimously (i) determined that the Merger is advisable and
fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company and its
stockholders, (ii) approved, subject to stockholder
approval, the Transactions, and (iii) determined, subject
to the terms of this Agreement, to recommend that the
stockholders of the Company adopt and approve this Agreement and
approve the Merger.

2.23     
Vote
Required.
 The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes
that holders of the outstanding Shares are entitled to vote with
respect to the Merger is the only vote of the holders of any
class or series of the Companys capital stock necessary to
approve this Agreement and the Transactions, including the
Merger.

2.24     
State
Takeover Statutes.
 The Board has approved the Merger, this
Agreement and the Company Voting Agreements, and such approval
is sufficient to render inapplicable to the Merger, this
Agreement and the Company Voting Agreements and the Transactions
and the transactions contemplated by the Company Voting
Agreements, the provisions of Section 203 of Delaware Law
to the extent, if any, such Section is applicable to the Merger,
this Agreement and the Company Voting Agreements and the
Transactions and the transactions contemplated by the Company
Voting Agreements. No other state takeover statute or similar
statute or regulation applies to or purports to apply to the
Merger, this Agreement and the Company Voting Agreements or the
Transactions and the transactions contemplated by the Company
Voting Agreements.

2.25     
Interested
Party Transactions.
 Except as set forth in

Section 2.25
 of the Company Schedule, no officer or
director of the Company (nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
any ancestor, sibling, descendant or spouse of any of such
persons, or any trust, partnership or corporation in which any
of such persons has or has had an interest), has or has had,
directly or indirectly, (i) an interest in any entity which
furnished or sold, or furnishes or sells, services, products or
technology that the Company or any of its subsidiaries furnishes
or sells, or proposes to furnish or sell, or (ii) any
interest in any entity that purchases from or sells or furnishes
to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any goods or
services, or (iii) any interest in any entity that makes
loans to or guaranties on behalf of, or borrows or seeks
guaranties from, the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
(iv) a beneficial interest in any Contract to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party; 
provided,
however
, that ownership of no more than one percent (1%) of
the outstanding voting stock of a publicly traded corporation
shall not be deemed to be an interest in any entity
for purposes of this 
Section 2.25
.

2.26     
Privacy
Policies; Third Party Privacy Obligations; Web Site Terms and
Conditions.

(a) For purposes of this

Section 2.26:

(i) 
Company Sites
 means
    all of the Companys and its subsidiaries public
    sites on the WWW;

(ii) 
Privacy Statements

    means, collectively, any and all of the Companys and its
    subsidiaries privacy policies published on the Company
    Sites or otherwise made available by the Company or its
    subsidiaries regarding the collection, retention, use and
    distribution of the personal information of

A-24



individuals, including, without limitation, from
    visitors of any of the Company Sites

(Individuals)
; and

(iii) 
Terms and
    Conditions
 means any and all of the visitor terms and
    conditions published on the Company Sites governing
    Individuals use of an access to the Company Sites.

(b) A Privacy Statement is posted and is
    accessible to Individuals at all times on each Company Site.
    Each of the Company and its subsidiaries maintains a hypertext
    link to a Privacy Statement from the homepage of each Company
    Site, and each of the Company and its subsidiaries uses its best
    efforts to include a hypertext link to a Privacy Statement from
    every page of the Company Sites on which personal information is
    collected from Individuals.

(c) The Privacy Statements are clearly
    written and include, at a minimum, accurate notice to
    Individuals about the Companys collection, retention, use
    and disclosure policies and practices with respect to
    Individuals personal information. The Privacy Statements
    are accurate and consistent with the Terms and Conditions and
    the Companys actual practices with respect to the
    collection, retention, use and disclosure of Individuals
    personal information.

(d) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries
    (i) complies with the Privacy Statements as applicable to
    any given set of personal information collected by the Company
    and its subsidiaries from Individuals; (ii) complies with
    all applicable privacy laws and regulations regarding the
    collection retention, use and disclosure of personal
    information; and (iii) takes all appropriate industry
    standard measures to protect and maintain the confidential
    nature of the personal information provided to the Company or
    its subsidiaries by Individuals. Each of the Company and its
    subsidiaries has adequate technological and procedural measures
    in place to protect personal information collected from
    Individuals against loss, theft and unauthorized access or
    disclosure. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
    knowingly collects information from or targets children under
    the age of thirteen. Neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries sells, rents or otherwise make available to third
    parties any personal information submitted by Individuals.

(e) The Companys and each of its
    subsidiaries collection, retention, use and distribution
    of all personal information collected by the Company from
    Individuals is governed by the Privacy Statement pursuant to
    which the data was collected. Each Privacy Statement contains
    rules for the review, modification and deletion of personal
    information by the applicable Individual, and the Company and
    each of its subsidiaries is and has been at all times in
    compliance with such rules. All versions of the Privacy
    Statements used by the Company and its subsidiaries at any time
    on or after December 1, 2002 are attached hereto in

Section 2.26
 of the Company Schedule. Other than as
    constrained by the Privacy Statements and by applicable laws and
    regulations, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is
    restricted in its use and/or distribution of personal
    information collected by the Company and its subsidiaries.

(f) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries
    has the full power and authority to transfer all rights the
    Company and its subsidiaries have in all Individuals
    personal information in their possession and/or control to
    Parent and Merger Sub. The Privacy Statements expressly permit
    the transfer of all personal information collected from
    Individuals by the Company and its subsidiaries in connection
    with the merger or acquisition or sale of all or substantially
    all of the assets of the Company. The Company is not a party to
    any Contract, or is subject to any other obligation that,
    following the date of this Agreement, would prevent Parent
    and/or its affiliates from using the information governed by the
    Privacy Statements in a manner consistent with applicable
    privacy laws and industry standards regarding the disclosure and
    use of information. No claims or controversies have arisen
    regarding the Privacy Statements or the implementation thereof
    or of any of the foregoing.

(g) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries
    has complied with and is not in violation of any applicable
    privacy obligations under any Legal Requirements or under any
    Contract to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party
    or by which their properties are bound (
Third Party
    Privacy Obligations
). Neither the execution, delivery
    or performance of this Agreement nor the consummation

A-25



of the Transactions will violate, contravene or
    conflict with the Third Party Privacy Obligations. The Third
    Party Privacy Obligations expressly permit the transfer of all
    personal information collected from Individuals by the Company
    and its subsidiaries in connection with the merger or
    acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
    the Company. No claims or controversies have arisen regarding
    the Third Party Privacy Obligations or of the implementation
    thereof or of any of the foregoing.

(h) The Terms and Conditions are posted and
    are accessible to Individuals at all times on the Company Sites.
    The Terms and Conditions expressly permit the transfer of
    personal information collected from Individuals by the Company
    and its subsidiaries in connection with the merger or
    acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
    the Company. No claims or controversies have arisen regarding
    the Terms and Conditions or the implementation thereof or of any
    of the foregoing.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND
MERGER SUB

Parent and Merger Sub hereby jointly and
severally represent and warrant to the Company, as follows:

3.1     
Corporate
Organization.
 Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware and has the requisite corporate
power and authority and all necessary governmental approvals to
own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure
to be so organized, existing or in good standing or to have such
power, authority and governmental approvals would not prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Transactions, or otherwise
prevent Parent or Merger Sub from performing its material
obligations under this Agreement.

3.2     
Authority
Relative to this Agreement.
 Each of Parent and Merger Sub
has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, and to perform its obligations hereunder
and to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the consummation
by Parent and Merger Sub of the Transactions have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of Parent and Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize this
Agreement, or to consummate the Transactions (other than, with
respect to the Merger, the filing of the Certificate of Merger
as required by Delaware Law). This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the
Company, constitutes a legal and binding obligation of Parent
and Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and Merger Sub in
accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws
relating to creditors rights and general principles of
equity.

3.3     
No Conflict;
Required Filings and Consents.

(a) The execution and delivery of this
    Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub does not, and the performance
    of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub will not,
    (i) conflict with or violate the Parent Charter Documents,
    (ii) subject to compliance with the requirements set forth
    in 
Section 3.3(b)
 hereof, conflict with or violate
    any Legal Requirements applicable to Parent or by which its
    properties are bound or affected, or (iii) conflict with or
    violate, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
    event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
    default) under, or impair Parents rights or alter the
    rights or obligations of any third party under, or give to
    others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
    cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any of
    the properties or assets of Parent pursuant to any Contract to
    which Parent is a party or by which Parent or its properties are
    bound or affected, except to the extent such conflict,
    violation, breach, default, impairment or other effect could not
    in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii) individually or
    in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay consummation of
    the Transactions or otherwise prevent Parent or Merger Sub from
    performing their material obligations under this Agreement.

A-26



(b) The execution and delivery of this
    Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub does not, and the performance
    of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub shall not, require
    any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing
    with or notification to, any Governmental Entity except
    (i) for applicable requirements, if any, of the Exchange
    Act, Blue Sky Laws and state takeover laws, the pre-merger
    notification requirements of foreign Governmental Entities, the
    rules and regulations of the NYSE, and the filing and
    recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware
    Law and (ii) where the failure to obtain such consents,
    approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or
    notifications, could not, individually or in the aggregate,
    prevent or materially delay consummation of the Transactions or
    otherwise prevent Parent or Merger Sub from performing their
    material obligations under this Agreement.

3.4     
Proxy
Statement.
 The information supplied by Parent and Merger Sub
for inclusion in the Proxy Statement shall not, at the date the
Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) is
first mailed to stockholders of the Company, at the time of the
Stockholders Meeting or at the Effective Time, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not false or
misleading, or necessary to correct any statement in any earlier
communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies for
the Stockholders Meeting which shall have become false or
misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent and Merger Sub
make no representation or warranty with respect to any
information supplied by the Company or any of its
representatives for inclusion in the Proxy Statement.

3.5     
Financing.

Parent will have at the Effective Time sufficient cash or
cash-equivalent funds available to permit Merger Sub to
consummate the Transactions, including, without limitation,
acquiring all the outstanding Shares in the Merger.

ARTICLE IV

CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME

4.1     
Conduct of
Business by Company.
 During the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, the
Company and each of its subsidiaries shall, except to the extent
that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent or
refusal to grant consent shall not be unreasonably delayed),
carry on its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course
in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted and in
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, pay its
Liabilities and Taxes when due (subject to good faith disputes
over such Liabilities or Taxes), pay or perform other
obligations when due, and use its commercially reasonable
efforts consistent with past practices and policies to
(i) preserve intact its present business organization,
(ii) keep available the services of its present officers
and employees, and (iii) preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, distributors, consultants, licensors,
licensees and others with which it has significant business
dealings. In addition, the Company shall promptly notify Parent
of any material event involving its business or operations
occurring outside the ordinary course of business.

In addition, without the prior written consent of
Parent (which consent or refusal to grant consent shall not be
unreasonably delayed), except as permitted or required by this
Agreement and except as provided in 
Section 4.1
 of
the Company Schedule, during the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time,
Company shall not do any of the following and shall not permit
its subsidiaries to do any of the following:

(a) Waive any stock repurchase rights,
    accelerate, amend or change the period of exercisability of
    options or restricted stock, or reprice options granted under
    any employee, consultant, director or other stock plans or
    authorize cash payments in exchange for any options granted
    under any of such plans;

(b) Grant any severance or termination pay
    (whether in cash, stock, equity securities, or property) to any
    officer or employee except pursuant to written agreements
    outstanding on the date hereof and as previously disclosed in
    writing to Parent, or adopt any new severance plan, or amend or
    modify or alter in any manner any severance plan, agreement or
    arrangement existing on the date hereof (including without

A-27



limitation any retention, change of control or
    similar agreement), or grant any equity-based compensation,
    whether payable in cash or stock;

(c) Transfer or license to any person or
    entity or otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to the
    Company Intellectual Property, or enter into grants to transfer
    or license to any person future rights to the Company
    Intellectual Property other than non-exclusive licenses granted
    to end-users and non-exclusive distribution, reseller and
    similar commercial agreements entered into in the ordinary
    course of business and consistent with past practice;

provided 
that in no event shall the Company
    (i) license, or enter into a distribution, reseller or
    similar arrangement, on an exclusive basis, or sell, any Company
    Intellectual Property; or (ii) enter into any Contract (v)
    providing for any site licenses, (w) containing pricing or
    discounting terms or provisions other than in the ordinary
    course of business consistent with past practice,
    (x) requiring the Company to use its best
    efforts, (y) limiting the right of the Company to
    engage in any line of business or to compete with any person, or
    (z) not otherwise in compliance with

Section 4.1(d)
 hereof;

(d) Enter into any Contract
    (i) requiring the Company to purchase a minimum amount of
    products or services with aggregate commitments over the life of
    all such Contracts in excess of $50,000 individually or $200,000
    in the aggregate on a monthly basis, or (ii) requiring the
    Company to (x) provide a minimum amount of products or
    services with aggregate commitments over the life of such
    Contract in excess of $150,000, or (y) provide products or
    services at a later date at a fixed price (except as set forth
    on 
Schedule 4.1(d)(ii)(y)
 hereof);

(e) Declare, set aside or pay any dividends
    on or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock,
    equity securities or property) in respect of any capital stock
    or split, combine or reclassify any capital stock or issue or
    authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
    lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock;

(f) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire,
    directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the
    Company or its subsidiaries, except repurchases of unvested
    shares at or below cost in connection with the termination of
    the employment relationship with any employee pursuant to stock
    option or purchase agreements in effect on the date of this
    Agreement, 
provided 
that no such repurchase shall be
    permitted in the event the per share repurchase price is greater
    than the Merger Consideration;

(g) Issue, deliver, sell, authorize or
    designate (including by certificate of designation) or pledge or
    otherwise encumber, or propose any of the foregoing with respect
    to any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible
    into shares of capital stock, or subscriptions, rights, warrants
    or options to acquire any shares of capital stock or any
    securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or enter
    into other agreements or commitments of any character obligating
    it to issue any such shares or convertible securities, other
    than the issuance, delivery and/or sale of (i) shares of
    Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of Company Stock
    Options or Company Warrants outstanding as of the date of this
    Agreement, or (ii) shares of Company Common Stock issuable
    to participants in the ESPP consistent with the terms thereof
    and subject to 
Section 1.6(e)
 hereof;

(h) Cause, permit or submit to a vote of the
    Companys stockholders any amendments to the Company
    Charter Documents (or similar governing instruments of any of
    its subsidiaries);

(i) Acquire or agree to acquire by merging
    or consolidating with, or by purchasing any equity interest in
    or a portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any
    business or any corporation, partnership, association or other
    business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire
    or agree to enter into any joint ventures, strategic
    partnerships or similar alliances;

(j) Sell, lease, license, encumber or
    otherwise dispose of any properties or assets except sales of
    inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with
    past practice, and except for the sale, lease, licensing,
    encumbering or disposition (other than through licensing unless
    permitted by 
Section 4.1(c)
) of property or assets
    not in excess of $15,000 individually or $50,000 in the
    aggregate, provided such property or assets are not material,
    individually or in the aggregate, to the business of the Company
    and its subsidiaries;

A-28



(k) Grant any loans to employees, officers,
    directors or other third parties, incur any indebtedness for
    borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another
    person, issue or sell any debt securities or options, warrants,
    calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the
    Company, enter into any keep well or other agreement
    to maintain any financial statement condition or enter into any
    arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing
    other than in connection with the financing of ordinary course
    trade payables consistent with past practice;

(l) Adopt or amend any Plan or any employee
    stock purchase or employee stock option plan; or enter into any
    employment contract or collective bargaining agreement; pay any
    special bonus or special remuneration to any director or
    employee (cash, equity or otherwise); or increase the salaries
    or wage rates or fringe benefits (including rights to severance
    or indemnification) of its directors, officers, employees or
    consultants (other than the bonus amounts to be paid by the
    Company to employees who are not executive officers or
    directors, as set forth in 
Section 4.1(l)
 of the
    Company Schedule);

(m) (i) Pay, discharge, settle or satisfy
    any Liabilities, other than the payment, discharge, settlement
    or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business consistent
    with past practice or in accordance with their terms of
    Liabilities recognized or disclosed in the most recent financial
    statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the
    Company SEC Reports or incurred since the date of the Interim
    Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with
    past practices, or (ii) waive the benefits of, agree to
    modify in any manner, terminate, release any person from or
    knowingly fail to enforce the confidentiality or nondisclosure
    provisions of any Contract to which the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries is a party or of which the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries is a beneficiary;

(n) Enter into (unless otherwise permitted
    by this 
Section 4.1
), modify or amend (unless such
    amendment, if it were a new Contract, would be otherwise
    permitted by this 
Section 4.1
), or terminate any
    Contract of a nature required to be listed as a Company Contract
    in 
Section 2.19
 of the Company Schedule or waive,
    delay the exercise of, release or assign any material rights or
    claims thereunder;

(o) Except as required by GAAP, revalue any
    of its assets (including without limitation writing down the
    value of inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable
    other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
    past practice) or make any change in accounting methods,
    principles or practices;

(p) Enter into, renew or materially modify
    any Contracts relating to the distribution, sale, license or
    marketing by third parties of the products or services of the
    Company or its subsidiaries or products or services licensed by
    the Company or its subsidiaries, other than (i) renewals of
    existing Contracts on a nonexclusive basis or modifications in
    connection with renewals of existing Contracts on a nonexclusive
    basis, or (ii) new nonexclusive Contracts, either of which
    can be terminated without penalty upon notice of ninety (90)
    calendar days or less, and are otherwise in compliance with this
    Section 4.1;

(q) Make any Tax election or accounting
    method change (except as required by GAAP) that, individually or
    in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to adversely affect in
    any material respect the Tax liability or Tax attributes of the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries, settle or compromise any
    material Tax liability or consent to any extension or waiver of
    any limitation period with respect to Taxes;

(r) Other than taking any action permitted
    by 
Section 5.4(c)
 hereof, engage in any action with
    the intent to, directly or indirectly, adversely impact or
    materially delay the consummation of the Transactions;

(s) (i) Hire any employee (except that in
    the event an employee is terminated pursuant to clause (ii)
    hereof or voluntarily terminates (including by death or
    disability) his or her employment, a replacement may be engaged
    as a contractor to temporarily fill such terminated
    employees position, provided (x) such replacement may
    not be hired as an employee of the Company, (y) any
    consideration payable for services rendered by such replacement
    is of a kind and amount permitted by this

Section 4.1
, and (z) any such agreement with
    any such replacement shall be terminable, at the sole option of
    Parent, without penalty at the Effective Time), or
    (ii) terminate any employee (except for termination for

A-29



cause), or take any action that would allow any
    employee to claim a constructive termination or termination for
    good reason;

(t) Make any individual or series of related
    payments outside of the ordinary course of business (including
    payments to legal, accounting or other professional service
    advisors) in excess of $200,000 in the aggregate;

(u) Commence or settle (other then any
    settlements with all plaintiffs and all insurance companies (but
    specifically excluding any settlements with any investment banks
    or other underwriters of securities) that are covered entirely
    by the Companys insurance carrier and that do not involve
    deductible or retention payments of greater than $350,000;

provided
, that Parent shall have had an opportunity to
    review and approve any such settlements, which approval shall
    not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) any litigation (whether
    or not commenced prior to the date of this Agreement) (other
    than any litigation to enforce any of its rights under the
    Agreement);

(v) Agree in writing or otherwise to take
    any of the actions described in 
Section 4.1(a)

    through 
4.1(u)
 above.

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

5.1     
Proxy
Statement; Board Recommendation.

(a) As promptly as practicable after the
    execution of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare and file
    the Proxy Statement with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Parent
    shall provide promptly to the Company such information
    concerning itself as, in the reasonable judgment of Parent or
    its counsel, may be required or appropriate for inclusion in the
    Proxy Statement, or in any amendments or supplements thereto.
    The Company shall respond to any comments of the SEC, and shall
    use its best efforts to have Proxy Statement cleared by the SEC
    as promptly as practicable after such filing, and the Company
    shall cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to its stockholders
    at the earliest practicable time after the Proxy Statement is
    cleared by the SEC. The Company shall notify Parent promptly
    upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC or its staff and
    of any request by the SEC or its staff for amendments or
    supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information
    and shall supply Parent with copies of all correspondence
    between the Company or any of its representatives, on the one
    hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other hand, with respect
    to the Proxy Statement or the Merger. The Company shall give
    Parent and its counsel the opportunity to review the Proxy
    Statement, including all amendments and supplements thereto,
    prior to its being filed with the SEC and shall give Parent and
    its counsel the opportunity to review all responses to requests
    for additional information and replies to comments prior to
    their being filed with, or sent to, the SEC. The Company shall
    cause all documents that it is responsible for filing with the
    SEC under this 
Section 5.1(a)
 to comply in all
    material respects with all applicable requirements of law and
    the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Whenever any
    event occurs which is required to be set forth in an amendment
    or supplement to the Proxy Statement, the Company shall promptly
    inform Parent of such occurrence and file with the SEC or its
    staff and/or mail to stockholders of the Company, such amendment
    or supplement.

(b) The Proxy Statement shall include the
    unanimous recommendation of the Board in favor of adoption and
    approval of this Agreement and approval of the Merger (subject
    to the terms of 
Section 5.4(c)
 hereof).

5.2     
Meeting of
Company Stockholders.

(a) Promptly after the date hereof, the
    Company shall take all action necessary in accordance with
    Delaware Law and the Company Charter Documents to convene an
    annual or special meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of
    considering and taking action on this Agreement and the Merger
    (the 
Stockholders Meeting
), to be held
    as promptly as practicable, and in any event (to the extent
    permissible under applicable law) within thirty
    (30) calendar days after the Proxy Statement is cleared

A-30



by the SEC. Subject to the terms of

Section 5.4(c)
 hereof, the Company shall use its
    commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from its stockholders
    proxies in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement
    and the approval of the Merger and shall take all other action
    necessary or advisable to secure the vote or consent of its
    stockholders required by the rules of the Nasdaq or Delaware Law
    to obtain such approvals. Notwithstanding anything to the
    contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company may adjourn or
    postpone the Stockholders Meeting to the extent necessary
    to ensure that any necessary supplement or amendment to the
    Proxy Statement is provided to the Companys stockholders
    in advance of a vote on the Merger and this Agreement or, if as
    of the time for which the Stockholders Meeting is
    originally scheduled (as set forth in the Proxy Statement) there
    are insufficient shares of Company Common Stock represented
    (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary
    to conduct the business of the Stockholders Meeting. The
    Company shall ensure that the Stockholders Meeting is
    called, noticed, convened, held and conducted, and that all
    proxies solicited by the Company in connection with the
    Stockholders Meeting are solicited, in compliance with
    Delaware Law, the Company Charter Documents, the rules of the
    Nasdaq and all other applicable legal requirements. The
    Companys obligation to call, give notice of, convene and
    hold the Stockholders Meeting in accordance with this

Section 5.2(a)
 shall not be limited to or otherwise
    affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or
    submission to the Company of any Acquisition Proposal.

(b) Subject to the terms of

Section 5.4(c)
 hereof: (i) the Board shall
    unanimously recommend that the Companys stockholders vote
    in favor of and adopt and approve this Agreement and approve the
    Merger at the Stockholders Meeting; (ii) the Proxy
    Statement shall include (x) the fairness opinion referred
    to in 
Section 2.21
 hereof and (y) a statement
    to the effect that the Board has unanimously recommended that
    the Companys stockholders vote in favor of and adopt and
    approve this Agreement and approve the Merger at the
    Stockholders Meeting; and (iii) neither the Board nor
    any committee thereof shall withdraw, amend, change or modify,
    or propose or resolve to withdraw, amend, change or modify in a
    manner adverse to Parent, the unanimous recommendation of the
    Board that the Companys stockholders vote in favor of and
    adopt and approve this Agreement and approve the Merger. For
    purposes of this Agreement, said recommendation of the Board of
    Directors shall be deemed to have been modified in a manner
    adverse to Parent if said recommendation shall no longer be
    unanimous.

5.3     
Confidentiality;
Access to Information.

(a) The parties acknowledge that Parent and
    the Company have previously executed a Corporate Development
    Group Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement, dated as of April 30,
    2002, as amended on October 30, 2002 (as amended, the

Confidentiality Agreement
), which
    Confidentiality Agreement will continue in full force and effect
    in accordance with its terms.

(b) The Company shall afford Parent and its
    accountants, counsel, advisors and other representatives
    reasonable access during normal business hours, upon reasonable
    notice, to the properties, books, records and personnel of the
    Company during the period prior to the Effective Time to obtain
    all information concerning the business, including the status of
    product development efforts, properties, financial positions,
    results of operations and personnel of the Company, as Parent
    may reasonably request.

(c) No information or knowledge obtained by
    Parent in any investigation pursuant to this

Section 5.3
 will affect or be deemed to modify any
    representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to
    the obligations of the parties to consummate the Transactions.

5.4     
No
Solicitation.

(a) From the date hereof until the earlier
    of the approval and adoption of this Agreement and approval of
    the Merger by the Companys stockholders or the termination
    of this Agreement, the Company and its subsidiaries shall not,
    nor will they authorize or permit any of their respective
    officers, directors, affiliates or employees or any investment
    banker, attorney, accountant, or other advisor or representative
    retained by any of them (
Representatives
) to,
    directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate, knowingly or
    intentionally encourage, facilitate or induce the making,
    submission or announcement of any Acquisition Proposal (as
    defined in 
Section 5.4(d)
 hereof);
    (ii) participate in any negotiations or

A-31



discussions regarding, or furnish to any person
    any non-public information with respect to, or take any other
    action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal
    that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any
    Acquisition Proposal; (iii) subject to the terms of

Section 5.4(c)
 hereof, approve, endorse or recommend
    any Acquisition Proposal; or (iv) enter into any letter of
    intent or similar document or any Contract contemplating or
    otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction (as defined in

Section 5.4(d)
 hereof); 
provided, however
,
    that the terms of this 
Section 5.4
 shall not
    prohibit the Company from furnishing nonpublic information
    regarding the Company and its subsidiaries to, entering into a
    confidentiality agreement with or entering into negotiations or
    discussions with, any person or group in response to a
    Acquisition Proposal submitted by such person or group (and not
    withdrawn) if: (1) neither the Company nor its subsidiaries
    nor any of their respective Representatives shall have violated
    any of the restrictions set forth in this

Section 5.4
 in connection with such Acquisition
    Proposal; (2) the Board concludes in good faith, after
    consultation with its outside legal counsel, that such action is
    required in order for the Board to comply with its fiduciary
    duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable law;
    (3) (x) at least two (2) business days prior to
    furnishing any such nonpublic information to, or entering into
    negotiations or discussions with, such person or group, the
    Company gives Parent written notice of the identity of such
    person or group and of the Companys intention to furnish
    nonpublic information to, or enter into negotiations or
    discussions with, such person or group, and (y) the Company
    receives from such person or group an executed confidentiality
    agreement containing limitations on the use and disclosure of
    all nonpublic written and oral information furnished to such
    person or group by or on behalf of the Company which are no less
    favorable to the Company than the Confidentiality Agreement; and
    (4) contemporaneously with furnishing any such nonpublic
    information to such person or group, the Company furnishes such
    nonpublic information to Parent (to the extent such nonpublic
    information has not been previously furnished by the Company to
    Parent). In addition to the foregoing, the Company shall
    (i) provide Parent with at least forty-eight
    (48) hours prior written notice (or such lesser prior
    notice as provided to the members of the Board, but in no event
    less than eight hours) of a meeting of the Board at which the
    Board is reasonably expected to consider a Superior Offer and
    (ii) provide Parent with at least two (2) business
    days prior written notice of a meeting of the Board at which the
    Board is reasonably expected to recommend a Superior Offer to
    its stockholders and together with such notice a copy of any
    definitive documentation relating to such Superior Offer and
    such other documentation reflecting the terms of the Superior
    Offer as being considered by the Board. The terms of this

Section 5.4
 shall not prohibit the Company from
    taking any action necessary in order to comply with
    Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the
    Exchange Act, provided that neither the Company nor its Board
    shall, except as permitted by 
Section 5.4(c)
,
    propose to withdraw, amend, change or modify its unanimous
    recommendation of this Agreement and the Merger, or to approve
    or recommend, or propose to publicly approve or recommend, an
    Acquisition Proposal. The Company and its subsidiaries shall
    immediately cease any and all existing activities, negotiations
    or discussions with any parties conducted heretofore with
    respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Without limiting the
    foregoing, it is understood that any violation of the
    restrictions set forth in the preceding two sentences by any
    officer or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
    any Representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    shall be deemed to be a breach of this 
Section 5.4

    by the Company.

(b) In addition to the obligations of the
    Company set forth in 
Section 5.4(a)
 hereof, the
    Company as promptly as practicable shall advise Parent orally
    (within one business day) and in writing (within two business
    days) of any request received by the Company for nonpublic
    information which the Company reasonably believes would lead to
    an Acquisition Proposal or of any Acquisition Proposal, or any
    inquiry received by the Company with respect to or which the
    Company reasonably believes would lead to any Acquisition
    Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request,
    Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person
    or group making any such request, Acquisition Proposal or
    inquiry. The Company shall keep Parent informed in all material
    respects of the status and details (including material
    amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request,
    Acquisition Proposal or inquiry.

(c) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent
    the Board from withdrawing, amending, changing or modifying its
    unanimous recommendation in favor of the Transactions at any
    time prior to the approval and adoption of this Agreement and
    approval of the Merger by the Companys stockholders, but
    the

A-32



Board may do so only to terminate this Agreement
    in accordance with 
Section 7.1(e)
 hereof and only if
    (i) a Superior Offer (as defined in

Section 5.4(d)
 hereof) is made to the Company and is
    not withdrawn, and, concurrent with the termination of this
    Agreement pursuant to 
Section 7.1(e)
 hereof, the
    Board shall cause the Company to enter into a definitive
    agreement with respect to such Superior Proposal,
    (ii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor
    any of their respective Representatives shall have violated any
    of the restrictions set forth in 
Section 5.4
 hereof
    in connection with such Superior Offer, and (iii) the Board
    concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside
    counsel, that in light of such Superior Offer the withdrawal,
    amendment, change or modification of such recommendation is
    required in order for the Board to comply with its fiduciary
    duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable law.

(d) For purposes of this Agreement, (i)

Acquisition Proposal
 shall mean any offer or
    proposal (other than an offer or proposal by Parent or Merger
    Sub) relating to any Acquisition Transaction. For the purposes
    of this Agreement, (ii) 
Acquisition
    Transaction
 shall mean any transaction or series of
    related transactions other than the Transactions involving:
    (A) any acquisition or purchase from the Company by any
    person or group (as defined under Section 13(d)
    of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) of
    more than a fifteen percent (15%) interest in the total
    outstanding voting securities of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries or any tender offer or exchange offer that if
    consummated would result in any person or group (as
    defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
    rules and regulations thereunder) beneficially owning fifteen
    percent (15%) or more of the total outstanding voting
    securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
    merger, consolidation, business combination or similar
    transaction involving the Company pursuant to which the
    stockholders of the Company immediately preceding such
    transaction hold less than eighty five percent (85%) of the
    equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such
    transaction; (B) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer,
    license (other than in the ordinary course of business and
    consistent with past practice), acquisition or disposition of
    more than fifteen percent (15%) of the assets of the
    Company; or (C) any liquidation or dissolution of the
    Company, and (iii) 
Superior Offer
 shall mean
    an unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third party to
    consummate any Acquisition Proposal on terms that the Board
    determines, in its reasonable judgment (after consultation with
    a reputable financial advisor) to be more favorable to the
    Company stockholders from a financial point of view than the
    terms of the Transactions; 
provided, however
, that any
    such offer shall not be deemed to be a Superior
    Offer if any financing required to consummate the
    transaction contemplated by such offer is not committed and is
    not likely in the reasonable judgment of the Board to be
    obtained by such third party on a timely basis.

5.5     
Public
Disclosure.

(a) Parent and the Company shall consult
    with each other, and to the extent practicable, agree, before
    issuing any press release or otherwise making any public
    statement with respect to the Transactions, this Agreement or,
    except for as necessary to effect the Companys rights
    under 
Section 5.4(c)
 hereof, an Acquisition
    Proposal, and shall not issue any such press release or make any
    such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may
    be required by law or any listing agreement with a national
    securities exchange or Nasdaq, in which case reasonable efforts
    to consult with the other party will be made prior to such
    release or public statement. The parties have agreed to the text
    of the joint press release announcing the signing of this
    Agreement.

(b) Company shall consult with Parent before
    issuing any press release or otherwise making any public
    statement with respect to the Companys earnings or results
    of operations, and shall not issue any such press release or
    make any such public statement prior to such consultation.

5.6     
Reasonable
Efforts; Notification.

(a) Other than taking any action permitted
    by 
Section 5.4(c)
 hereof, upon the terms and subject
    to the conditions set forth in this Agreement each of the
    parties agrees to use all commercially reasonable efforts to
    take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to
    be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in
    doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate
    and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable,
    the Transactions, including using reasonable efforts

A-33



to accomplish the following: (i) the taking
    of all reasonable acts necessary to cause the conditions
    precedent set forth in 
Article VI
 to be satisfied,
    (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions,
    waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from
    Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary
    registrations, declarations and filings (including
    registrations, declarations and filings with Governmental
    Entities, if any) and the taking of all reasonable steps as may
    be necessary to avoid any suit, claim, action, investigation or
    proceeding by any Governmental Entity, (iii) the obtaining
    of all consents, approvals or waivers from third parties
    required as a result of the transactions contemplated in this
    Agreement, (iv) the defending of any suits, claims,
    actions, investigations or proceedings, whether judicial or
    administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation
    of the transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to
    have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any
    court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed and
    (v) the execution or delivery of any additional instruments
    reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions, and to
    fully carry out the purposes of, this Agreement. In connection
    with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its
    Board shall, if any state takeover statute or similar statute or
    regulation is or becomes applicable to the Transactions or this
    Agreement, use all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
    that the Transactions may be consummated as promptly as
    practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and
    otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation
    on the Transactions and this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
    herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall be
    deemed to require Parent or any subsidiary or affiliate of
    Parent to agree to any divestiture by itself or the Company or
    any of their respective affiliates of shares of capital stock or
    of any business, assets or property, or the imposition of any
    material limitation on the ability of any of them to conduct
    their business or to own or exercise control of such assets,
    properties and stock.

(b) The Company shall give prompt notice to
    Parent upon becoming aware that any representation or warranty
    made by it contained in this Agreement has become untrue or
    inaccurate in any material respect, or of any failure of the
    Company to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any
    covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or
    satisfied by it under this Agreement, in each case, such that
    the conditions set forth in 
Article VI
 hereof would
    not be satisfied; 
provided, however
, that no such
    notification shall affect the representations, warranties,
    covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the
    obligations of the parties under this Agreement.

5.7     
Third Party
Consents.
 As soon as practicable following the date hereof,
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
any consents, waivers and approvals under any of its or its
subsidiaries respective Contracts required to be obtained
in connection with the consummation of the Transactions,
including those set forth on 
Section 5.7
 of the
Company Schedule.

5.8     
Indemnification.

(a) From and after the Effective Time,
    Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
    fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the Company
    pursuant to any indemnification agreements between the Company
    and its directors and officers (the 
Indemnified
    Parties
) in effect on the date hereof and listed on
    the Company Schedule, and any indemnification provisions under
    the Company Charter Documents as in effect on the date hereof.
    The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving
    Corporation will contain provisions with respect to exculpation
    and indemnification that are at least as favorable to the
    Indemnified Parties as those contained in the Company Charter
    Documents as in effect on the date hereof, which provisions will
    not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of
    six (6) years from the Effective Time in any manner
    that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals
    who, immediately prior to the Effective Time, were directors,
    officers, employees or agents of the Company, unless such
    modification is required by applicable law.

(b) At any time prior to the Closing,
    Company may purchase, for a price (which shall in no event
    exceed the Cap Amount regardless of any amounts credited against
    premium payments previously paid by the Company) not to exceed
    the amount set forth on 
Section 5.8(b)
 of the
    Company Schedule (the 
Cap Amount
),
    directors and officers liability tail coverage (for
    a period of six (6) years following the Effective
    Time), covering those persons who are currently covered by the
    Companys directors and

A-34



officers liability insurance policy, on
    terms comparable to those applicable to the current directors
    and officers of the Company, and covering all periods prior to
    the Effective Time (the 
Tail Coverage
).
    Following the Closing, in the event Company shall not have
    purchased the Tail Coverage, Parent shall (or shall cause the
    Surviving Corporation to) purchase the Tail Coverage, provided
    that in no event shall Parent or the Surviving Corporation be
    required to expend in the aggregate in connection with the
    purchase of such Tail Coverage an amount in excess of the Cap
    Amount and, in the event a comparable level of directors
    and officers liability Tail Coverage is not available for
    the Cap Amount, Parent (or the Surviving Corporation, as the
    case may be) shall only be obligated to purchase such Tail
    Coverage as may be purchased for the Cap Amount.

(c) This 
Section 5.8
 is intended
    for the irrevocable benefit of, and to grant third party rights
    to, the Indemnified Parties and shall be binding on all
    successors and assigns of Parent, the Company and the Surviving
    Corporation. Each of the Indemnified Parties shall be entitled
    to enforce the covenants contained in this

Section 5.8
.

5.9     
Regulatory
Filings; Reasonable Efforts.
 As soon as may be reasonably
practicable, the Company and Parent each shall file any
appropriate pre-merger notifications under the competition laws
or regulations of any foreign jurisdiction, as reasonably agreed
by the parties to apply. The Company and Parent each shall
promptly (a) supply the other with any information which
may be required in order to effectuate such filings and
(b) supply any additional information, which reasonably may
be required by the competition or merger control authorities of
any other jurisdiction and which the parties may reasonably deem
appropriate; 
provided, however
, that Parent shall not be
required to agree to any divestiture by Parent or the Company or
any of Parents subsidiaries or affiliates of shares of
capital stock or of any business, assets or property of Parent
or its subsidiaries or affiliates or of the Company, its
affiliates, or the imposition of any material limitation on the
ability of any of them to conduct their businesses or to own or
exercise control of such assets, properties and stock.

5.10     
Termination
of Certain Benefit Plans.
 Effective no later than the day
immediately preceding the Effective Time, the Company and its
Affiliates, as applicable, shall each terminate any and all
group severance, separation or salary continuation plans,
programs or arrangements (excluding, in each case, the
agreements listed on 
Section 5.10
 of the Company
Schedule) and any and all plans intended to include a Code
Section 401(k) arrangement (unless Parent provides written
notice to the Company that such 401(k) plans shall not be
terminated) (collectively, for purposes of this
Section 5.10 
Company Employee Plans
).
Unless Parent provides such written notice to the Company, no
later than five business days prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall provide Parent with evidence that such Company
Employee Plan(s) have been terminated (effective no later than
the day immediately preceding the Effective Time) pursuant to
resolutions of the Board. The form and substance of such
resolutions shall be subject to review and approval of Parent.
The Company also shall take such other actions in furtherance of
terminating such Company Employee Plan(s) as Parent may
reasonably require.

5.11     
Employee
Benefits.
 As soon as practicable after the Effective Time,
Parent shall provide the employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries who remain employed after the Effective Time (each,
a 
Transferred Company Employee
 and
collectively, the 
Transferred Company
Employees
) with substantially similar types and levels
of employee benefits as those provided to similarly situated
employees of Parent. Parent shall treat and cause its applicable
benefit plans (with the exception of Parents sabbatical
program) to treat the service of Transferred Company Employees
with the Company or any subsidiary of the Company prior to the
Effective Time as service rendered to Parent or any affiliate of
Parent for purposes of eligibility to participate and vesting,
including applicability of minimum waiting periods for
participation, but not for benefit accrual. Parent shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to provide that no Transferred
Company Employee, or any of his or her eligible dependents, who,
at the Effective Time, are participating in the Company group
health plan shall be excluded from the Parents group plan,
or limited in coverage thereunder, by reason of any waiting
period restriction or pre-existing condition limitation;

provided 
that such Transferred Employees are based in the
United States and meet applicable actively at work requirements
as of the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent
shall not be required to provide any coverage, benefits, or
credit inconsistent with the terms of Parent benefit plans.

A-35



5.12     
FIRPTA
Certificate.
 On or prior to the Effective Time, the Company
shall deliver to Parent a properly executed statement in a form
reasonably acceptable to Parent for purposes of satisfying
Parents obligations under Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1445-2(c)(3).

5.13     
Form S-8
Filing.
 Prior to January 2, 2003, the Company shall
have filed with the SEC an effective registration statement on
Form S-8 with respect to at least 2,960,971 additional
shares of the Companys common stock issuable upon exercise
of options granted under the Companys 2000 Stock Incentive
Plan.

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

6.1     
Conditions to
Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger.
 The
respective obligations of each party to this Agreement to effect
the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to
the Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) 
Company Stockholder Approval.

    This Agreement shall have been duly approved and adopted, and
    the Merger shall have been duly approved, by the requisite vote
    under applicable law, by the stockholders of the Company.

(b) 
No Order.
 No Governmental Entity
    shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any
    statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction
    or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent)
    which is in effect and which has the effect of making the Merger
    illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger. All
    material foreign antitrust approvals required to be obtained
    prior to the Effective Time in connection with the Merger shall
    have been obtained.

(c) 
Proxy Statement.
 No order
    suspending the use of the Proxy Statement or any part thereof
    shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall
    have been initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC.

6.2     
Additional
Conditions to Obligations of Company.
 The obligation of the
Company to consummate and effect the Merger shall be subject to
the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing,
exclusively by the Company:

(a) 
Representations and Warranties.

    Each representation and warranty of Parent and Merger Sub
    contained in this Agreement (i) shall have been true and
    correct as of the date of this Agreement and (ii) shall be
    true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same
    force and effect as if made on the Closing Date except
    (A) in each case, or in the aggregate, as does not
    constitute a Material Adverse Effect on Parent and Merger Sub,
    (B) for changes contemplated by this Agreement and
    (C) for those representations and warranties which address
    matters only as of a particular date (which representations
    shall have been true and correct (subject to the qualifications
    as set forth in the preceding clause (A)) as of such particular
    date) (it being understood that, for purposes of determining the
    accuracy of such representations and warranties, all
    Material Adverse Effect qualifications and other
    qualifications based on the word material or similar
    phrases contained in such representations and warranties shall
    be disregarded. The Company shall have received a certificate
    with respect to the foregoing signed on behalf of Parent by an
    authorized officer of Parent.

(b) 
Agreements and Covenants.
 Parent
    and Merger Sub shall have performed or complied in all material
    respects with all agreements and covenants required by this
    Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or prior
    to the Closing Date, and the Company shall have received a
    certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Parent by an
    authorized officer of Parent.

A-36



6.3     
Additional
Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub.
 The
obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate and effect
the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to
the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, any of
which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by Parent:

(a) 
Representations and Warranties.

    Each representation and warranty of the Company contained in
    this Agreement (i) shall have been true and correct as of
    the date of this Agreement and (ii) shall be true and
    correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and
    effect as if made on and as of the Closing Date except
    (A) in each case, or in the aggregate, as does not
    constitute a Material Adverse Effect on the Company;
    (
provided, however,
 that such Material Adverse Effect
    qualifier shall be inapplicable with respect to the
    representations and warranties set forth in

Sections 2.3, 2.7(d), 2.10 (other than as a result of
    any litigation of the type described in clause (v) of
    Section 8.3(c)), 2.17, 2.18, 2.21, 2.22, 2.23 and 2.24

    hereof), (B) for changes contemplated by this Agreement and
    (C) for those representations and warranties which address
    matters only as of a particular date (which representations
    shall have been true and correct (subject to the qualifications
    as set forth in the preceding clause (A)) as of such
    particular date) (it being understood that, for purposes of
    determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties,
    (i) all Material Adverse Effect qualifications
    and other qualifications based on the word material
    or similar phrases contained in such representations and
    warranties shall be disregarded (other than with respect to the
    representations and warranties set forth in

Sections 2.3, 2.7(d), 2.10 (other than with respect to
    any litigation of the type described in clause (v) of
    Section 8.3(c)), 2.17, 2.18, 2.21, 2.22, 2.23 and 2.24

    hereof), and (ii) any update of or modification to the
    Company Schedule made or purported to have been made after the
    date of this Agreement shall be disregarded). Parent shall have
    received a certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on
    behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer and the
    Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

(b) 
Agreements and Covenants.
 The
    Company shall have performed or complied in all material
    respects with all agreements and covenants required by this
    Agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to
    the Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate
    to such effect signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief
    Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

(c) 
Material Adverse Effect.
 No
    Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company and its
    subsidiaries shall have occurred since the date of this
    Agreement, and Parent shall have received a certificate to such
    effect signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive
    Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

(d) 
Consents.
 The Company shall have
    obtained all consents, waivers and approvals required in
    connection with the consummation of the transactions
    contemplated hereby under the Contracts set forth on
    Section 5.7 of the Company Schedule in form and substance
    reasonably satisfactory to Parent.

(e) 
Financial Results.
 The
    Companys total revenues for the quarter ending
    December 31, 2002 (calculated in accordance with the
    accounting policies described in the Companys
    Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002
    (the 
Q3 Form 10-Q
)) shall not be less
    than 90% of the total revenues targeted for the quarter ending
    December 31, 2002 (as set forth on

Section 6.3(e)
 of the Company Schedule), and the
    Companys total costs and expenses for the quarter ending
    December 31, 2002 (calculated in accordance with the
    accounting policies described in the Q3 Form 10-Q) shall
    not be greater than 110% of the total costs and expenses
    budgeted for the quarter ending December 31, 2002 (as set
    forth on 
Section 6.3(e)
 of the Company Schedule).
    Parent shall have received a certificate to such effect signed
    on behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer and the
    Chief Financial Officer of the Company, which certificate shall
    include as an exhibit a copy of the Companys actual
    results of operations, including revenues and total costs and
    expenses, for the period ended December 31, 2002.

A-37



ARTICLE VII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

7.1     
Termination.

This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, and the Merger may be abandoned, notwithstanding
any requisite approval and adoption of this Agreement and the
Transactions by the stockholders of the Company:

(a) by mutual written consent duly
    authorized by the Boards of Directors of Parent and the Company;

(b) by either the Company or Parent if the
    Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before
    April 19, 2003 (the 
End Date
) for any
    reason; 
provided
, 
however
, that the right to
    terminate this Agreement under this 
Section 7.1(b)

    shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to
    act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure of
    the Effective Time to occur on or before such date and such
    action or failure to act constitutes a breach of this Agreement;

(c) by either the Company or Parent if a
    Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, decree or ruling
    or taken any other action, in any case having the effect of
    permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
    Merger, which order, decree, ruling or other action is final and
    nonappealable;

(d) by either the Company or Parent if the
    required approval of the stockholders of the Company
    contemplated by this Agreement shall not have been obtained by
    reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at the
    Stockholders Meeting or at any adjournment thereof;

provided, however
, that the right to terminate this
    Agreement under this 
Section 7.1(d)
 shall not be
    available to the Company where the failure to obtain the Company
    stockholder approval shall have been caused by the action or
    failure to act of the Company and such action or failure to act
    constitutes a breach by the Company of this Agreement;

(e) by the Company, upon approval of the
    Board, if the Board concludes in good faith that it is required
    to do so by its fiduciary duties to the Companys
    stockholders under applicable law, after consultation with its
    outside legal counsel in connection with entering into a
    definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, upon
    three (3) days prior written notice to Parent,
    setting forth in reasonable detail the identity of the person
    making, and the final terms and conditions of, such Superior
    Proposal; 
provided, however
, that any termination of this
    Agreement pursuant to this 
Section 7.1(e)
 shall not
    be effective until the Company has made full payment of all
    amounts provided under 
Section 7.3
 hereof.

(f) by the Company, upon a breach of any
    representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of
    Parent set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or
    warranty of Parent shall have become untrue, in either case such
    that the conditions set forth in 
Section 6.2(a)
 or

Section 6.2(b)
 hereof would not be satisfied as of
    the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or
    warranty shall have become untrue, 
provided, however
,
    that if such inaccuracy in Parents representations and
    warranties or breach by Parent is curable by Parent through the
    exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, then the
    Company may not terminate this Agreement under this

Section 7.1(f)
 for thirty (30) calendar days
    after delivery of written notice from the Company to Parent of
    such breach, provided Parent continues to exercise commercially
    reasonable efforts to cure such breach (it being understood that
    the Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this

Section 7.1(f)
 if it shall have materially breached
    this Agreement or if such breach by Parent is cured during such
    thirty (30) calendar day period);

(g) by Parent, upon a breach of any
    representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of
    the Company set forth in this Agreement, or if any
    representation or warranty of the Company shall have become
    untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in

Section 6.3(a)
 or 
Section 6.3(b)
 hereof
    would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of
    the time such representation or warranty shall have become
    untrue, 
provided, however
, that if such inaccuracy in the
    Companys representations and warranties or breach by the
    Company is curable by the Company through the exercise of its
    commercially

A-38



reasonable efforts, then Parent may not terminate
    this Agreement under this 
Section 7.1(g)
 for thirty
    (30) calendar days after delivery of written notice from
    Parent to the Company of such breach, provided the Company
    continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure
    such breach (it being understood that Parent may not terminate
    this Agreement pursuant to this 
Section 7.1(g)
 if it
    shall have materially breached this Agreement or if such breach
    by the Company is cured during such thirty (30) calendar
    day period);

(h) by Parent, upon a breach of the
    provisions of 
Section 5.4
 hereof; or

(i) by Parent if a Triggering Event (as
    defined below) shall have occurred. For the purposes of this
    Agreement, a 
Triggering Event
 shall be deemed
    to have occurred if: (i) the Board or any committee thereof
    shall for any reason have withdrawn or withheld, or shall have
    amended, changed or modified in a manner adverse to Parent its
    unanimous recommendation in favor of, the adoption and approval
    of the Agreement or the approval of the Transactions;
    (ii) the Company shall have failed to include in the Proxy
    Statement the unanimous recommendation of the Board that holders
    of Shares vote in favor of and adopt and approve this Agreement
    and approve the Merger; (iii) the Board or any committee
    thereof shall have approved or recommended any Acquisition
    Proposal; (iv) the Company shall have entered into any
    letter of intent or similar document or any Contract accepting
    any Acquisition Proposal; or (v) a tender or exchange offer
    relating to securities of the Company shall have been commenced
    by a person unaffiliated with Parent and the Company shall not
    have sent to its securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2
    promulgated under the Securities Act, within ten
    (10) business days after such tender or exchange offer is
    first published sent or given, a statement disclosing that the
    Board recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer.

7.2     
Notice of
Termination; Effect of Termination.
 Any termination of this
Agreement under 
Section 7.1
 hereof will be effective
immediately upon (or, if the termination is pursuant to

Section 7.1(f)
 or 
Section 7.1(g)
 hereof
and the proviso therein is applicable, thirty (30) calendar
days after) the delivery of written notice of the terminating
party to the other parties hereto. In the event of the
termination of this Agreement as provided in

Section 7.1
 hereof, this Agreement shall be of no
further force or effect and there shall be no liability to any
party hereunder in connection with the Agreement or the
Transactions, except (i) as set forth in

Section 5.3(a)
 hereof, this 
Section 7.2
,

Section 7.3
 hereof and 
Article VIII

hereof, each of which shall survive the termination of this
Agreement, and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any party
from liability for any intentional or willful breach of, or any
intentional misrepresentation made in this Agreement. No
termination of this Agreement shall affect the obligations of
the parties contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, all of
which obligations shall survive termination of this Agreement in
accordance with their terms.

7.3     
Fees and
Expenses.

(a) 
General.
 Except as set forth in
    this 
Section 7.3
, all fees and expenses incurred in
    connection with this Agreement and the Transactions shall be
    paid by the party incurring such expenses whether or not the
    Merger is consummated; 
provided, however
, that Parent and
    Company shall share equally all fees and expenses (other than
    the fees and expenses of attorneys and accountants) incurred in
    connection with the printing and filing with the SEC the Proxy
    Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto.

(b) 
Company Payments.

(i) The Company shall pay to Parent in
    immediately available funds, within one (1) business day
    after demand by Parent, an amount equal to $1,140,000.00 (the

Termination Fee
) if this Agreement is
    terminated by Parent pursuant to 
Section 7.1(i)

    hereof.

(ii) The Company shall pay to Parent in
    immediately available funds, concurrent with a termination by
    Company of this Agreement pursuant to 
Section 7.1(e)

    hereof, an amount equal to the Termination Fee, and no such
    termination of this Agreement shall be deemed effected until
    such time as the Termination Fee shall have been paid to Parent.

A-39



(iii) The Company shall pay Parent in
    immediately available funds, within one (1) business day
    after demand by Parent, an amount equal to the Termination Fee,
    if this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to

Section 7.1(b)
 or 
Section 7.1(d)
 hereof
    and any of the following shall occur:

(A) if following the date hereof and prior
    to the termination of this Agreement, a third party has
    announced an Acquisition Proposal and has not publicly
    definitively withdrawn such Acquisition Proposal at least five
    (5) business days prior to the earlier to occur of the End
    Date or the Stockholders Meeting, as applicable, and
    within twelve (12) months following the termination of this
    Agreement any Company Acquisition (as defined below) is
    consummated; or

(B) if following the date hereof and prior
    to the termination of this Agreement, a third party has
    announced an Acquisition Proposal and has not publicly
    definitively withdrawn such Acquisition Proposal at least five
    (5) business days prior to the earlier to occur of the End
    Date or the Stockholders Meeting, as applicable, and
    within twelve (12) months following the termination of this
    Agreement the Company enters into a letter of intent or similar
    document or any Contract providing for any Company Acquisition.

(iv) The Company shall pay to Parent in
    immediately available funds, within one (1) business day
    after demand by Parent, if this Agreement is terminated by
    Parent pursuant to 
Section 7.1(g)
 based on a failure
    to satisfy the condition set forth in 
Section 6.3(b)

    and, (x) prior to such termination, the Company has
    received, or a third party has announced, an Acquisition
    Proposal and (y) such breach is intended to or has the
    effect of facilitating such Acquisition Proposal or benefiting
    the person making such acquisition proposal without similarly
    benefiting Parent, an amount equal to the out-of-pocket fees and
    expenses incurred by Parent and Merger Sub in connection with
    the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and
    the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without
    limitation, reasonable attorney fees and expenses, reasonable
    advisor fees and expenses, travel costs, filing fees, printing,
    mailing and solicitation costs and expenses) (the

Expenses
); 
provided
, that the Company
    shall not be required, pursuant to this Section 7.3(b)(iv),
    to pay Parent for Expenses in excess of $500,000 in the
    aggregate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payment of such
    Expenses shall not constitute liquidated damages with respect to
    any claim which Parent or Merger Sub would be entitled to assert
    against the Company or its assets, or against any of the
    Companys directors, officers, employees or stockholders,
    with respect to any such breach, and shall not constitute the
    sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any such breach.

(v) The Company hereby acknowledges and
    agrees that the agreements set forth in this

Section 7.3(b)
 are an integral part of the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without
    these agreements, Parent would not enter into this Agreement.
    Accordingly, if the Company fails to pay in a timely manner the
    amounts due pursuant to this 
Section 7.3(b)
 and, in
    order to obtain such payment, Parent makes a claim that results
    in a judgment against the Company for the amounts set forth in
    this 
Section 7.3(b)
, the Company shall pay to Parent
    its reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable
    attorneys fees and expenses) in connection with such suit,
    together with interest on the amounts set forth in this

Section 7.3(b)
 at the prime rate of The Chase
    Manhattan Bank in effect on the date such payment was required
    to be made; 
provided, however
, that if Parent makes a
    claim for the amounts set forth in this

Section 7.3(b)
 that results in a judgment against
    Parent, Parent shall pay to the Company its reasonable costs and
    expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and
    expenses) in connection with such suit. Payment of the fees
    described in this 
Section 7.3(b)
 shall not be in
    lieu of damages incurred in the event of any intentional or
    willful breach of, or any intentional misrepresentation made in,
    this Agreement.

(vi) Notwithstanding anything to the
    contrary set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties hereto
    hereby expressly acknowledges and hereby agrees that, with
    respect to any termination of this Agreement pursuant to

Section 7.1
 hereof (other than a termination based
    upon the willful or intentional breach of, or any intentional
    misrepresentation made in, this Agreement) under

A-40



circumstances in which the Termination Fee is
    payable pursuant to this 
Section 7.3(b)
, payment of
    the Termination Fee shall constitute liquidated damages with
    respect to any claim for damages or any other claim which Parent
    or Merger Sub would otherwise be entitled to assert against the
    Company or its assets, or against any of the Companys
    directors, officers, employees or stockholders, with respect to
    any such termination of this Agreement, and shall constitute the
    sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any such termination
    of this Agreement. The parties hereto expressly acknowledge and
    agree that, in light of the difficulty of accurately determining
    actual damages with respect to the foregoing upon any such
    termination of this Agreement pursuant to

Section 7.1
 hereof (other than a termination based
    upon the willful or intentional breach of, or any intentional
    misrepresentation made in, this Agreement) under circumstances
    in which the Termination Fee is payable pursuant to this

Section 7.3(b)
, the right to such payment:
    (A) constitutes a reasonable estimate of the damages that
    will be suffered by reason of any such termination this
    Agreement and (B) shall be in full and complete
    satisfaction of any and all damages arising as a result of any
    such termination of this Agreement. Except for nonpayment of the
    Termination Fee pursuant to this 
Section 7.3(b)
 the
    parties hereto hereby agree that, upon any termination of this
    Agreement pursuant to 
Section 7.1
 hereof (other than
    a termination based upon the willful or intentional breach of,
    or any intentional misrepresentation made in, this Agreement)
    under circumstances in which the Termination Fee is payable
    pursuant to this 
Section 7.3(b)
, in no event shall
    Parent or Merger Sub be entitled to seek or to obtain any
    recovery or judgment against the Company or any subsidiaries of
    the Company or any of their respective assets, or against any of
    their respective directors, officers, employees or stockholders
    for any such termination of this Agreement, and in no event
    shall Parent or Merger Sub be entitled to seek or obtain any
    other damages of any kind, including, without limitation,
    consequential, special, indirect or punitive damages, for any
    such termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
    foregoing, payment of the Termination Fee pursuant to this

Section 7.3(b)
 shall not constitute liquidated
    damages with respect to any claim for damages or any other claim
    which Parent or Merger Sub would be entitled to assert against
    the Company or its assets, or against any of the Companys
    directors, officers, employees or stockholders, with respect to
    any such termination of this Agreement based upon the willful or
    intentional breach or intentional misrepresentation of any
    representations, warranties or covenants of the Company in this
    Agreement, and shall not constitute the sole and exclusive
    remedy with respect to any such termination of this Agreement
    based upon the willful or intentional breach or
    misrepresentation of any of the representations, warranties or
    covenants of the Company in this Agreement.

(vii) For the purposes of this Agreement,

Company Acquisition
 shall mean any of the
    following transactions (other than the transactions contemplated
    by this Agreement): (i) a merger, consolidation, business
    combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or
    similar transaction involving the Company pursuant to which the
    stockholders of the Company immediately preceding such
    transaction hold less than a majority of the aggregate equity
    interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such
    transaction, (ii) a sale or other disposition by the
    Company of assets representing in excess of a majority of the
    aggregate fair market value of the Companys business
    immediately prior to such sale or (iii) the acquisition by
    any person or group (including by way of a tender offer or an
    exchange offer or issuance by the Company), directly or
    indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire
    beneficial ownership of shares representing in excess of a
    majority of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of
    capital stock of the Company.

7.4     
Amendment.

Subject to applicable law, this Agreement may be amended by the
parties hereto at any time by execution of an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of Parent and the Company.

7.5     
Extension;
Waiver.
 At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party
hereto may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the
time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties made to such party contained
herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and
(iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions for the benefit of such party contained herein;

provided 
that 
Section 6.1(a)
 may not be
waived without the express written consent of Parent. Any
agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such

A-41



extension or waiver shall be valid only if set
forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such
party. Delay in exercising any right under this Agreement shall
not constitute a waiver of such right.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

8.1     
Non-Survival
of Representations and Warranties.
 The representations and
warranties of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub contained in
this Agreement shall terminate at the Effective Time, and only
the covenants that by their terms survive the Effective Time
shall survive the Effective Time.

8.2     
Notices.

All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or by
commercial delivery service, or sent via telecopy (receipt
confirmed) to the parties at the following addresses or telecopy
numbers (or at such other address or telecopy numbers for a
party as shall be specified by like notice):

(a) 

if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:

Sybase, Inc.

One, Sybase Drive

Dublin, California 94568

Attention: Dan Carl, General Counsel

Telephone No.: 925-236-5000

Telecopy No.: 925-236-6823

with a copy to:

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

Professional Corporation

One Market, Spear Tower, Suite 3300

San Francisco, California 94105

Attention:     Michael
J. Kennedy, Esq.

             Michael
S. Dorf, Esq.

Telephone
No.:     (415) 947-2000

Telecopy
No.:     (415) 947-2099

(b) 

if to the Company, to:

AvantGo, Inc.

25881 Industrial Boulevard

Hayward, California 94545

Attention:     Mark
Cochran, General Counsel

Telephone
No.:     510-259-4000

Telecopy
No.:     510-256-4999

with a copy to:

Gray Cary Ware & Friedrich

400 Hamilton Avenue

Palo Alto, California 94301

Attn:     Bruce E.
Schaeffer, Esq.

       Gregory
M. Gallo, Esq.

Telephone
No.:     (650) 833-2000

Telecopy
No.:     (650) 833-2001

8.3     
Interpretation;
Knowledge.

(a) When a reference is made in this
    Agreement to Exhibits, such reference shall be to an Exhibit to
    this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. When a reference is
    made in this Agreement to Sections,

A-42



such reference shall be to a Section of this
    Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated
    the words include, includes and
    including when used herein shall be deemed in each
    case to be followed by the words without limitation.
    The  and headings contained in this Agreement
    are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way
    the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. When reference
    is made herein to the business of an entity, such
    reference shall be deemed to include the business of all direct
    and indirect subsidiaries of such entity. Reference to the
    subsidiaries of an entity shall be deemed to include all direct
    and indirect subsidiaries of such entity.

(b) For purposes of this Agreement, the term

knowledge
 means with respect to a party
    hereto, with respect to any matter in question, that any of the
    executive officers or directors of such party has actual
    knowledge of such matter; 
provided 
that with respect to
    any executive officer, such executive officer shall have made
    reasonable due and diligent inquiry of the employees responsible
    for such matter in question; and 
provided, further
, that
    if any executive officer does not make such reasonable due and
    diligent inquiry, then such executive officer shall be deemed to
    have actual knowledge of those facts or matters that such
    executive officer would have had, had he or she made such
    inquiry.

(c) For purposes of this Agreement, the term

Material Adverse Effect
 when used (x) in
    connection with the Company shall mean the requirement to
    restate and/or the restatement of any Company SEC Report, and
    (y) when used in connection with any entity means any
    change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect,
    individually or when aggregated with other changes, events,
    violations, inaccuracies, circumstances or effects, that is
    materially adverse to the business, assets (including intangible
    assets), capitalization, financial condition or results of
    operations of such entity and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
    or the ability of such entity to perform its obligations under
    this Agreement and timely consummate the Transactions;

provided, however
, none of the following shall be deemed
    in themselves, either alone or in combination, to constitute,
    and none of the following shall be taken into account in
    determining whether there has been or will be, a Material
    Adverse Effect on the Company: (i) any change in the market
    price or trading volume of the Shares after the date hereof;
    (ii) any failure by the Company to meet internal
    projections or forecasts or published revenue or earnings
    predictions for any period ending (or for which revenues or
    earnings are released) on or after the date of this Agreement;
    (iii) any adverse change, event, violation, inaccuracy,
    circumstance or effect that results from the loss, diminution or
    disruption of the Companys existing or prospective
    customer, distributor or supplier relationships that the Company
    successfully bears the burden of proving directly results from
    or is directly attributable to the public announcement or
    pendency of the Merger; (iv) any adverse change, event,
    violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that the Company
    successfully bears the burden of proving results from or is
    attributable to conditions affecting the industries in which the
    Company participates, the United States economy as a whole, or
    foreign economies in any locations where the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries has material operations or sales (which changes
    in each case do not disproportionately affect the Company or its
    subsidiaries, as the case may be); (v) the institution of
    litigation against the Company or any of its officers or
    directors alleging breach of their fiduciary duties in
    connection with the Companys entry into this Agreement; or
    (vi) any adverse change, event, violation, inaccuracy,
    circumstance or effect resulting from Companys compliance
    with the terms of, or the taking of any action required by, this
    Agreement.

(d) For purposes of this Agreement, the term

person
 shall mean any individual, corporation
    (including any non-profit corporation), general partnership,
    limited partnership, limited liability partnership, joint
    venture, estate, trust, company (including any limited liability
    company or joint stock company), firm or other enterprise,
    association, organization, entity or Governmental Entity.

8.4     
Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all
of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been
signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that all parties need not sign the same
counterpart.

A-43



8.5     
Entire
Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.
 This Agreement and the
documents and instruments and other agreements among the parties
hereto as contemplated by or referred to herein, including the
Company Schedule, (a) constitute the entire agreement among
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written
and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof, it being understood that the Confidentiality Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect and shall survive any
termination of this Agreement; and (b) are not intended to
confer upon any other person any rights or remedies hereunder,
except as specifically provided in 
Section 5.8

hereof.

8.6     
Severability.

In the event that any provision of this Agreement, or the
application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the
remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and
effect and the application of such provision to other persons or
circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the
intent of the parties hereto. The parties further agree to
replace such void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement
with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the
extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of
such void or unenforceable provision.

8.7     
Other
Remedies; Specific Performance.
 Except as otherwise provided
herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a
party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any
other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such
party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not
preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The parties hereto
agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any
of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached.
It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to
seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
hereof in any court of the United States or any state having
jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity.

8.8     
Governing
Law.
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles
of conflicts of law thereof.

8.9     
Rules of
Construction.
 The parties hereto agree that they have been
represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of
this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law,
regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that
ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed
against the party drafting such agreement or document.

8.10     
Assignment.

No party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights,
interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
approval of the other parties. Subject to the preceding
sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.

8.11     
Waiver of
Jury Trial.
 EACH OF PARENT, COMPANY AND MERGER SUB HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
ACTIONS OF PARENT, COMPANY OR MERGER SUB IN THE NEGOTIATION,
ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank]

A-44



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement and Plan of Merger to be executed by their
duly authorized respective officers as of the date first written
above.

SYBASE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SEURAT ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

AVANTGO, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of
Merger]

A-45



EXHIBIT A

FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT

THIS VOTING AGREEMENT (this

Agreement
) is made and entered into as of
December 19, 2002 by and between Sybase, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (
Parent
), and the undersigned
stockholder and/or option holder (the

Stockholder
) of AvantGo, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company).

RECITALS:

A.     Parent, the
Company and Merger Sub (as defined below) have entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 
Merger
Agreement
), which provides for the merger (the

Merger
) of a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent (
Merger Sub
) with and into the
Company, pursuant to which all outstanding capital stock of the
Company will be converted into the right to receive a cash
payment, as set forth in the Merger Agreement.

B.     The Stockholder
is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the

Exchange Act
)) of such number of shares of
the outstanding capital stock of the Company, and such number of
shares of capital stock of the Company issuable upon the
exercise of outstanding options and warrants, as is indicated on
the signature page of this Agreement.

C.     In consideration
of the execution of the Merger Agreement by Parent, the
Stockholder (in his or her capacity as such) has agreed to vote
the Shares (as defined below) and such other shares of capital
stock of the Company over which the Stockholder has voting
power, so as to facilitate consummation of the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.     
Certain
    Definitions.
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
    shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the
    Merger Agreement. For all purposes of and under this Agreement,
    the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

(a) 
Expiration Date 
shall
    mean the earlier to occur of (i) such date and time as the
    Merger Agreement shall have been validly terminated pursuant to
    its terms, or (ii) such date and time as the Merger shall
    become effective in accordance with the terms and conditions set
    forth in the Merger Agreement.

(b) 
person 
shall mean any
    individual, corporation, limited liability company, general or
    limited partnership, business trust, unincorporated association
    or other business organization or entity, or any governmental
    authority.

(c) 
Shares 
shall mean:
    (i) all securities of the Company (including all shares of
    capital stock of the Company and all options, warrants and other
    rights to acquire shares of capital stock of the Company) owned
    by the Stockholder as of the date of this Agreement, and
    (ii) all additional securities of the Company (including
    all additional shares of capital stock of the Company and all
    additional options, warrants and other rights to acquire shares
    of capital stock of the Company) of which the Stockholder
    acquires beneficial ownership during the period commencing with
    the execution and delivery of this Agreement until the
    Expiration Date.

(d) 
Transfer.
 A person shall be
    deemed to have effected a 
Transfer
 of a
    security if such person directly or indirectly (i) sells,
    pledges, encumbers, grants an option with respect to, transfers
    or otherwise disposes of such security or any interest therein,
    or (ii) enters into an agreement or commitment providing
    for the sale of, pledge of, encumbrance of, grant of an option
    with respect to, transfer of or other disposition of such
    security or any interest therein.

2.     
Transfer of
    Shares.

(a) 
Transfer of Shares.
 The
    Stockholder hereby agrees that, at all times during the period
    commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
    until the Expiration Date, the

A-A-1



Stockholder shall not cause or permit any
    Transfer of any of the Shares to be effected or make any offer
    regarding any Transfer of any of the Shares.

(b) 
Transfer of Voting Rights.
 The
    Stockholder hereby agrees that, at all times commencing with the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement until the Expiration
    Date, the Stockholder shall not deposit, or permit the deposit
    of, any Shares in a voting trust, grant any proxy in respect of
    the Shares, or enter into any voting agreement or similar
    arrangement, commitment or understanding in a manner
    inconsistent with the terms of 
Section 3
 hereof or
    otherwise in contravention of the obligations of the Stockholder
    under this Agreement, with respect to any of the Shares.

3.     
Agreement to
    Vote Shares.
 Until the Expiration Date, at every meeting of
    stockholders of the Company called with respect to any of the
    following, and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and
    on every action or approval by written consent of stockholders
    of the Company with respect to any of the following, the
    Stockholder shall vote, to the extent not voted by the person(s)
    appointed under the Proxy (as defined in 
Section 4

    hereof), the Shares:

(a) in favor of approval of the Merger and
    the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement, and in favor
    of each of the other actions contemplated by the Merger
    Agreement;

(b) against approval of any proposal made in
    opposition to, or in competition with, consummation of the
    Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

(c) against any of the following actions
    (other than those actions that relate to the Merger and the
    transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement): (A) any
    merger, consolidation, business combination, sale of assets,
    reorganization or recapitalization of the Company or any
    subsidiary of the Company with any party, (B) any sale,
    lease or transfer of any significant part of the assets of the
    Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (C) any
    reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or
    winding up of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company,
    (D) any material change in the capitalization of the
    Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or the corporate
    structure of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or
    (E) any other action that is intended, or could reasonably
    be expected to, impede, interfere with, delay, postpone,
    discourage or adversely affect the Merger or any of the other
    transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and

(d) in favor of waiving any notice that may
    have been or may be required relating to any reorganization of
    the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, any
    reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the
    Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or any sale of assets,
    change of control, or acquisition of the Company or any
    subsidiary of the Company by any person, or any consolidation or
    merger of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company with or
    into any person.

4.     
Irrevocable
    Proxy.
 Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement,
    the Stockholder agrees to deliver to Parent a proxy in the form
    attached hereto as 
Exhibit A 
(the

Proxy
), which shall be irrevocable to the
    fullest extent permissible by applicable law, with respect to
    the Shares.

5.     
No
    Solicitation.
 Except as permitted by the Merger Agreement,
    Stockholder agrees that between the date of this Agreement and
    the Expiration Date, Stockholder will not, nor will Stockholder
    authorize or permit any of its officers, directors, controlled
    affiliates or employees or any of their respective investment
    bankers, attorneys or other advisors or representatives to,
    directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate, encourage or
    take an action intended to induce the making, submission or
    announcement of any Acquisition Proposal; or (ii) engage or
    participate in any discussions or negotiations with any person
    regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect
    to, or take any other action intended to facilitate any
    inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may
    reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal.
    Stockholder will, and will direct or cause its officers,
    directors, controlled affiliates and employees and their
    respective investment bankers, attorneys or other advisors or
    representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated
    any discussions or negotiations with any parties that may be
    ongoing with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Stockholder

A-A-2



will promptly advise Parent orally and in writing
    of any Acquisition Proposal or any request for information with
    respect to any Acquisition Proposal received by Stockholder, the
    material terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal or
    request and the identity of the person making such Acquisition
    Proposal or request.

6.     
Representations
    and Warranties of the Stockholder.
 The Stockholder hereby
    represents and warrants to Parent that, as of the date hereof
    and at all times until the Expiration Date, the Stockholder
    (i) is (and will be) the beneficial owner of the shares of
    capital stock of the Company, and the options, warrants and
    other rights to purchase shares of capital stock of the Company,
    set forth on signature page of this Agreement, with full power
    to vote or direct the voting of the Shares for and on behalf of
    all beneficial owners of the Shares; (ii) the Shares are
    (and will be) free and clear of any liens, pledges, security
    interests, claims, options, rights of first refusal, co-sale
    rights, charges or other encumbrances of any kind or nature
    (each an 
Encumbrance
) (other than those
    Encumbrances which are in favor of the Company, provided Parent
    shall have been provided with copies of the relevant
    documentation related thereto); (iii) does not (and will
    not) beneficially own any securities of the Company other than
    the shares of capital stock of the Company, and options,
    warrants and other rights to purchase shares of capital stock of
    the Company, set forth on the signature page of this Agreement;
    and (iv) has (and will have) full power and authority to
    make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement and
    the Proxy.

7.     
Consent and
    Waiver.
 The Stockholder (not in his or her capacity as a
    director or officer of the Company) hereby gives any consents or
    waivers that are reasonably required for the consummation of the
    Merger under the terms of any agreements to which the
    Stockholder is a party, or pursuant to any rights Stockholder
    may have.

8.     
Legending of
    Shares.
 If so requested by Parent, the Stockholder hereby
    agrees that the Shares shall bear a legend stating that they are
    subject to this Agreement and to an irrevocable proxy.

9.     
Termination.

    This Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or
    effect as of the Expiration Date.

10.     
Miscellaneous.

(a) 
Waiver.
 No waiver by any party
    hereto of any condition or any breach of any term or provision
    set forth in this Agreement shall not be effective unless in
    writing and signed by each party hereto. The waiver of a
    condition or any breach of any term or provision of this
    Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of
    any other previous or subsequent breach of any term or provision
    of this Agreement.

(b) 
Severability.
 In the event that
    any term, provision, covenant or restriction set forth in this
    Agreement, or the application of any such term, provision,
    covenant or restriction to any person, entity or set of
    circumstances, shall be determined by a court of competent
    jurisdiction to be invalid, unlawful, void or unenforceable to
    any extent, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants
    and restrictions set forth in this Agreement, and the
    application of such terms, provisions, covenants and
    restrictions to persons, entities or circumstances other than
    those as to which it is determined to be invalid, unlawful, void
    or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect, shall
    not be impaired, invalidated or otherwise affected and shall
    continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent
    permitted by applicable law.

(c) 
Binding Effect; Assignment.
 This
    Agreement and all of the terms and provisions hereof shall be
    binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto
    and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but,
    except as otherwise specifically provided herein, neither this
    Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the
    Stockholder may be assigned to any other person without the
    prior written consent of Parent.

A-A-3



(d) 
Amendments.
 This Agreement may
    not be modified, amended, altered or supplemented, except upon
    the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by
    each of the parties hereto.

(e) 
Specific Performance; Injunctive
    Relief.
 Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledge that
    (i) the representations, warranties, covenants and
    restrictions set forth in this Agreement are necessary,
    fundamental and required for the protection of Parent and to
    preserve for Parent the benefits of the Merger; (ii) such
    covenants relate to matters which are of a special, unique, and
    extraordinary character that gives each such representation,
    warranty, covenant and restriction a special, unique, and
    extraordinary value; and (iii) a breach of any such
    representation, warranty, covenant or restriction, or any other
    term or provision of this Agreement, will result in irreparable
    harm and damages to Parent which cannot be adequately
    compensated by a monetary award. Accordingly, Parent and the
    Stockholder hereby expressly agree that in addition to all other
    remedies available at law or in equity, Parent shall be entitled
    to the immediate remedy of specific performance, a temporary
    and/or permanent restraining order, preliminary injunction, or
    such other form of injunctive or equitable relief as may be used
    by any court of competent jurisdiction to restrain or enjoin any
    of the parties hereto from breaching any representations,
    warranties, covenants or restrictions set forth in this
    Agreement, or to specifically enforce the terms and provisions
    hereof.

(f) 
Governing Law.
 This Agreement
    shall be governed by and construed, interpreted and enforced in
    accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving
    effect to any choice or conflict of law provision, rule or
    principle (whether of the State of Delaware or any other
    jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of
    any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

(g) 
Entire Agreement.
 This Agreement
    and the Proxy and the other agreements referred to in this
    Agreement set forth the entire agreement and understanding of
    Parent and the Stockholder with respect to the subject matter
    hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior discussions,
    agreements and understandings between Parent and the
    Stockholder, both oral and written, with respect to the subject
    matter hereof and thereof.

(h) 
Notices.
 All notices and other
    communications pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing
    and deemed to be sufficient if contained in a written instrument
    and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied,
    sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or mailed by
    registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), postage
    prepaid, to the respective parties at the following address (or
    at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
    notice):

 If to Parent:

Sybase, Inc.

One Sybase Drive

Dublin, CA 94568

Attention: Dan Carl

Telephone: (925) 236-5000

Telecopy: (925) 236-6823

with a copy to:

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

Professional Corporation

One Market, Spear Street Tower

Suite 3300

San Francisco, California 94105

Attention:

Michael J. Kennedy, Esq.

Michael S. Dorf, Esq.

Telephone: (415) 947-2000

Telecopy: (415) 947-2099

A-A-4



If to the Stockholder:

To the address for notice set forth on the
    signature page hereof.

(i) 
Further Assurances.
 The
    Stockholder (in his or her capacity as such) shall execute and
    deliver any additional certificate, instruments and other
    documents, and take any additional actions, as Parent may deem
    necessary or desirable, in the reasonable opinion of Parent, to
    carry out and effectuate the purpose and intent of this
    Agreement.

(j) 
Headings.
 The section headings
    set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference
    only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of
    this Agreement in any manner.

(k) 
Counterparts.
 This Agreement may
    be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be
    deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute
    one and the same instrument.

A-A-5



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written
above.

SYBASE, INC.

By: 

Signature of
Authorized Signatory

Name: 

Title: 

STOCKHOLDER:

By: 

Signature

Name: 

Title: 

Print Address

Telephone

Facsimile No.

Share beneficially owned:

 shares
of Company capital stock

 shares
of Company capital stock issuable upon the exercise of
outstanding options, warrants or other rights

A-A-6



STOCKHOLDER:

By: 

Signature

Name: 

Title: 

Print Address

Telephone

Facsimile No.

Share beneficially owned:

 shares
of Company capital stock

 shares
of Company capital stock issuable upon the exercise of
outstanding options, warrants or other rights

A-A-7



EXHIBIT A

IRREVOCABLE PROXY

The undersigned stockholder of AvantGo, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the 
Company
), hereby
irrevocably (to the fullest extent permitted by law) appoints
the directors of the Board of Directors of Sybase, Inc., a
Delaware corporation 
(Parent)
, and each of
them, as the sole and exclusive attorneys and proxies of the
undersigned, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
to vote and exercise all voting and related rights (to the full
extent that the undersigned is entitled to do so) with respect
to all of the shares of capital stock of the Company that now
are or hereafter may be beneficially owned by the undersigned,
and any and all other shares or securities of the Company issued
or issuable in respect thereof on or after the date hereof
(collectively, the 
Shares
) in accordance with
the terms of this irrevocable proxy (the

Proxy
). The Shares beneficially owned by the
undersigned stockholder of the Company as of the date of this
Proxy are listed on the final page of this Proxy. Upon the
execution of this Proxy by the undersigned, any and all prior
proxies given by the undersigned with respect to any Shares are
hereby revoked and the undersigned hereby agrees not to grant
any subsequent proxies with respect to the Shares until after
the Expiration Date (as defined below).

This Proxy is irrevocable (to the fullest extent
permitted by law), is coupled with an interest and is granted
pursuant to that certain Voting Agreement of even date herewith
by and between Parent and the undersigned stockholder (the

Voting Agreement
), and is granted in
consideration of Parent entering into that certain Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the 
Merger Agreement
), by and
among Parent, Seurat Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent

(Merger Sub)
, and the Company, which provides
for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company in
accordance with its terms (the 
Merger
). As
used herein, the term 
Expiration Date
 shall
mean the earlier to occur of (i) such date and time as the
Merger Agreement shall have been validly terminated pursuant to
its terms, or (ii) such date and time as the Merger shall
become effective in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement.

The attorneys and proxies named above, and each
of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by the undersigned,
at any time prior to the Expiration Date, to act as the
undersigneds attorney and proxy to vote the Shares, and to
exercise all voting, consent and similar rights of the
undersigned with respect to the Shares (including, without
limitation, the power to execute and deliver written consents)
at every annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of
stockholders of the Company and in every written consent in lieu
of such meeting:

(i)     in favor of
    approval of the Merger and the adoption and approval of the
    Merger Agreement, and in favor of each of the other actions
    contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

(ii)     against
    approval of any proposal made in opposition to, or in
    competition with, consummation of the Merger and the
    transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

(iii)     against any of
    the following actions (other than those actions that relate to
    the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
    Agreement): (A) any merger, consolidation, business
    combination, sale of assets, reorganization or recapitalization
    of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company with any party,
    (B) any sale, lease or transfer of any significant part of
    the assets of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company,
    (C) any reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution,
    liquidation or winding up of the Company or any subsidiary of
    the Company, (D) any material change in the capitalization
    of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or the
    corporate structure of the Company or any subsidiary of the
    Company, or (E) any other action that is intended, or could
    reasonably be expected to, impede, interfere with, delay,
    postpone, discourage or adversely affect the Merger or any of
    the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and

(iv)     in favor of
    waiving any notice that may have been or may be required
    relating to any reorganization of the Company or any subsidiary
    of the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the
    capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company,
    or any sale of assets, change of control, or acquisition of the
    Company or any subsidiary of the Company by any person, or any
    consolidation or merger of the Company or any subsidiary of the
    Company with or into any person.

A-A-8



The attorneys and proxies named above may not
exercise this Proxy on any other matter except as provided above.

Any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall
be binding upon the successors and assigns of the undersigned.

This Proxy is irrevocable (to the fullest extent
permitted by law). This Proxy shall terminate, and be of no
further force and effect, automatically upon the Expiration Date.

Dated: December      ,

Signature of
    Stockholder: 

Print Name of
    Stockholder: 

Shares beneficially owned:

    shares of Company capital stock

    shares of the Company capital stock issuable upon the exercise
    of outstanding options, warrants or other rights

Signature of
    Stockholder: 

Print Name of
    Stockholder: 

Shares beneficially owned:

    shares of Company capital stock

    shares of the Company capital stock issuable upon the exercise
    of outstanding options, warrants or other rights

A-A-9



ANNEX B

Delaware General Corporations Law

Section 262  Appraisal
rights.

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this
State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a
demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section with
respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares
through the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who
has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section
and who has neither voted in favor of the merger or
consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to
 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal
by the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the
stockholders shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As
used in this section, the word stockholder means a
holder of record of stock in a stock corporation and also a
member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words
stock and share mean and include what is
ordinarily meant by those words and also membership or
membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and
the words depository receipt mean a receipt or other
instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in
one or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a
corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for
the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent
corporation in a merger or consolidation to be effected pursuant
to  251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
 251(g) of this title),  252,
 254,  257,  258,
 263 or  264 of this title:

(1) Provided, however, that no appraisal
    rights under this section shall be available for the shares of
    any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository
    receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
    determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to
    vote at the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of
    merger or consolidation, were either (i) listed on a
    national securities exchange or designated as a national market
    system security on an interdealer quotation system by the
    National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or
    (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and
    further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for
    any shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a
    merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote
    of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as provided in
    subsection (f) of  251 of this title.

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of
    this subsection, appraisal rights under this section shall be
    available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a
    constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by
    the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
     251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this
    title to accept for such stock anything except:

a.     Shares of stock
    of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger or
    consolidation, or depository receipts in respect thereof;

b.     Shares of stock
    of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect
    thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in
    respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of
    the merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national
    securities exchange or designated as a national market system
    security on an interdealer quotation system by the National
    Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by
    more than 2,000 holders;

c.     Cash in lieu of
    fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in
    the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this paragraph; or

d.     Any combination
    of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of
    fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in
    the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

(3) In the event all of the stock of a
    subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under
     253 of this title is not owned by the parent
    corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights
    shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware
    corporation.

B-1



(c) Any corporation may provide in its
certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this
section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the
corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the corporation. If the
certificate of incorporation contains such a provision, the
procedures of this section, including those set forth in
subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as
nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as
follows:

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation
    for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to
    be submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, the
    corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
    shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record
    date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
    rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c)
    hereof that appraisal rights are available for any or all of the
    shares of the constituent corporations, and shall include in
    such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder electing to
    demand the appraisal of such stockholders shares shall
    deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on the
    merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such
    stockholders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
    reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
    stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand
    the appraisal of such stockholders shares. A proxy or vote
    against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a
    demand. A stockholder electing to take such action must do so by
    a separate written demand as herein provided. Within
    10 days after the effective date of such merger or
    consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall
    notify each stockholder of each constituent corporation who has
    complied with this subsection and has not voted in favor of or
    consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the
    merger or consolidation has become effective; or

(2) If the merger or consolidation was
    approved pursuant to  228 or  253 of this
    title, then either a constituent corporation before the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving
    or resulting corporation within 10 days thereafter shall
    notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of
    such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal
    rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that
    appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and
    shall include in such notice a copy of this section. Such notice
    may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger
    or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder
    entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the
    date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the
    surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such
    holders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
    reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
    stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand
    the appraisal of such holders shares. If such notice did
    not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation, either (i) each such constituent corporation
    shall send a second notice before the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that
    are entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting
    corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders
    on or within 10 days after such effective date; provided,
    however, that if such second notice is sent more than
    20 days following the sending of the first notice, such
    second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is
    entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of
    such holders shares in accordance with this subsection. An
    affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the
    transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give
    either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the
    absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
    therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled
    to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix,
    in advance, a record date that shall be not more than
    10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided,
    that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of
    the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such
    effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is
    given prior to the effective date, the record date shall be the
    close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the
    notice is given.

(e) Within 120 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting
corporation or any stockholder who has complied with
subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise

B-2



entitled to appraisal rights, may file a petition
in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the value
of the stock of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder shall have
the right to withdraw such stockholders demand for
appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or
consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of
the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied
with the requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof,
upon written request, shall be entitled to receive from the
corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of
shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and
with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received
and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written
statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days
after such stockholders written request for such a
statement is received by the surviving or resulting corporation
or within 10 days after expiration of the period for
delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d)
hereof, whichever is later.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by
a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the
surviving or resulting corporation, which shall within
20 days after such service file in the office of the
Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly
verified list containing the names and addresses of all
stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with
whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the
petition shall be filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly
verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the
Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the
surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown
on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall
also be given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week
before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general
circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or
such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the
notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the
Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or
resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the
Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with
this section and who have become entitled to appraisal rights.
The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by
certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the
Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the
appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply
with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

(h) After determining the stockholders
entitled to an appraisal, the Court shall appraise the shares,
determining their fair value exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to
be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In
determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account
all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate of interest,
the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate
of interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would
have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the
proceeding. Upon application by the surviving or resulting
corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the
appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit
discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial
upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name
appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and
who has submitted such stockholders certificates of stock
to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may
participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally
determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal
rights under this section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of
the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by
the surviving or resulting corporation to the stockholders
entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the
Court may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such
stockholder, in the case of holders of uncertificated stock
forthwith, and the case of holders of shares represented by
certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Courts decree
may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be
enforced, whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a
corporation of this State or of any state.

B-3



(j) The costs of the proceeding may be
determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court
deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon application of a
stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the
appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be
charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to
an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the
merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded
appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of this
section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or
to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the
stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to
stockholders of record at a date which is prior to the effective
date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if
no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such
stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting
corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholders
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or
consolidation, either within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation as provided in
subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the
written approval of the corporation, then the right of such
stockholder to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court of Chancery
shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of
the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms
as the Court deems just.

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting
corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders
would have been converted had they assented to the merger or
consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

B-4



ANNEX C

California Corporations Code

Chapter 13  Dissenters
Rights

 1300

Right to Require Purchase 
    Dissenting Shares and Dissenting
    Shareholder Defined

(a) If the approval of the outstanding
shares (Section 152) of a corporation is required for a
reorganization under subdivisions (a) and (b) or
subdivision (e) or (f) of Section 1201, each
shareholder of the corporation entitled to vote on the
transaction and each shareholder of a subsidiary corporation in
a short-form merger may, by complying with this chapter, require
the corporation in which the shareholder holds shares to
purchase for cash at their fair market value the shares owned by
the shareholder which are dissenting shares as defined in
subdivision (b). The fair market value shall be determined
as of the day before the first announcement of the terms of the
proposed reorganization or short-form merger, excluding any
appreciation or depreciation in consequence of the proposed
action, but adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock split,
or share dividend which becomes effective thereafter.

(b) As used in this chapter,
dissenting shares means shares which come within all
of the following descriptions:

(1) Which were not immediately prior to the
    reorganization or short-form merger either (A) listed on
    any national securities exchange certified by the Commissioner
    of Corporations under subdivision (o) of Section 25100
    or (B) listed on the National Market System of the NASDAQ
    Stock Market, and the notice of meeting of shareholders to act
    upon the reorganization summarizes this section and
    Sections 1301, 1302, 1303 and 1304; provided, however, that
    this provision does not apply to any shares with respect to
    which there exists any restriction on transfer imposed by the
    corporation or by any law or regulation; and provided, further,
    that this provision does not apply to any class of shares
    described in subparagraph (A) or (B) if demands for
    payment are filed with respect to 5 percent or more of the
    outstanding shares of that class.

(2) Which were outstanding on the date for
    the determination of shareholders entitled to vote on the
    reorganization and (A) were not voted in favor of the
    reorganization or, (B) if described in
    subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) (without
    regard to the provisos in that paragraph), were voted against
    the reorganization, or which were held of record on the
    effective date of a short-form merger; provided, however, that
    subparagraph (A) rather than subparagraph (B) of this
    paragraph applies in any case where the approval required by
    Section 1201 is sought by written consent rather than at a
    meeting.

(3) Which the dissenting shareholder has
    demanded that the corporation purchase at their fair market
    value, in accordance with Section 1301.

(4) Which the dissenting shareholder has
    submitted for endorsement, in accordance with Section 1302.

(c) As used in this chapter,
dissenting shareholder means the recordholder of
dissenting shares and includes a transferee of record.

 1301

Demand for Purchase

(a) If, in the case of a reorganization, any
shareholders of a corporation have a right under
Section 1300, subject to compliance with
paragraphs (3) and (4) of subdivision (b) thereof, to
require the corporation to purchase their shares for cash, such
corporation shall mail to each such shareholder a notice of the
approval of the reorganization by its outstanding shares
(Section 152) within 10 days after the date of such
approval, accompanied by a copy of Sections 1300, 1302,
1303, 1304 and this section, a statement of the price determined
by the corporation to represent the fair market value of the
dissenting shares, and a brief description of the procedure to
be followed if the shareholder desires to exercise the
shareholders right under such sections. The statement of
price constitutes an offer by the corporation to purchase at the
price stated any

C-1



dissenting shares as defined in
subdivision (b) of Section 1300, unless they lose
their status as dissenting shares under Section 1309.

(b) Any shareholder who has a right to
require the corporation to purchase the shareholders
shares for cash under Section 1300, subject to compliance
with paragraphs (3) and (4) of subdivision (b)
thereof, and who desires the corporation to purchase such shares
shall make written demand upon the corporation for the purchase
of such shares and payment to the shareholder in cash of their
fair market value. The demand is not effective for any purpose
unless it is received by the corporation or any transfer agent
thereof (1) in the case of shares described in
clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) of Section 1300 (without regard to the
provisos in that paragraph), not later than the date of the
shareholders meeting to vote upon the reorganization, or
(2) in any other case within 30 days after the date on
which the notice of the approval by the outstanding shares
pursuant to subdivision (a) or the notice pursuant to
subdivision (i) of Section 1110 was mailed to the
shareholder.

(c) The demand shall state the number and
class of the shares held of record by the shareholder which the
shareholder demands that the corporation purchase and shall
contain a statement of what such shareholder claims to be the
fair market value of those shares as of the day before the
announcement of the proposed reorganization or short-form
merger. The statement of fair market value constitutes an offer
by the shareholder to sell the shares at such price.

 1302

Endorsement of Shares

Within 30 days after the date on which
notice of the approval by the outstanding shares or the notice
pursuant to subdivision (i) of Section 1110 was mailed
to the shareholder, the shareholder shall submit to the
corporation at its principal office or at the office of any
transfer agent thereof, (a) if the shares are certificated
securities, the shareholders certificates representing any
shares which the shareholder demands that the corporation
purchase, to be stamped or endorsed with a statement that the
shares are dissenting shares or to be exchanged for certificates
of appropriate denomination so stamped or endorsed or
(b) if the shares are uncertificated securities, written
notice of the number of shares which the shareholder demands
that the corporation purchase. Upon subsequent transfers of the
dissenting shares on the books of the corporation, the new
certificates, initial transaction statement, and other written
statements issued therefor shall bear a like statement, together
with the name of the original dissenting holder of the shares.

 1303

Agreed Price  Time for
    Payment

(a) If the corporation and the shareholder
agree that the shares are dissenting shares and agree upon the
price of the shares, the dissenting shareholder is entitled to
the agreed price with interest thereon at the legal rate on
judgments from the date of the agreement. Any agreements fixing
the fair market value of any dissenting shares as between the
corporation and the holders thereof shall be filed with the
secretary of the corporation.

(b) Subject to the provisions of
Section 1306, payment of the fair market value of
dissenting shares shall be made within 30 days after the
amount thereof has been agreed or within 30 days after any
statutory or contractual conditions to the reorganization are
satisfied, whichever is later, and in the case of certificated
securities, subject to surrender of the certificates therefor,
unless provided otherwise by agreement.

 1304

Dissenters Action to Enforce
    Payment

(a) If the corporation denies that the
shares are dissenting shares, or the corporation and the
shareholder fail to agree upon the fair market value of the
shares, then the shareholder demanding purchase of such shares
as dissenting shares or any interested corporation, within six
months after the date on which notice of the approval by the
outstanding shares (Section 152) or notice pursuant to
subdivision (i) of Section 1110 was mailed to the
shareholder, but not thereafter, may file a complaint in the
superior court of the proper county praying the court to
determine whether the shares are dissenting shares or the fair
market value of the dissenting shares or both or may intervene
in any action pending on such a complaint.

(b) Two or more dissenting shareholders may
join as plaintiffs or be joined as defendants in any such action
and two or more such actions may be consolidated.

C-2



(c) On the trial of the action, the court
shall determine the issues. If the status of the shares as
dissenting shares is in issue, the court shall first determine
that issue. If the fair market value of the dissenting shares is
in issue, the court shall determine, or shall appoint one or
more impartial appraisers to determine, the fair market value of
the shares.

 1305

Appraisers Report 
    Payment  Costs

(a) If the court appoints an appraiser or
appraisers, they shall proceed forthwith to determine the fair
market value per share. Within the time fixed by the court, the
appraisers, or a majority of them, shall make