URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/719547/000095014403005170/0000950144-03-005170.txt

:			MARYVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8653803000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5000 CLAYTON ROAD
		CITY:			MARYVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37804

PREM14A

g82131mprem14a.htm

CLAYTON HOMES, INC. - FORM PREM14A

CLAYTON HOMES, INC. - FORM PREM14A



SCHEDULE 14A

(Rule 14a-101)

INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY
STATEMENT

SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of
the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment
No.   )

Filed by the
Registrant 
x

Filed by a Party other than the
Registrant 
o

Check the appropriate box:

x
  Preliminary
    Proxy Statement

o
  Confidential,
    for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

o
  Definitive
    Proxy Statement

o
  Definitive
    Additional Materials

o
  Soliciting
    Material under Rule 14a-12

CLAYTON HOMES, INC.

(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if
other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

o

No fee required.

x
  Fee
computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and
0-11.

     (1)

Title of each class of securities to which
    transaction applies:

common stock, $.10 par value per share of Clayton
Homes, Inc. and options to purchase shares of Clayton Homes,
Inc. common stock

     (2)

Aggregate number of securities to which
    transaction applies:

136,207,129 shares of Clayton Homes, Inc. common
stock and options to purchase 2,391,789 shares of Clayton Homes,
Inc. common stock

     (3)

Per unit price or other underlying value of
    transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11
    (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and
    state how it was determined):

$12.50, which represents the price per share of
Clayton Homes, Inc. common stock to be paid in the merger

     (4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

$1,732,486,475

     (5)

Total fee paid:

$140,158

o

Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:

o

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as
    provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing
    for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the
    previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or
    Schedule and the date of its filing.

     (1)

Amount Previously Paid:

     (2)

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

     (3)

Filing Party:

     (4)

Date Filed:



Dear Fellow Stockholder:

On April 1, 2003, Clayton Homes, Inc.
entered into an agreement and plan of merger, which we refer to
as the merger agreement, with Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and a
subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway pursuant to which we will
become a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. A
special meeting of our stockholders will be held
on                             ,                    ,
2003,
at                             EDT,
to vote on a proposal to adopt the merger agreement so that the
merger can occur. The meeting will be held at Clayton Homes
Headquarters, 5000 Clayton Road, Maryville, Tennessee. Notice of
the special meeting is enclosed.

Upon completion of the merger, you will be
entitled to receive $12.50 in cash for each share of Clayton
Homes common stock that you own. This price represents a 12.31%
premium over the closing price per share on the last trading
date before the public announcement that Clayton Homes and
Berkshire Hathaway had entered into the merger agreement.

This proxy statement gives you detailed
information about the special meeting and the merger and
includes the merger agreement as Annex A. The receipt of cash in
exchange for shares of common stock in the merger will
constitute a taxable transaction to U.S. taxpayers for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. We encourage you to read the proxy
statement and the merger agreement carefully.

Our board of directors has, by a unanimous vote,
(1) determined that the merger is advisable and that the
terms of the merger are fair to, and in the best interests of,
Clayton Homes and our stockholders, (2) approved the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including
the merger, and (3) recommended that our stockholders
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger.

Your vote is important. We cannot complete the
merger unless holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of
Clayton Homes common stock vote to adopt the merger agreement.
Our board of directors recommends that you vote FOR
the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. 
THE FAILURE OF
ANY STOCKHOLDER TO VOTE ON THE PROPOSAL TO ADOPT THE MERGER
AGREEMENT WILL HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS A VOTE AGAINST THE
MERGER.

Our board of directors has fixed the close of
business
on                             ,
2003, as the record date for the special meeting and only
holders of common stock on the record date are entitled to vote
at the special meeting. On the record date, there
were                             shares
of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote.

Stockholders owning or controlling a total of
37,663,862 shares of common stock, representing approximately
28% of all outstanding shares, have entered into a stockholders
agreement in which they agreed to vote in favor of adopting the
merger agreement. In addition, each of our directors and
executive officers has indicated that he or she intends to vote
his or her own shares in favor of the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement.

WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL
MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN AND DATE THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY
CARD AND RETURN IT IN THE ENCLOSED PREPAID ENVELOPE.

Our board of directors and management appreciate
your continuing support of our company, and we hope you will
support this exciting transaction.

Sincerely,

Kevin T. Clayton

Chief Executive Officer and President

This transaction has not been approved or
disapproved by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
state securities commission. Neither the Securities and Exchange
Commission nor any state securities commission has passed upon
the fairness or merits of this transaction or upon the accuracy
or adequacy of the information contained in this proxy
statement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

The proxy statement is
dated                   ,
2003, and is being mailed on or
about                    ,
2003.



NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

The Proposed Transaction (see page 35)

The Companies (see page 7)

What You Will Be Entitled to Receive upon Completion of the Merger (see page 35)

The Special Meeting (see page 9)

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors (see page 14)

Opinion of Financial Advisor (see page 16)

Interest of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (see page 31)

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (see page 30)

Regulatory Approvals (see page 29)

Stock Option Tender Offer (see page 36)

The Merger Agreement (see page 35)

Appraisal Rights (see page 33)

THE COMPANIES

Clayton Homes

Berkshire Hathaway

Merger Sub

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

Proposal to be Considered at the Special Meeting

Record Date

Voting Rights; Quorum; Vote Required for Approval

Voting and Revocation of Proxies

Appraisal Rights

Solicitation of Proxies

Questions and Additional Information

THE MERGER

Background

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of Clayton Homes Financial Advisor

Clayton Homes, Inc. Selected Precedent Transactions Valuation Matrix

Manufacturing and Retail Segments Selected Precedent Transactions Valuation Matrix

Vanderbilt Segment Selected Precedent Transactions Valuation Matrix

Insurance Segment Selected Precedent Transactions Valuation Matrix

Antitrust Approvals

Financing of the Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Our Stockholders

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

Effects of the Merger

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock

Appraisal Rights

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The Merger

Merger Consideration

Directors and Officers

Stock Option Tender Offer

Payment for the Shares

Representations and Warranties

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Conditions to the Merger

No Solicitations of Other Offers

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Termination Fees

Employee Benefits

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

OTHER MATTERS

Other Matters for Action at the Special Meeting

Stockholder Proposals

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A

ANNEX B

ANNEX C

ANNEX D



NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To be Held
on                         ,

PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that a special meeting of
stockholders of CLAYTON HOMES, INC., a Delaware corporation,
will be held
on                               ,                     ,
2003,
at                               EDT,
at Clayton Homes Headquarters, 5000 Clayton Road, Maryville,
Tennessee, for the following purposes:

To vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and
    Plan of Merger, dated as of April 1, 2003, by and among
    Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware corporation, B Merger Sub
    Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
    Berkshire Hathaway Inc., and Clayton Homes, Inc., as the merger
    agreement may be amended from time to time.

We urge you to read the accompanying proxy
statement carefully as it sets forth details of the proposed
merger and other important information related to the merger.

The record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the special
meeting
is                     ,
2003. Accordingly, only stockholders of record as of that date
will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting
or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

By Order of the Board of Directors,

Thomas D. Hodges

Secretary

Maryville, Tennessee

                    ,

PLEASE SIGN, DATE, AND RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING
PROXY WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING SO THAT YOUR
SHARES WILL BE REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING.





QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q-1

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

The Proposed Transaction

The Companies

What You Will Be Entitled to Receive upon
    Completion of the Merger

The Special Meeting

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Opinion of Financial Advisor

Interest of Directors and Executive Officers in
    the Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

Regulatory Approvals

Stock Option Tender Offer

The Merger Agreement

Appraisal Rights

THE COMPANIES

Clayton Homes

Berkshire Hathaway

Merger Sub

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

Proposal to be Considered at the Special Meeting

Record Date

Voting Rights; Quorum; Vote Required for Approval

Voting and Revocation of Proxies

Appraisal Rights

Solicitation of Proxies

Questions and Additional Information

THE MERGER

Background

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of Clayton Homes Financial Advisor

Antitrust Approvals

Financing of the Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of
    the Merger to Our Stockholders

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in
    the Merger

Effects of the Merger

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock

Appraisal Rights

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The Merger

Merger Consideration

Directors and Officers

i



Stock Option Tender Offer

Payment for the Shares

Representations and Warranties

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Conditions to the Merger

No Solicitations of Other Offers

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Termination Fees

Employee Benefits

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
    AND MANAGEMENT

OTHER MATTERS

Other Matters for Action at the Special Meeting

Stockholder Proposals

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Annex A



Agreement and Plan of Merger

Annex B



Stockholders Agreement

Annex C



Opinion of Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.

Annex D



Section 262 of the Delaware General
    Corporation Law

ii



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

The following questions and answers are intended
to address briefly some commonly asked questions regarding the
merger. These questions and answers do not address all questions
that may be important to you as a Clayton Homes stockholder.
Please refer to the more detailed information contained
elsewhere in this proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy
statement and the documents referred to or incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement.

Q.

What is the proposed transaction?

A.

B Merger Sub Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary
    of Berkshire Hathaway, will merge with and into Clayton Homes
    with Clayton Homes being the surviving corporation and becoming
    a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway.

Q.

Why is the Board of Directors recommending the
    approval of the merger agreement?

A.

Our board of directors believes that the merger
    is advisable and that the terms of the merger are fair to, and
    in the best interests of, Clayton Homes and its stockholders. To
    review our board of directors reasons for recommending
    adoption of the merger agreement, see pages 14 through 16.

Q.

If the merger is completed, what will I
    receive for my shares of common stock?

A.

You will receive $12.50 in cash, without
    interest, for each share of Clayton Homes common stock you own,
    upon surrender of your stock certificates after completion of
    the merger. We refer to this amount per share of Clayton Homes
    common stock in this proxy statement as the merger consideration.

Q.

When is the merger expected to be
    completed?

A.

Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway are working
    toward completing the merger as quickly as possible. We hope the
    merger will be completed in June 2003. The merger cannot be
    effected until a number of conditions are satisfied. The most
    important conditions are the adoption of the merger agreement by
    Clayton Homes stockholders at the special meeting and the
    successful completion of our offer to purchase substantially all
    of our outstanding stock options.

Q.

Who is entitled to vote at the special
    meeting?

A.

Holders of record of Clayton Homes common stock
    as of the close of business
    on                     ,
    2003, are entitled to vote at the special meeting. Each Clayton
    Homes stockholder is entitled to one vote for each share of
    Clayton Homes common stock owned.

Q.

What vote is required for Clayton Homes
    stockholders to adopt the merger agreement?

A.

An affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
    of all outstanding shares of Clayton Homes common stock is
    required to adopt the merger agreement.

Q.

What do I need to do now?

A.

After carefully reading and considering the
    information contained in this proxy statement, please vote your
    shares of Clayton Homes common stock as soon as possible. Please
    return the enclosed proxy card, even if you plan to attend the
    special meeting, to ensure that your shares are voted. Your
    proxy materials include detailed information on how to vote.

Q.

If my shares are held for me by my broker,
    will my broker vote those shares for me?

A.

Your broker will vote your shares only if you
    provide instructions to your broker on how to vote. You should
    instruct your broker on how to vote your shares, using the
    instructions provided by your broker.

Q-1



Q.

Can I change my vote after I have mailed my
    proxy card?

A.

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before
    your proxy is voted at the special meeting. You may revoke your
    proxy by notifying us in writing at Clayton Homes, Inc.,
    5000 Clayton Road, Maryville, Tennessee 37804, Attention:
    Thomas D. Hodges, Secretary, or by submitting a new proxy,
    in each case, dated after the date of the proxy being revoked.
    In addition, your proxy may be revoked by attending the special
    meeting and voting in person. However, simply attending the
    special meeting without voting will not revoke your proxy. If
    you have instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must
    follow the instructions received from your broker to change your
    vote.

Q.

Do I need to attend the special meeting in
    person?

A.

No. It is not necessary for you to attend
    the special meeting in order to vote your shares.

Q.

May I exercise appraisal rights in the
    merger?

A.

Yes. Under Delaware law, if you do not vote in
    favor of adopting the merger agreement, you have the right to
    seek appraisal of the fair value of your shares as determined by
    the Delaware Court of Chancery if the merger is completed, but
    only if you submit a written demand for an appraisal before the
    vote on the merger agreement and comply with the Delaware law
    procedures explained in this proxy statement.

Q.

Should I send in my stock certificates
    now?

A.

No. After the merger is completed, you will
    be sent detailed written instructions for exchanging your
    Clayton Homes stock certificates for the merger consideration.

Q.

What other matters will be voted on at the
    special meeting?

A.

Only matters contained in this proxy statement
    will be voted upon.

Q.

Where can I find more information about
    Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway?

A.

Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway file
    periodic reports and other information with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission. You may read and copy this information at
    the Securities and Exchange Commissions public reference
    facilities. Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission
    at 1-800-SEC-0330 for information about these facilities. This
    information is also available on the internet site maintained by
    the Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov.
    For a more detailed description of the information available,
    please refer to Where You Can Find More Information
    on page 49 of this proxy statement.

Q.

Who can help answer my questions?

A.

If you have questions about the merger after
    reading this proxy statement, please call our proxy solicitor,
    Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., toll-free at
    (800) 669-9886 (banks and brokerage firms call collect at
    (212) 440-9800).

Q-2



SUMMARY TERM SHEET

This summary term sheet highlights important
information in this proxy statement and does not contain all of
the information that is important to you. You should carefully
read this entire proxy statement and the other documents to
which this proxy statement refers you for a more complete
understanding of the matters being considered at the special
meeting. In addition, the proxy statement incorporates by
reference important business and financial information about
Clayton Homes into this proxy statement. You may obtain the
information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement
without charge by following the instructions in Where You
Can Find More Information.

The Proposed Transaction (see
page 35)

 

In the merger, a wholly owned subsidiary of
    Berkshire Hathaway will merge with and into Clayton Homes with
    Clayton Homes continuing as the surviving corporation.

 

Upon completion of the merger, each issued and
    outstanding share of our common stock will automatically be
    cancelled and cease to exist and will be converted into the
    right to receive $12.50 in cash, without interest, per share.

 

As a result of the merger, Clayton Homes will
    cease to be an independent, publicly traded company and will
    become a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway.

The Companies (see page 7)

Clayton Homes, Inc.

Clayton Homes, Inc. is a Delaware corporation and is
headquartered in Maryville, Tennessee. We are a vertically
integrated manufactured housing company with 20 manufacturing
plants, 296 company-owned stores, 610 independent retailers, 85
manufactured housing communities, and financial services
operations that provide mortgage services for over 168,000
customers and insurance protection for approximately 100,000
families. Our principal executive offices are located at 5000
Clayton Road, Maryville, Tennessee 37804 and our telephone
number is (865) 380-3000.

Unless the context otherwise indicates, the terms
Clayton Homes, we, us or
our mean Clayton Homes, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries.

Berkshire Hathaway
Inc.
 Berkshire Hathaway Inc., which we
refer to in this proxy statement as Berkshire Hathaway, is a
Delaware corporation. It is a holding company owning
subsidiaries engaged in a number of diverse business activities,
the most significant of which is the property and casualty
insurance and reinsurance business. Warren E. Buffett is
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Berkshire
Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway common stock is traded on the New
York Stock Exchange under the symbols BRK.A for its
Class A common stock and BRK.B for its
Class B common stock. Berkshire Hathaways principal
address is 1440 Kiewit Plaza, Omaha, Nebraska 68131 and its
telephone number is (402) 346-1400.

B Merger Sub
Inc.
 B Merger Sub Inc., which we
refer to in this proxy statement as Merger Sub, is a Delaware
corporation formed solely for the purpose of merging into
Clayton Homes and has not conducted any business activities
since its organization. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary
of Berkshire Hathaway. Merger Subs principal address is
1440 Kiewit Plaza, Omaha, Nebraska 68131 and its telephone
number is (402) 346-1400.

What You Will Be Entitled to Receive upon
Completion of the Merger (see page 35)

If we complete the merger, holders of our common
stock will be entitled to receive merger consideration equal to
$12.50 in cash, without interest, for each share of common stock
that they own. After we complete the merger, holders of our
common stock will no longer own Clayton Homes common stock and
Berkshire Hathaway will be the sole stockholder of Clayton Homes.



The Special Meeting (see
page 9)

Date, Time and Place of the Special
Meeting.
 The special meeting is
scheduled to be held as follows:

Date:

,

Time:

,
    EDT

Place:

Clayton Homes Headquarters,

    5000 Clayton Road

    Maryville, Tennessee

Proposal to Be Considered at the Special
Meeting.
 At the special meeting, you
will be asked to vote on a proposal to adopt the agreement and
plan of merger, which we will refer to in this proxy statement
as the merger agreement. A copy of the merger agreement is
attached as Annex A to this proxy statement.

Record Date.
 Our
board of directors has fixed the close of business
on                     ,
2003, as the record date for the special meeting and only
holders of record of our common stock on the record date are
entitled to vote at the special meeting. On the record date,
there were outstanding and entitled to
vote                 shares
of common stock.

Voting Rights; Vote Required for
Approval.
 Each share of our common
stock entitles its holder to one vote on all matters properly
coming before the special meeting. The presence in person or
representation by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a
majority of the votes of all issued and outstanding shares
entitled to vote on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement,
considered together, shall constitute a quorum for the purpose
of considering that matter.

If you hold your shares in an account with a
broker or bank, you must instruct the broker or bank on how to
vote your shares. If an executed proxy card returned by a broker
or bank holding shares indicates that the broker or bank does
not have authority to vote on the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement, the shares will be considered present at the meeting
for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, but will
not be voted on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. This
is called a broker non-vote. Your broker or bank will vote your
shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote by
following the instructions provided to you by your broker or
bank.

Under Delaware law, adoption of the merger
proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of all
outstanding shares of Clayton Homes common stock. 
ABSTENTIONS
AND BROKER NON-VOTES WILL HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS A VOTE AGAINST
THE PROPOSAL TO ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

James L. Clayton, Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Clayton Homes, and the Clayton Family Foundation,
which together hold 37,663,862 shares of our common stock,
representing approximately 28% of the total votes entitled to be
cast at the special meeting, have entered into a stockholders
agreement with Berkshire Hathaway obligating Mr. Clayton
and the Clayton Family Foundation to vote their shares in favor
of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. The stockholders
agreement will terminate upon the termination of the merger
agreement, including termination on account of a superior
takeover proposal that is received by Clayton Homes or publicly
communicated on or before May 9, 2003. If the merger
agreement is terminated following receipt of another takeover
proposal after May 9, 2003, shares owned by these
stockholders will generally remain subject to the terms of the
stockholders agreement for a twelve-month period following
termination of the merger agreement. In addition, each of our
directors and executive officers has indicated that he or she
intends to vote his or her own shares in favor of the proposal
to adopt the merger agreement. If our directors and executive
officers, including Mr. Clayton who has entered into the
stockholders agreement, vote their shares in favor of adopting
the merger agreement, 29.15% of the outstanding voting power of
shares of common stock will have voted for the proposal to adopt
the merger agreement. This means that holders of just over
20.85% of the voting power of all shares entitled to vote at the
meeting would need to vote for the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement in order for it to be adopted.



Voting and Revocation of
Proxies.
 After carefully reading and
considering the information contained in this proxy statement,
you should complete, date and sign your proxy card and mail it
in the enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your
shares are represented at the special meeting. You can also vote
in person at the meeting, but we encourage you to submit your
proxy now in any event. Unless you specify to the contrary on
your proxy card, all of your shares represented by valid proxies
will be voted FOR the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement.

PLEASE DO NOT SEND IN YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES
WITH YOUR PROXY CARD. If the merger is completed, a separate
letter of transmittal will be mailed to you which will enable
you to exchange your stock certificates for the merger
consideration.

Until exercised at the special meeting, you can
revoke your proxy and change your vote in any of the following
ways:

 

by delivering written notification to Clayton
    Homes at our principal executive offices at 5000 Clayton Road,
    Maryville, Tennessee 37804, Attention: Thomas D. Hodges,
    Secretary;

 

by delivering a proxy of a later date by mail in
    the manner described in this proxy statement;

 

by attending the special meeting and voting in
    person (your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself,
    revoke your proxy; you must vote in person at the meeting); or

 

if you have instructed a broker or bank to vote
    your shares, by following the directions received from your
    broker or bank to change those instructions.

Questions and Additional
Information.
 For additional
information regarding the procedure for delivering your proxy
see The Special Meeting  Voting and Revocation
of Proxies and The Special Meeting 
Solicitation of Proxies. If you have more questions about
the merger or how to submit your proxy, or if you need
additional copies of this proxy statement or the enclosed proxy
card or voting instructions, please call our proxy solicitor,
Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., toll-free at
(800) 669-9886 (banks and brokerage firms call collect at
(212) 440-9800), or contact Clayton Homes in writing at our
principal executive offices at 5000 Clayton Road, Maryville,
Tennessee 37804, Attention: Thomas D. Hodges, Secretary, or by
telephone at (865) 380-3000.

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors (see
page 14)

After careful consideration, our board of
directors unanimously:

 

determined that the merger is advisable and that
    the terms of the merger are fair to, and in the best interests
    of, Clayton Homes and its stockholders;

 

approved the merger agreement and the
    transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger; and

 

recommended that our stockholders vote to approve
    and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
    thereby, including the merger.

Our board of directors recommends that you
vote FOR the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
at the special meeting.

For a discussion of the material factors
considered by our board of directors in reaching its conclusions
and the reasons why our board of directors determined that the
merger is fair, see The Merger  Reasons for the
Merger.

Opinion of Financial Advisor (see
page 16)

On March 28, 2003, Morgan Keegan &
Company, Inc. delivered to our board of directors its oral
opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in a written opinion,
dated March 31, 2003, that, as of such date and based on
and subject to the matters set forth in its opinion, the $12.50
per share in cash to be



received by the holders of our common stock in
the merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to those
holders.

The full text of Morgan Keegans opinion,
which describes the assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken by Morgan Keegan in
connection with its opinion, is attached as Annex C to this
proxy statement. Morgan Keegan provided its opinion for the
information of our board of directors in its consideration of
the merger. Morgan Keegans opinion is not a recommendation
as to how our stockholders should vote with respect to the
merger. We urge you to read the opinion carefully and in its
entirety.

Interest of Directors and Executive Officers
in the Merger (see page 31)

In considering the recommendation of our board of
directors that you vote for the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement so that the merger can occur, you should be aware that
some of our executive officers and members of our board of
directors have interests in the merger that may be in addition
to or different from the interests of our stockholders
generally. These interests include the following:

 

our directors and executive officers hold options
    to purchase shares of our common stock that will be entitled to
    participate in the cash tender offer by Clayton Homes in the
    same manner as options held by other persons, except that
    unvested options granted under the 1996 Outside Directors Equity
    Plan will terminate with the merger;

 

under existing employment agreements, our
    executive officers may receive severance payments in the event
    that their employment is involuntarily terminated after the
    completion of the merger;

 

existing indemnification arrangements and
    insurance for our directors and officers will be continued if
    the merger is completed;

 

upon completion of the merger, our current
    officers will be the officers of the surviving corporation; and

 

several of our current directors may be elected
    to serve on the board of directors of the surviving corporation.

The members of our board of directors were aware
of these interests and considered them at the time they approved
the merger.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
(see page 30)

The merger will be a taxable transaction for all
U.S. holders of Clayton Homes common stock. As a result,
assuming you are a U.S. taxpayer, the exchange of your shares of
Clayton Homes common stock for cash in the merger will be
subject to United States federal income tax and also may be
taxed under applicable state, local, and other tax laws. In
general, you will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
between (1) $12.50 and (2) the adjusted tax basis of
your shares of Clayton Homes common stock. You should consult
your tax advisor on how specific tax consequences of the merger
apply to you.

Regulatory Approvals (see
page 29)

Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, which we refer to as the
HSR Act, and the rules promulgated thereunder by the Federal
Trade Commission, the merger may not be completed until
notification and report forms have been filed with the FTC and
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the
applicable waiting period has expired or been terminated.
Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway filed notification and
report forms under the HSR Act with the FTC and the Antitrust
Division on April      , 2003. It
is a condition to the closing of the merger that the waiting
period under the HSR Act with respect to the merger expires, or
that the FTC and the Antitrust Division grant early termination
of the waiting period under the HSR Act.



Stock Option Tender Offer (see page
36)

Our equity compensation plans do not provide that
stock options granted under those plans terminate in the event
of a change in control transaction, such as the merger. As a
result, the merger agreement requires that we offer to each
holder of our outstanding stock options, other than holders of
unvested stock options granted under our 1996 Outside Directors
Equity Plan, the right to tender for cancellation all of his or
her options in exchange for cash. Our offer to purchase and
cancel stock options will be made on the terms and subject to
the conditions described in the offer to purchase and related
materials that we will distribute to holders of our stock
options and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Each option holder should review these documents carefully when
they are available before deciding whether to accept our offer
because these documents contain important information regarding
the offer.

The Merger Agreement (see page 35)

Conditions to the Merger (see page
40).
 The completion of the merger
depends on the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions,
including the following:

 

The merger agreement must have been adopted by
    the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all
    outstanding shares of Clayton Homes common stock;

 

No legal prohibition to the merger may be in
    effect;

 

The number of holders of options to purchase
    shares of our common stock must not be more than 100, and the
    number of shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise
    of our stock options must not be more than 250,000 shares,
    following the completion of our stock option tender offer;

 

All governmental consents, orders and approvals
    required for the completion of the merger must be obtained and
    be in effect, or applicable waiting periods must have terminated
    or expired;

 

Our and Berkshire Hathaways respective
    representations and warranties in the merger agreement must be
    true and correct in all material respects; and

 

Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway must have
    performed all material obligations that each is required to
    perform under the merger agreement.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (see page
42).
 The merger agreement may be
terminated at any time before the completion of the merger,
whether before or after stockholders have adopted the merger
agreement:

 

By mutual consent of Clayton Homes and Berkshire
    Hathaway;

 

By either Clayton Homes or Berkshire Hathaway, if:

 

Any final, non-appealable governmental order,
    decree, ruling or other action prohibits the completion of the
    merger, except that the party seeking to terminate (with certain
    limitations in the case of Berkshire Hathaway) must have used
    all reasonable efforts to challenge that order, decree, ruling
    or other action; or

 

The merger is not completed on or before the
    outside date of August 30, 2003, subject to certain
    exceptions; or

 

By Berkshire Hathaway, if:

 

Our stockholders fail to adopt the merger
    agreement at the special meeting;

 

Our board of directors withdraws or modifies, or
    proposes to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Berkshire
    Hathaway its recommendation for adoption of the merger
    agreement, or fails to reconfirm its recommendation within three
    business days after a written request to do so, or recommends,
    or proposes to recommend, to our stockholders any takeover
    proposal by a third party; or



 

We have breached any of our representations or
    warranties qualified by materiality in any respect or those not
    qualified by materiality in any material respect or any of our
    material obligations under the merger agreement where that
    breach cannot be cured within 15 business days after Berkshire
    Hathaway delivers written notice of the breach; or

 

By Clayton Homes, if:

 

Our stockholders fail to adopt the merger
    agreement at the special meeting;

 

We concurrently enter into a definitive agreement
    providing for a superior acquisition proposal, provided that we
    have complied with our obligations under the merger agreement
    described under The Merger Agreement  No
    Solicitation of Other Offers, and provided that we have
    paid to Berkshire Hathaway the $35 million termination fee
    and the out-of-pocket expenses of Berkshire Hathaway and Merger
    Sub not to exceed $1 million as described under The
    Merger Agreement  Termination Fees; or

 

Berkshire Hathaway has breached any of its
    representations or warranties qualified by materiality in any
    respect or those not qualified by materiality in any material
    respect or any of its material obligations under the merger
    agreement where that breach cannot be cured within 15 business
    days after we deliver written notice of the breach.

Termination Fees (see page 43).

In certain circumstances, the board of
directors has the right to terminate the merger agreement in
connection with the receipt of a superior acquisition proposal,
as further described in The Merger Agreement 
Termination of the Merger Agreement. In that event, and in
certain other specified circumstances, the merger agreement
provides that upon termination we must pay to Berkshire Hathaway
a termination fee of $35 million and the out-of-pocket
expenses of Berkshire Hathaway and Merger Sub not to exceed
$1 million. See The Merger Agreement 
Termination Fees.

Appraisal Rights (see page 33)

You have the right under Delaware law to dissent
from the adoption of the merger agreement and to exercise
appraisal rights and receive payment in cash for the fair value
of your shares of our common stock in the event the merger is
completed. The fair value of your shares of our common stock as
determined in accordance with Delaware law may be more or less
than the merger consideration to be paid to non-dissenting
stockholders in the merger. To preserve your appraisal rights,
you must not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement, must not return a signed but not voted proxy card and
must follow specific procedures. You must precisely follow these
specific procedures to exercise your appraisal rights, or you
may lose them. These procedures are described in this proxy
statement, and the provisions of Delaware law that grant
appraisal rights and govern those procedures are attached as
Annex D. We encourage you to read these provisions
carefully and in their entirety if you intend to exercise your
appraisal rights.



THE COMPANIES

Clayton Homes

Clayton Homes produces, sells, finances and
insures primarily low to medium-priced manufactured homes. Our
20 manufacturing plants produce homes that are marketed in
33 states through 296 company-owned stores,
610 independent retailers and 85 manufactured housing
communities. We offer installment financing and insurance
products to our home buyers and those buying from selected
independent retailers. This financing is provided through our
wholly owned finance subsidiary, Vanderbilt Mortgage and
Finance, Inc. We act as agent, and earn commissions and reinsure
risks on physical damage, family protection and home buyer
protection insurance policies issued by a non-related insurance
company in connection with our home sales. We also develop, own
and manage manufactured housing communities.

We are a Delaware corporation whose predecessor
was incorporated in 1968 in Tennessee. Our principal executive
offices are located at 5000 Clayton Road, Maryville,
Tennessee 37804 and our telephone number is
(865) 380-3000.

Berkshire Hathaway

Berkshire Hathaway is a holding company owning
subsidiaries engaged in a number of diverse businesses. Its most
important business is the property and casualty insurance
business, which is conducted on both a direct and reinsurance
basis through a number of subsidiaries. Included in this group
of subsidiaries is GEICO Corporation, the sixth largest auto
insurer in the United States, and General Re Corporation, one of
the four largest reinsurers in the world.

Berkshire Hathaways non-insurance
subsidiaries conduct a variety of business activities, including:

 

diversified manufacturing and distribution of
    commercial and industrial products (Scott Fetzer, whose
    principal products are sold under the Kirby and Campbell
    Hausfeld brand names)

 

the retail sale of home furnishings, appliances,
    electronics, fine jewelry and gifts (Nebraska Furniture Mart,
    R.C. Willey Home Furnishings, Star Furniture, Jordans
    Furniture, Borsheims, Helzberg Diamond Shops and Ben
    Bridge Jeweler)

 

the manufacturing and distribution of apparel
    (Garan, H.H. Brown Shoe Group, Justin Brands, Fruit of the Loom
    and Fechheimer Brothers)

 

the training of operators of aircraft and ships
    and providing fractional ownership programs for general aviation
    aircraft (FlightSafety International and NetJets)

 

the manufacturing and distribution of a variety
    of building materials and related products and services (Acme
    Building Brands, Benjamin Moore, Johns Manville and MiTek)

 

the manufacturing and distribution of carpet and
    floor coverings (Shaw Industries)

 

proprietary investing, real estate financing,
    transportation equipment leasing and risk management products
    (BH Finance, Berkshire Hathaway Credit Corporation, General Re
    Securities and XTRA Corporation), and

 

other businesses (Buffalo News, Sees
    Candies, International Dairy Queen, CORT Business Services,
    Albecca, The Pampered Chef and CTB International).

Operating decisions for Berkshire Hathaways
various businesses are made by the managers of the business
units. Investment decisions and all other capital allocation
decisions are made by Warren E. Buffett, in consultation
with Charles T. Munger. Mr. Buffett is chairman and
Mr. Munger is vice chairman of the board of directors of
Berkshire Hathaway.

Berkshire Hathaways executive offices are
located at 1440 Kiewit Plaza, Omaha, Nebraska 68131, and
its telephone number is (402) 346-1400.



Merger Sub

Merger Sub is a Delaware corporation formed
solely for the purpose of merging into Clayton Homes and has not
conducted any business activities since its organization. Merger
Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. The
executive offices of Merger Sub are located at 1440 Kiewit
Plaza, Omaha, Nebraska 68131, and its telephone number is
(402) 346-1400.



THE SPECIAL MEETING

This proxy statement is furnished in connection
with the solicitation of proxies by our board of directors in
connection with a special meeting of our stockholders.

Date, Time and Place of the Special
Meeting

The special meeting is scheduled to be held as
follows:

Date:

,

Time:

,
    EDT

Place:

Clayton Homes Headquarters

    5000 Clayton Road

    Maryville, Tennessee

Proposal to be Considered at the Special
Meeting

At the special meeting, you will consider and
vote upon a proposal to adopt an agreement and plan of merger,
dated as of April 1, 2003, by and among Berkshire Hathaway,
Merger Sub and Clayton Homes. A copy of the merger agreement is
attached as Annex A to this proxy statement.

Record Date

Our board of directors has fixed the close of
business
on                     ,
2003, as the record date for the special meeting and only
holders of record of Clayton Homes common stock on the record
date are entitled to vote at the special meeting. On the record
date, there were outstanding and entitled to
vote                     shares
of common stock.

Voting Rights; Quorum; Vote Required for
Approval

Each share of common stock entitles its holder to
one vote on all matters properly coming before the special
meeting. The presence in person or representation by proxy of
stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes of all
issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote on the proposal
to adopt the merger agreement, considered together, shall
constitute a quorum for the purpose of considering the proposal.
Shares of our common stock represented at the special meeting
but not voted, including shares of our common stock for which
proxies have been received but for which stockholders have
abstained, will be treated as present at the special meeting for
purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for
the transaction of all business. In the event that a quorum is
not present at the special meeting, it is expected that the
meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit additional
proxies.

If you hold your shares in an account with a
broker or bank, you must instruct the broker or bank on how to
vote your shares. If an executed proxy card returned by a broker
or bank holding shares indicates that the broker or bank does
not have authority to vote on the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement, the shares will be considered present at the meeting
for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, but will
not be voted on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. This
is called a broker non-vote. Your broker or bank will vote your
shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote by
following the instructions provided to you by your broker or
bank.

Adoption of the merger proposal requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding
shares of Clayton Homes common stock.

ABSTENTIONS AND BROKER NON-VOTES WILL HAVE THE
SAME EFFECT AS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL TO ADOPT THE MERGER
AGREEMENT.

James L. Clayton, Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Clayton Homes, and the Clayton Family Foundation,
which together hold 37,663,862 shares of our common stock,
representing approximately 28% of the total votes entitled to be
cast at the special meeting, have entered into a stockholders
agreement



with Berkshire Hathaway obligating
Mr. Clayton and the Clayton Family Foundation to vote their
shares in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.
The stockholders agreement will terminate upon the termination
of the merger agreement, including termination on account of a
superior takeover proposal that is received by Clayton Homes or
publicly communicated on or before May 9, 2003. If the
merger agreement is terminated following receipt of another
takeover proposal after May 9, 2003, these stockholders
will generally remain subject to the terms of the stockholders
agreement for a twelve-month period following termination of the
merger agreement. In addition, each of our directors and
executive officers has indicated that he or she intends to vote
his or her own shares in favor of the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement. If our directors and executive officers,
including Mr. Clayton who has entered into the stockholders
agreement, vote their shares in favor of adopting the merger
agreement, 29.15% of the voting power of the outstanding shares
of common stock will have voted for the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement. This means that holders of just over 20.85% of
the voting power of all shares entitled to vote at the meeting
would need to vote for the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement in order for it to be adopted. See The Merger
Agreement  Stockholders Agreement.

Voting and Revocation of Proxies

Stockholders of record may submit proxies by
mail. Stockholders who wish to submit a proxy by mail should
mark, date, sign and return the proxy card in the envelope
furnished. Stockholders who hold shares beneficially through a
nominee (such as a bank or broker) may be able to submit a proxy
by telephone or the Internet if those services are offered by
the nominee.

Proxies received at any time before the special
meeting, and not revoked or superseded before being voted, will
be voted at the special meeting. Where a specification is
indicated by the proxy, it will be voted in accordance with the
specification. Where no specification is indicated, the proxy
will be voted FOR the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement.

The persons you name as proxies may propose and
vote for one or more adjournments or postponements of the
special meeting, including adjournments or postponements to
permit further solicitations of proxies. No proxy voted against
the proposal to adopt the merger agreement will be voted in
favor of any adjournment or postponement.

PLEASE DO NOT SEND IN YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES
WITH YOUR PROXY CARD. When the merger is completed, a separate
letter of transmittal will be mailed to you that will enable you
to receive the merger consideration.

Until your proxy is exercised at the special
meeting, you can revoke your proxy and change your vote in any
of the following ways:

 

by delivering written notification to Clayton
    Homes at our principal executive offices at 5000 Clayton
    Road, Maryville, Tennessee 37804, Attention: Thomas D. Hodges,
    Secretary;

 

by delivering a proxy of a later date in the
    manner described herein;

 

by attending the special meeting and voting in
    person (your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself,
    revoke your proxy; you must vote in person at the meeting); or

 

if you have instructed a broker or bank to vote
    your shares, by following the directions received from your
    broker or bank to change those instructions.

Appraisal Rights

If you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you
must not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement,
must not return a signed but not voted proxy card and must
follow specific procedures. You must precisely follow these
specific procedures to exercise your appraisal rights, or you
may lose your appraisal rights. See The Merger 
Appraisal Rights.



Solicitation of Proxies

We will bear the expenses in connection with the
solicitation of proxies. Arrangements will also be made with
brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries
for the forwarding of solicitation material to the beneficial
owners of common stock held of record by those persons, and we
may reimburse them for their reasonable transaction and clerical
expenses. Solicitation of proxies will be made principally by
mail. Proxies may also be solicited in person, or by telephone,
facsimile, telegram or other means of communication, by our
officers and regular employees. These people will receive no
additional compensation for these services, but will be
reimbursed for any transaction expenses incurred by them in
connection with these services. We have retained Georgeson
Shareholder Communications Inc., a proxy solicitation firm, for
assistance in connection with the solicitation of proxies for
the special meeting at an anticipated cost of $12,500 plus
reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for such
items as mailing, copying, phone calls, faxes and other related
items. In addition, we will indemnify Georgeson Shareholder
Communications Inc. against any losses arising out of that
firms proxy soliciting services on our behalf.

Questions and Additional Information

If you have more questions about the merger or
how to submit your proxy, or if you need additional copies of
this proxy statement or the enclosed proxy card or voting
instructions, please call our proxy solicitor, Georgeson
Shareholder Communications Inc., toll-free at
(800) 669-9886 (banks and brokerage firms call collect at
(212) 440-9800), or contact Clayton Homes in writing at our
principal executive offices at 5000 Clayton Road,
Maryville, Tennessee 37804, Attention: Thomas D. Hodges,
Secretary, or by telephone at 865-380-3000.



THE MERGER

Background

The manufactured housing industry has been
experiencing significant difficulties. By the end of 2002,
industry shipments had declined for the fourth consecutive year
to 168,500 homes, having peaked in 1998 at
372,800 shipments. Lax underwriting practices over an
extended period resulted in an overheated industry shipment
level. As the general economy slowed, certain of the
manufactured housing markets were immediately impacted and the
overall industry capacity was dramatically affected.

Across the industry, the number of retail
locations has declined from close to 10,000 in 1999 to under
5,000 today. At the same time, companies were forced to close
factories, which had peaked at 336, and currently are close to
200. Lenders also began to exit, with recent announcements
resulting in Clayton Homes, through our Vanderbilt Mortgage
subsidiary, being the only remaining issuer of manufactured
housing asset backed securities.

In the first quarter of 2003, the foreclosure
inventory overhang from the bankruptcies of Conseco Inc. and
Oakwood Homes Corporation became a significant concern. The
immediate impact was felt in the securitization markets, as
yield spreads widened, a greater percentage of subordinated
bonds had to be retained, and transaction execution became more
expensive.

With the continued negative macro-economic
indicators coupled with manufactured housing pressures on the
financing sector, it became evident to our management that
alternative financing sources needed to be secured and perhaps a
longer term strategic partner should be considered.

On March 3, 2003, Warren Buffett, the
Chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, contacted Kevin T. Clayton,
Chief Executive Officer and President of Clayton Homes, to
indicate that Berkshire Hathaway was interested in acquiring
Clayton Homes. On March 4, 2003, Mr. Buffett advised
Mr. Clayton that Berkshire Hathaway would offer to acquire
all of the outstanding shares of our common stock for $12.50 per
share in cash. Mr. Buffett emphasized that Berkshire
Hathaway would expect the Clayton Homes management to continue
to run the business. He also indicated that Berkshire Hathaway
would not be interested in pursuing a transaction if Clayton
Homes contacted other potential purchasers. Mr. Clayton
indicated to Mr. Buffett that he did not know whether the
Berkshire Hathaway proposal would be acceptable to our board of
directors.

Over the next several days, Kevin Clayton and
James Clayton held discussions with each of our directors
advising them that Berkshire Hathaway had proposed to acquire
all of the outstanding shares of our common stock for $12.50 per
share in cash. Our board of directors recommended that
Mr. Kevin Clayton seek to achieve a higher price from
Berkshire Hathaway for the proposed acquisition.

On March 10, 2003, Mr. Buffett and
Mr. Kevin Clayton discussed the Berkshire Hathaway proposal
to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Clayton Homes common
stock for $12.50 in cash. Mr. Clayton asked
Mr. Buffett whether Berkshire Hathaway would be willing to
consider proposing a higher price than $12.50 per share.
Mr. Buffett responded that Berkshire Hathaway was unwilling
to consider a higher price.

On March 12, 2003, Clayton Homes and
Berkshire Hathaway executed a confidentiality agreement and
Clayton Homes sent Berkshire Hathaway due diligence materials.

On March 20, 2003, directors James Clayton,
Kevin Clayton, Steve Davis, Dan Evins, Wilma Jordan and Warren
Neel met informally to select an investment banker to advise our
board of directors with respect to the Berkshire Hathaway
proposal. After identifying firms that follow the manufactured
housing industry, these directors evaluated proposals from three
such firms. These directors reached a consensus that Clayton
Homes should retain Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., as the
investment banker. These directors also agreed to retain Hunton
& Williams as counsel. Because all directors were not in
attendance, these actions were subsequently ratified by a
written consent executed by all of our directors.



On March 17, 2003, we received a draft of a
merger agreement and a stockholders agreement from counsel for
Berkshire Hathaway. The terms of these agreements were
negotiated over the next 15 days.

On March 27, 2003, the compensation
committee of our board of directors met to address the likely
impact of the Berkshire Hathaway offer on our outstanding stock
options. John J. Kalec, our Chief Financial Officer,
informed the compensation committee that the Berkshire Hathaway
offer permitted Clayton Homes to expend up to $19.5 million
to cancel outstanding options to purchase shares of our common
stock, including options that were not vested and options whose
exercise price was greater than $12.50 per underlying share. The
compensation committee worked with Mr. Kalec to develop an
appropriate means of valuing the outstanding options so as to
spread the $19.5 million fairly among all option holders.
Standard & Poors Corporate Value Consulting
division (CVC) was retained to assist in developing a
method for valuing outstanding options and to perform the
calculations for each option holder.

On March 28, 2003, a special meeting of our
board of directors was held by conference call. At that meeting,
representatives of Hunton & Williams reviewed their prior
written advice to our board of directors regarding its fiduciary
duties under Delaware law in connection with the proposed
transaction. Our directors also received an extensive
presentation from Morgan Keegan setting forth that firms
evaluation of Clayton Homes from a variety of perspectives,
including a peer group analysis, a selected precedent
transactions analysis, a discounted cash flow analysis and a
premium to market price analysis. The Morgan Keegan
representatives also discussed with our directors other
strategic alternatives that might be available for our board of
directors to consider. In the discussions, Morgan Keegan was not
able to identify another likely strategic buyer because of the
distressed state of the manufactured housing industry; nor did
there appear to be a substantial likelihood, with the problems
facing the manufactured housing industry, that a financial buyer
would be willing to match the Berkshire Hathaway offer price.
The representatives of Morgan Keegan expressed their conclusion
that the $12.50 per share to be received by holders of Clayton
Homes common stock in the merger is fair, from a financial
point of view, to those stockholders.

James L. Clayton, Chairman of our board of
directors, noted that he had considered pursuing a going private
transaction but decided that such a transaction was not feasible
because raising the necessary capital would be difficult and
costly. Our directors also discussed whether to simply stay the
course, but the general consensus was that the many difficulties
facing the manufactured housing industry likely would continue
for an extended period and could be expected to have an
increasingly negative effect on our business.

A representative of Hunton & Williams
then led our board of directors through the principal provisions
of the drafts of the merger agreement and the stockholders
agreement, noting that copies of the agreements would be
provided to each director immediately after the meeting. Special
attention was given to the provisions in the merger agreement
limiting the ability of the directors to pursue another offer.
Counsel emphasized that on or before May 9, 2003, our board
of directors would be able to accept a third party offer that it
considered to be a superior proposal, but would have to pay a
breakup fee to Berkshire Hathaway of $35 million and
reimburse Berkshire Hathaway for its out of pocket expenses in
an amount of up to $1 million. Counsel noted that the
breakup fee of slightly in excess of 2% of the total offer price
was relatively low as compared to other transactions. Counsel
then emphasized that the window period for superior offers
should provide sufficient time for an adequate market check on
the fairness of the Berkshire Hathaway offer.

Our directors then agreed to adjourn without
taking any action in order to permit our independent directors
to meet separately. Following the meeting, our independent
directors continued to meet with representatives of
Hunton & Williams. They discussed various aspects of
the process being followed, the presentation by Morgan Keegan,
the negative state of the manufactured housing industry and its
potential impact on Clayton Homes, especially in relation to its
ongoing funding needs. Our independent directors focused on the
well recognized unwillingness of Berkshire Hathaway to
participate in an auction process and the absence of clearly
identifiable alternative bidders, all of which made essential
the provision in the



merger agreement preserving the opportunity for
our board of directors to consider a higher offer after
announcement of the proposed merger. Our independent directors
decided to take no formal action and to reconvene before the
next meeting of our board of directors. Thomas McAdams, in his
capacity as James Claytons personal counsel, reviewed the
stockholders agreement and provided comments on that agreement
to Berkshire Hathaways counsel.

On March 31, 2003, Morgan Keegan delivered
its final report and its written opinion that the merger
consideration of $12.50 per share is fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Clayton Homes common stock.

On April 1, 2003, our independent directors
reconvened with representatives of Hunton & Williams
and received an update of recent developments, including a
review of changes to the merger agreement and a description of
refinements to the Morgan Keegan report. Our independent
directors reviewed again with counsel the options that they
would have in the event that a proposal that had the potential
to be superior was received following the announcement of any
agreement with Berkshire Hathaway. Our independent directors all
agreed that it was essential for our board of directors to be
informed immediately of any expression of interest from a third
party. Our independent directors also discussed the ongoing
funding needs of Clayton Homes and the manner in which those
needs would be satisfied following the execution of the merger
agreement. Finally, our independent directors reviewed again
possible other alternatives available to Clayton Homes. After an
extended discussion, each of our independent directors expressed
his or her support for the proposed merger with Berkshire
Hathaway.

Following the meeting of our independent
directors, a special meeting of our board of directors was
convened. Representatives of Hunton & Williams reviewed
with our board of directors the changes to the merger agreement
and Mr. McAdams, in his capacity as James Claytons
personal counsel, reviewed the latest changes to the
stockholders agreement to be executed by James Clayton and the
Clayton Family Foundation. Our directors also reviewed the
proposed structure of the offer that we would make to terminate
substantially all of our outstanding options. After extended
discussions, our board of directors unanimously
(1) determined that the merger with Berkshire Hathaway is
advisable and that the terms of the merger are fair to, and in
the best interests of, Clayton Homes and its stockholders,
(2) approved the merger agreement and (3) recommended
that our stockholders adopt it. Our board of directors also
authorized an offer by Clayton Homes to pay up to
$19.5 million to terminate outstanding options to acquire
shares of our common stock.

Following the special meeting of our board of
directors, the merger agreement and the stockholders agreement
were executed, and Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway issued a
joint press release publicly announcing the proposed merger.

Recommendation of Our Board of
Directors

After careful consideration, at a meeting held on
April 1, 2003, the board of directors of Clayton Homes
unanimously:

 

determined that the merger is advisable and that
    the terms of the merger are fair to, and in the best interests
    of, Clayton Homes and its stockholders;

 

approved the merger agreement and the
    transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger; and

 

recommended that our stockholders vote to approve
    and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
    thereby, including the merger.

Our board of directors recommends that you
vote FOR the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
at the special meeting.

Reasons for the Merger

In reaching its decision to approve the merger
agreement and to recommend that our stockholders adopt the
merger agreement, our board of directors consulted with
management, Morgan Keegan and



Clayton Homes outside counsel. Our board of
directors considered a number of factors, including, without
limitation, the following:

1. the current and historical market prices
    of our common stock relative to the merger consideration, and
    the fact that the $12.50 per share merger consideration
    represented a 12.31% premium over the closing price of our
    common stock on the last trading day before the public
    announcement of the merger;

2. the fact that the merger consideration is
    all cash, which provides certainty of value to holders of our
    common stock compared to a transaction in which stockholders
    would receive stock or other securities;

3. the fact that Berkshire Hathaway has the
    financial capability to consummate the merger expeditiously;

4. the significant problems confronting the
    manufactured housing industry, including sharp drops in
    shipments and in the number of retail locations, as well as the
    effect of these adversities on available financing for the
    industry;

5. the potential stockholder value that
    could be expected to be generated from the other strategic
    options available to us, including (a) remaining
    independent and continuing to implement our strategy and
    (b) pursuing other strategic alternatives, as well as the
    risks and uncertainties associated with those alternatives;

6. the financial presentation performed by
    Morgan Keegan on March 28, 2003, and the written opinion of
    Morgan Keegan delivered on March 31, 2003, to our board of
    directors to the effect that, as of such date and based on and
    subject to the matters set forth in that opinion, the $12.50 per
    share in cash to be received by holders of our common stock
    under the merger agreement is fair from a financial point of
    view to those holders;

7. discussions by our management regarding
    the business strategy, strategic options and prospects of
    Clayton Homes (as well as the risks involved in achieving these
    prospects), the nature of the industry in which we compete, and
    current industry, economic and market conditions, both on an
    historical and on a prospective basis;

8. that Clayton Homes will no longer exist
    as an independent company and our stockholders will no longer
    participate in the growth of Clayton Homes or the pursuit of our
    stand-alone business plan;

9. the terms of the merger agreement, as
    reviewed by our board of directors with our outside counsel,
    including:

 

the absence of a financing condition or other
    unusual conditions to the merger;

 

our ability to (a) furnish information to
    and conduct negotiations with a third party with regard to a
    superior acquisition proposal until May 9, 2003, and
    (b) terminate the merger agreement and enter into an
    agreement relating to a superior proposal under certain
    circumstances, in each case as more fully described under
    The Merger Agreement  No Solicitation of Other
    Offers; and

 

our inability to solicit other proposals and our
    obligation to pay to Berkshire Hathaway a $35 million
    termination fee and expenses if we terminate the merger
    agreement to accept a superior proposal, which may deter others
    from proposing an alternative transaction that may be more
    advantageous to our stockholders; and

10. the fact that gains from an all-cash
    transaction would be taxable to our U.S. stockholders for U.S.
    federal income tax purposes.

During its consideration of the transaction with
Berkshire Hathaway described above, our board of directors was
also aware that some of our directors and executive officers may
have interests in the merger



that are different than or in addition to those
of our stockholders generally, described under The
Merger  Interests of Directors and Executive Officers
in the Merger.

This discussion of the information and factors
considered and given weight by our board of directors is not
intended to be exhaustive, but is believed to address the
material information and factors considered by our board of
directors. In view of the number and variety of these factors,
our board of directors did not find it practicable to make
specific assessments of, or otherwise assign relative weights
to, the specific factors and analyses considered in reaching its
determination. The determination to approve the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger,
was made after consideration of all of the factors and analyses
as a whole. In addition, individual members of our board of
directors may have given different weights to different factors.

Opinion of Clayton Homes Financial
Advisor

Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. acted as
financial advisor to Clayton Homes in connection with the
merger. Pursuant to its engagement, Morgan Keegan was requested
by the Clayton Homes board of directors to deliver its opinion
to the board of directors as to whether the merger consideration
is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
Clayton Homes common stock. Morgan Keegan is a nationally
recognized investment banking firm and was selected by Clayton
Homes based on Morgan Keegans reputation and experience in
investment banking in general and its recognized expertise in
the valuation of businesses. On March 28, 2003, at the
special meeting of the Clayton Homes board of directors, Morgan
Keegan delivered to the board of directors its oral opinion,
which was subsequently confirmed in a written opinion, dated
March 31, 2003, that, as of such date and based on and
subject to the matters set forth in the opinion, the merger
consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Clayton Homes common stock.

You should consider the following when reading
the discussion of the opinion of Morgan Keegan herein:

 

You are urged to read carefully the entire
    opinion of Morgan Keegan, which is attached as Annex C to
    this proxy statement and is incorporated in this proxy statement
    by reference;

 

Morgan Keegans advisory services and
    opinion were provided to the board of directors of Clayton Homes
    for its information in its consideration of the merger and were
    directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view,
    of the merger consideration to the holders of Clayton Homes
    common stock; and

 

Morgan Keegans opinion does not constitute
    a recommendation as to whether or not any stockholder of Clayton
    Homes should vote in favor of the merger and does not address
    the underlying business decision of Clayton Homes to engage in
    the merger as compared to any other alternative business
    strategy that might exist for Clayton Homes or the effect of any
    other transactions in which Clayton Homes might engage.

Although Morgan Keegan evaluated the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to
the holders of Clayton Homes common stock under the merger
agreement, the merger consideration itself was determined by
Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway through arms-length
negotiations. Clayton Homes did not provide specific
instructions to, or place any limitations on, Morgan Keegan with
respect to the procedures to be followed or factors to be
considered by Morgan Keegan in performing its analyses or
providing its opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Keegan
reviewed, among other things, the following:

 

the draft merger agreement, dated March 26,
    2003;

 

certain publicly available business and financial
    information relating to Clayton Homes;



 

certain operating and financial information
    relating to Clayton Homes business and prospects,
    including certain forecasts and projections prepared by Clayton
    Homes management relating to each of Clayton Homes
    operating segments and the consolidated business; and

 

certain other business and financial information
    provided to Morgan Keegan by Clayton Homes.

Morgan Keegan also held discussions with various
members of the management of Clayton Homes concerning Clayton
Homes past and current business operations, financial
condition, future prospects and strategic objectives. In
addition, Morgan Keegan:

 

reviewed the reported historical prices and
    historical trading activity for Clayton Homes common stock;

 

compared and considered the financial performance
    of Clayton Homes with that of certain other publicly traded
    companies and their securities;

 

reviewed the financial terms, to the extent
    publicly available, of certain other business combinations and
    other transactions that Morgan Keegan deemed relevant;

 

analyzed the composite value of Clayton
    Homes various business segments by comparing the financial
    performance of each segment to certain publicly traded companies
    and their securities and by reviewing publicly available
    financial terms of business combinations and other transactions
    Morgan Keegan deemed relevant to the various business segments;
    and

 

performed such other analyses and considered such
    other factors as Morgan Keegan deemed appropriate.

Morgan Keegan assumed and relied upon, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the
information it reviewed in arriving at its opinion and did not
independently verify any of such information. With respect to
internal financial statements, financial and operational
forecasts and other financial and operating data, Morgan Keegan
assumed that such financial statements, forecasts and data had
been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of Clayton
Homes. Morgan Keegan also assumed that there had been no
material changes in Clayton Homes assets, financial
condition, results of operations, business or prospects since
the respective dates of the last financial statements made
available to it. Morgan Keegan did not make any independent
valuation, inspection or appraisal of the assets or liabilities
of Clayton Homes, nor was it furnished with any such appraisals
or valuations. In addition, Morgan Keegan assumed that the
merger will be consummated in accordance with the terms set
forth in the draft merger agreement, dated as of March 26,
2003, and in compliance with the applicable provisions of the
Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
all other applicable federal, state and local statutes, rules,
regulations and ordinances. Morgan Keegans opinion is
necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other
conditions as in effect on, and the information made available
to it as of, the date of its opinion. Morgan Keegan did not
express any opinion as to the actual value of Clayton Homes
common stock.

The following is a summary of the material
financial analyses used by Morgan Keegan in reaching its opinion
and does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses performed by Morgan Keegan. The following quantitative
information, to the extent it is based on market data, is based
on market data as it existed at or about March 25, 2003,
and is not necessarily indicative of current or future market
conditions. You should understand that the order of analyses and
the results derived from these analyses described below do not
represent relative importance or weight given to these analyses
by Morgan Keegan. The summary of the financial analyses includes
information presented in tabular format. In order to understand
fully the financial analyses used by Morgan Keegan, these tables
must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables
alone do not describe completely the financial analyses.

Stock Trading Analysis

Morgan Keegan reviewed the reported historical
prices and historical trading activity for Clayton Homes common
stock over the 180 active trading days beginning on July 9,
2002. Morgan Keegan



calculated the total number of shares traded at
certain share price ranges, beginning with less than $10.50 per
share and increasing at $0.10, $0.20, and $0.50 increments to
over $14.00 per share. Based on this stock trading analysis,
Morgan Keegan concluded that 68.0% of the total share volume
traded during this time period occurred at or below $12.50 per
share and 71.8% of the total share volume traded during this
time period occurred at or below $12.60 per share.

Peer Group Analysis

Morgan Keegan compared financial, market and
operating information of Clayton Homes with corresponding data
for selected publicly traded manufactured housing companies,
consisting of Cavalier Homes, Inc., Champion Enterprises, Inc.,
Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc., Nobility Homes, Inc., Palm Harbor
Homes, Inc., Skyline Corporation and Southern Energy Homes,
Inc., that Morgan Keegan deemed appropriate for comparison.

Specifically, Morgan Keegan:

 

calculated the enterprise value of each peer
    group company as a multiple of its latest twelve month
    (LTM) sales, LTM EBITDA and LTM EBIT;

 

calculated the market capitalization of each peer
    group company as a multiple of its LTM net income and latest
    publicly-available tangible book value; and

 

applied the median valuation multiples from the
    peer group to Clayton Homes results for the latest twelve
    months ended December 31, 2002, to derive an implied range
    of equity values and prices per share for Clayton Homes
    common stock.

The results of that analysis are set forth in the
following table:

Manufactured Housing Peer Group
Analysis

(Dollars in thousands, except per
share)

LTM Multiples

Manufactured Housing Peer Group

High

Low

Mean

Median

Sales

0.6x

0.0x

0.3x

0.2x

EBITDA

14.0x

3.0x

7.0x

5.2x

EBIT

34.8x

5.5x

NM

NM(1

)

Net Income

26.4x

8.6x

NM

NM

Tangible Book Value

1.4x

0.3x

0.9x

0.9x

Indicative Equity Value Range for CMH

LTM 12/31/02

CMH

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

Sales

$

1,212,544

$

711,769

$

53,164

$

339,408

$

230,405

$

1.68

EBITDA

$

218,583

$

3,049,414

$

647,240

$

1,530,082

$

1,142,651

$

8.35

EBIT

$

201,500

$

7,009,626

$

1,115,793

NM

NM

NM

Net Income

$

124,128

$

3,274,383

$

1,072,224

NM

NM

NM

Tangible Book Value

$

1,295,827

$

1,836,318

$

395,763

$

1,135,243

$

1,214,829

$

8.88

Net Debt(2):  

$

 Note:

(1) 

Not meaningful.

(2) 

Short-term debt, long-term debt and preferred
    stock minus cash and marketable securities.

Morgan Keegan believes Clayton Homes deserves a
valuation multiple in excess of the median multiple of the peer
group in recognition of the relative strength of Clayton
Homes balance sheet and



more robust operating margins. Accordingly,
Morgan Keegan believes a fair valuation range based on the peer
group analysis is between the median EBITDA multiple and mean
EBITDA multiple (which is skewed to the high side because of
Southern Energy Homes low operating margin).

Peer Group Segment Analysis

Morgan Keegan compared:

 

financial, market and operating information of
    Clayton Homes Manufacturing and Retail segment with
    corresponding data for the manufactured housing companies listed
    above under Peer Group Analysis;

 

financial, market and operating information of
    Clayton Homes Communities segment with corresponding data
    for selected manufactured housing communities companies,
    consisting of American Land Lease, Inc., Chateau Communities,
    Inc., Manufactured Home Communities, Inc., Sun Communities, Inc.
    and United Mobile Homes, Inc., that Morgan Keegan deemed
    appropriate for comparison;

 

financial, market and operating information of
    Clayton Homes Special Consumer Finance (Vanderbilt)
    segment with corresponding data for selected specialty consumer
    finance companies, consisting of American Business Financial
    Services, Inc., American Home Mortgage Holdings, Inc., Crescent
    Banking Company, Countrywide Financial Corp., GreenPoint
    Financial Corp., IndyMac Bancorp, Inc., New Century Financial
    Corp., Novastar Financial, Inc., Ocwen Financial Corporation and
    Saxon Capital, Inc., that Morgan Keegan deemed appropriate for
    comparison; and

 

financial, market and operating information of
    Clayton Homes Property/Casualty Insurance segment with
    corresponding data for selected property/casualty insurance
    companies, consisting of Alfa Corporation, Donegal Group, Inc.,
    Harleysville Group Inc., The Midland Company, Ohio Casualty
    Corporation, SAFECO Corporation, State Auto Financial
    Corporation, Travelers Property Casualty Corp. and Vesta
    Insurance Group, Inc., that Morgan Keegan deemed appropriate for
    comparison.

Manufacturing and Retail Segment

For Clayton Homes Manufacturing and Retail
segment, Morgan Keegan:

 

calculated the enterprise value of each peer
    group company as a multiple of its LTM EBITDA and LTM EBIT;

 

calculated the market capitalization of each peer
    group company as a multiple of its latest publicly available
    tangible book value; and

 

applied the median valuation multiples from the
    peer group to the forecasted results for Clayton Homes
    Manufacturing and Retail segment for the fiscal year ending
    June 30, 2003, to derive an implied range of equity values
    and prices per share of Clayton Homes common stock for that
    segment.

The results of that analysis are set forth in the
following table:

Manufacturing and Retail Segments Peer Group
Analysis

(Dollars in thousands, except per
share)

LTM Multiples

Manufactured Housing Peer Group

High

Low

Mean

Median

EBITDA

14.0

x

3.0

x

7.0

x

5.2

x

EBIT

34.8

x

5.5

x

NM

NM

Tangible Book Value

1.4

x

0.3

x

0.9

x

0.9

x



Valuation

Indicative Equity Value Range for Mfg. & Retail Segments

FY 2003E

Mfg. & Retail

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

EBITDA

$

63,716

$

842,641

$

142,417

$

399,762

$

286,828

$

2.10

EBIT

$

52,794

$

1,790,287

$

246,074

NM

NM

NM

Tangible Book Value

$

237,484

$

336,539

$

72,531

$

208,054

$

222,640

$

1.63

Intercompany Debt:

$

46,440

Morgan Keegan believes that Clayton Homes
Manufacturing and Retail segment deserves a valuation multiple
in excess of the median multiple of the segment peer group in
recognition of the relatively strong operating results for
Clayton Homes Manufacturing and Retail segment.
Accordingly, Morgan Keegan believes a fair valuation range based
on this analysis is between the median EBITDA multiple and mean
EBITDA multiple (which is skewed to the high side because of
Southern Energy Homes low operating margin).

Communities Segment

For Clayton Homes Communities segment,
Morgan Keegan:

 

calculated the enterprise value of each peer
    group company as a multiple of its LTM EBITDA and estimated 2003
    funds from operations (FFO);

 

calculated the market capitalization of each peer
    group company as a multiple of its respective latest
    publicly-available book value; and

 

applied the median valuation multiples from the
    peer group to the forecasted results for Clayton Homes
    Communities segment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
    2003, to derive an implied range of equity values and prices per
    share of Clayton Homes common stock for that segment.

The results of that analysis are set forth in the
following table:

Communities Segment Peer Group
Analysis

(Dollars in thousands, except per
share)

LTM Multiples

Manufactured Housing Communities Peer Group

High

Low

Mean

Median

EBITDA

17.2

x

4.5

x

11.4

x

11.1

x

FFO(1)

12.4

x

8.8

x

10.8

x

10.9

x

Book Value

6.0

x

0.3

x

2.6

x

2.2

x

Indicative Equity Value Range for Communities Segment

FY 2003E

Communities

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

EBITDA/FFO

$

23,459

$

402,627

$

105,958

$

268,226

$

260,759

$

1.91

Book Value

$

173,942

$

1,035,105

$

47,661

$

460,455

$

383,011

$

2.80

Net Debt:

$

Note:

(1) 

Estimated 2003 funds from operations.

Morgan Keegan determined that, if the
manufactured home communities were held in a real estate
investment trust (REIT) structure, FFO would likely
exclude operating profit from a management company that would
operate the properties. Additionally, whereas communities
regularly sell manufactured houses to prospective residents, FFO
excludes gains on sales of properties. Therefore, Morgan Keegan
concluded that FFO would likely be lower if the communities were
held in a REIT structure. Clayton



Homes occupancy percentage is significantly
less than comparable REITs because Clayton Homes acquires
properties early in the development stages in order to sell its
homes into the communities. Accordingly, there is incremental
value in the communities segment not reflected in profitability
valuation metrics (after consideration of decreases in EBITDA to
arrive at FFO, as described above). Morgan Keegan, therefore,
believes book value is the most appropriate valuation metric,
although Morgan Keegan believes that such a multiple should be
between 1.5x to 2.0x, which is lower than the mean/median
multiple for the peer group, in recognition of Clayton
Homes lower occupancy percentage.

Vanderbilt Segment

For Clayton Homes Vanderbilt segment,
Morgan Keegan:

 

calculated the market capitalization of each peer
    group company as a multiple of its LTM pre-tax income and its
    latest publicly available tangible book value; and

 

applied the median valuation multiples from the
    peer group to the forecasted results for Clayton Homes
    Vanderbilt segment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
    2003, to derive an implied range of equity values and prices per
    share of Clayton Homes common stock for that segment.

The results of that analysis are set forth in the
following table:

Vanderbilt Segment Peer Group
Analysis

(Dollars in thousands, except per
share)

LTM Multiples

Specialty Consumer Finance Peer Group

High

Low

Mean

Median

Pre-tax Income

15.4x

2.5x

6.0x

4.5x

Tangible Book Value

2.3x

0.4x

1.4x

1.3x

Indicative Equity Value Range for Vanderbilt Segment

FY 2003E

Vanderbilt

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

Pre-tax Income

$

89,680

$

1,378,982

$

223,551

$

538,339

$

405,310

$

2.96

Pro Forma Book Value

$

416,249

$

952,371

$

186,857

$

597,264

$

557,276

$

4.07

Acquired Securities

$

300,000

$

300,000

$

300,000

$

300,000

$

300,000

$

2.19

$

1,252,371

$

486,857

$

897,264

$

857,276

$

6.26

Morgan Keegan believes the book value metric
indicates an inappropriately high valuation. In Morgan
Keegans opinion, the credit quality of securities owned by
Clayton Homes Vanderbilt segment is substantially lower
than those owned by the peer group, as evidenced by
(1) Clayton Homes recent trend of not being able to
economically securitize its B2-rated securities, (2) the
discounts at which Clayton Homes has been able to purchase
securities and (3) the recent financial issues experienced by
other lenders in this segment. Morgan Keegan, therefore,
believes a fair multiple of book value is between 1.0x and the
median 1.3x based on where the companies in the peer group are
currently trading.

Additionally, Clayton Homes acquired
approximately $300 million of distressed securities during
the first half of the year that are being held on Clayton
Homes balance sheet to be securitized in May or June 2003.
Those securities have been marked-to-market, and Morgan Keegan
believes they should be valued at no more than 1.0x their book
value.

Therefore, Morgan Keegan believes Clayton Homes
should receive a pre-tax income multiple below the median
multiple for the peer group, as the industry in which Clayton
Homes lends is considered by the capital markets to be less
desirable than that of the companies in the peer group.



Property/Casualty
Insurance Segment

For Clayton Homes Property/Casualty
Insurance segment, Morgan Keegan:

 

calculated the market capitalization of each peer
    group company as a multiple of its LTM pre-tax income, its
    estimated 2003 net income and its latest publicly-available
    tangible book value; and

 

applied the median valuation multiples from the
    peer group to the forecasted results for Clayton Homes
    Property/Casualty Insurance segment for the fiscal year ending
    June 30, 2003, to derive an implied range of equity values
    and prices per share of Clayton Homes common stock for that
    segment.

The results of that analysis are set forth in the
following table:

Insurance Segment Peer Group
Analysis

(Dollars in thousands, except per
share)

LTM Multiples

Property/Casualty Insurance Peer Group

High

Low

Mean

Median

Pre-tax Income

15.2x

9.5x

11.9x

11.5x

Net Income(1)

13.3x

5.0x

10.2x

10.3x

Tangible Book Value

1.7x

0.4x

1.1x

1.1x

Indicative Equity Value Range for Insurance Segment

FY 2003E

Insurance

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

Pre-tax Income(2)

$

36,501

$

554,712

$

348,289

$

435,203

$

418,906

$

3.06

Net Income(3)

$

22,996

$

306,504

$

114,062

$

234,020

$

237,083

$

1.73

Tangible Book Value

$

124,805

$

212,619

$

45,993

$

138,903

$

137,979

$

1.01

Note:

(1) 

Net income multiples calculated based on 2003E
    net income of the peer group

(2) 

Insurance segment operating income plus
    investment income is assumed to be pretax income

(3) 

Insurance segments pretax income has been
    tax effected at 37% to arrive at net income for the segment

Morgan Keegan believes general economic
conditions in the manufactured home industry indicate a
less-attractive growth rate for this segment of Clayton Homes
compared to the companies in the peer group. Morgan Keegan
believes Clayton Homes should receive a valuation for its
insurance segment between the median pre-tax income multiple and
the low pre-tax income multiple in recognition of the
diversification of products and services offered by the
companies in the peer group.

The following tables present summaries of the
Peer Group Composite Analysis and Segment Analysis:

Composite
Analysis

LTM Ended

Multiple

Net

12/31/2002

Range

Implied Enterprise Value

Debt

Implied Equity Value

Per Share

(Dollars in thousands, except per share)

EBITDA

$

218,583

5.2x - 7.0x

$

1,143,408 - $1,530,081

$

$

1,142,757 - $1,529,430

$

8.35 - $11.17

Book Value

$

1,295,827

0.8x - 1.2x

$

1,036,662 - $1,554,992

NA

$

1,036,662 - $1,554,992

$

7.57 - $11.36



Segment
Analysis

Multiple

Net

Segment

Metric

FY 2003E

Range

Debt

Implied Equity Value

Per Share

(Dollars in thousands, except per share)

Manufacturing & Retail

EBITDA

$

63,716

5.2x - 7.0x

$

46,440

$

286,858 - $ 399,572

$

2.10 - $ 2.92

Communities

Book Value

$

173,942

1.5x - 2.0x

NA

$

260,913 - $ 347,884

$

1.91 - $ 2.54

Vanderbilt

Pretax Income

$

89,680

3.5x - 4.5x

NA

$

313,880 - $ 403,560

$

2.29 - $ 2.95

Insurance

Pretax Income

$

36,501

9.5x - 11.5x

NA

$

346,756 - $ 419,757

$

2.53 - $ 3.07

Total

$

1,208,408 - $1,570,773

$

8.83 - $11.48

Each segment of Clayton Homes business is
directly impacted by economic factors impacting the manufactured
housing industry, and Morgan Keegan believes most of the peer
groups used in the segment analysis, other than manufactured
housing and retail, are substantially more diversified and not
impacted by the current downturn in the manufactured homes
segment. Additionally, several competitors in the manufactured
housing and retail peer group provide some or all of the
products and services provided by Clayton Homes other
segments. Therefore, Morgan Keegan places more emphasis on the
composite analysis than the segment analysis.

Morgan Keegan believes there is substantial value
in the synergies Clayton Homes achieves by operating the four
business segments together that would not be available if the
segments were operated separately. The segment analysis does not
reflect the value that would be lost if the segments were
separated.

Selected Precedent Transactions
    Analysis

Morgan Keegan reviewed the financial terms, to
the extent publicly available, of 14 merger and acquisition
transactions since 2000 involving companies operating in the
manufactured housing industry. Morgan Keegan refers to these
transactions as the selected precedent transactions.

The selected precedent transactions reviewed by
Morgan Keegan were:

Announced

Effective

Seller

Buyer

17-Jun-02

29-Jul-02

Fortress Group Inc

Lennar Corp(1)

13-Jun-02

1-Jul-02

Hammonds Homes Ltd

Meritage Corp

5-Jun-02

13-Aug-02

Westfield Homes USA Inc

Standard Pacific Corp

8-Apr-02

15-Apr-02

Newmark Homes Corp

Standard Pacific Corp

31-Oct-01

12-Nov-01

Keystone RV Co

Thor Industries Inc

23-Oct-01

22-Feb-02

Schuler Homes Inc

DR Horton Inc

29-Jun-01

2-Aug-01

Sanford Homes of Colorado LLP

Beazer Homes USA Inc

25-Jun-01

2-Aug-01

SMC Corp

Monaco Coach Corp

10-May-01

3-Jul-01

Knipp Brothers Inc

Building Materials Holding Corp

7-May-01

31-May-01

Hancock Communities LLC

Meritage Corp

12-Sep-00

3-Apr-01

Western Pacific Housing

Schuler Homes Inc

23-Aug-00

20-Oct-00

Miller Building Systems

Coachmen Industries Inc

17-Feb-00

3-May-00

US Home Corp

Lennar Corp

31-Jan-00

25-Aug-00

Writer Corp

Standard Pacific Corp

(1) 

Lennar Corp. acquired the remaining 78.27%
    interest in the Fortress Group.

For each of the selected precedent transactions,
Morgan Keegan compared the multiples of the enterprise value for
each seller (implied by the transaction) to the sellers
LTM sales, LTM EBITDA, LTM EBIT, LTM net income and tangible
book value based on publicly available information, and compared
certain valuation multiples of the selected precedent
transactions to Clayton Homes operating



results for the latest twelve months ended
December 31, 2002, or financial position as of
December 31, 2002, to derive an implied range of equity
values for Clayton Homes common stock.

Clayton Homes, Inc.

Selected Precedent Transactions Valuation
Matrix

(In thousands, except per share)

LTM Multiples as of Announcement Date

Manufactured Housing & Retail Precedent Transactions

High

Low

Mean

Median

Sales

1.2x

0.2x

0.5x

0.5x

EBITDA

11.8x

3.2x

6.9x

6.8x

EBIT

13.2x

3.2x

7.7x

7.4x

Net Income

11.5x

0.9x

6.3x

6.4x

Tangible Book Value

2.8x

0.2x

1.4x

1.4x

Net Debt(1):

$

Indicative Equity Value Range for CMH

LTM Ended 12/31/02

CMH

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

Sales

$

1,212,544

$

1,463,936

$

245,083

$

635,488

$

569,357

$

4.16

EBITDA

$

218,583

$

2,581,806

$

690,272

$

1,503,203

$

1,475,941

$

10.78

EBIT

$

201,500

$

2,650,086

$

647,480

$

1,554,314

$

1,496,933

$

10.94

Net Income

$

124,128

$

1,433,014

$

116,250

$

779,638

$

797,800

$

5.83

Tangible Book Value

$

1,295,827

$

3,565,628

$

230,495

$

1,874,683

$

1,839,692

$

13.44

Note:

(1) 

Short-term debt, long-term debt and preferred
    stock minus cash and marketable securities.

Morgan Keegan believes median multiples are
appropriate for this analysis as most of the selected precedent
transactions occurred during a more robust industry economic
climate, notwithstanding the fact that Clayton Homes generated
more robust operating results during similar economic climates
in the industry. Morgan Keegan also believes that, within the
manufactured housing industry, profitability measures such as
EBITDA are the most appropriate valuation metrics for the
consolidated company in connection with a selected precedent
transaction analysis.

Selected Precedent Transactions Segment
    Analysis

Morgan Keegan reviewed the financial terms, to
the extent publicly available, of (a) 14 merger and
acquisition transactions since 2000 involving companies
operating in the manufactured housing industry, (b) 10
merger and acquisition transactions since 2000 involving
companies operating in the specialty consumer finance industry,
and (c) 7 merger and acquisition transactions since 2001
involving companies operating in the insurance industry.

                  Manufacturing
and Retail Segment

The selected precedent transactions Morgan Keegan
reviewed in the manufactured housing industry are the same as
those listed above under Selected Precedent Transactions
Analysis.

Morgan Keegan calculated for each of those
selected precedent transactions the multiples of the enterprise
value for each seller (implied by the transaction) to the
sellers LTM EBITDA, LTM EBIT and tangible book value based
on publicly available information, and compared certain
valuation multiples of the selected precedent transactions to
Clayton Homes Manufacturing and Retail segments
forecasted



operating results for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 2003, or financial position as of
December 31, 2002, to derive an implied range of equity
values for that segment.

Manufacturing and Retail Segments

Selected Precedent Transactions Valuation
Matrix

(In thousands, except per share)

LTM Multiples as of Announcement Date

Manufactured Housing & Retail Precedent Transactions

High

Low

Mean

Median

EBITDA

11.8x

3.2x

6.9x

6.8x

EBIT

13.2x

3.2x

7.7x

7.4x

Tangible Book Value

2.8x

0.2x

1.4x

1.4x

Indicative Equity Value Range for Mfg. & Retail Segments

FY 2003E

Mfg. & Retail

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

EBITDA

$

63,716

$

706,335

$

154,961

$

391,927

$

383,980

$

2.81

EBIT

$

52,794

$

648,066

$

123,374

$

360,968

$

345,934

$

2.53

Book Value

$

237,484

$

653,467

$

42,242

$

343,570

$

337,157

$

2.46

Intercompany Debt:

$

46,440

Morgan Keegan believes median multiples are
appropriate for this analysis as most of the transactions
occurred during a more robust industry economic climate,
notwithstanding the fact that Clayton Homes generated more
robust operating results during similar economic climates in the
industry. Morgan Keegan also believes that, within the
manufactured housing industry, profitability measures such as
EBITDA are the most appropriate valuation metrics for the
Manufacturing and Retail segment in connection with a selected
precedent transaction analysis.

                  Specialty
Consumer Finance Segment

The selected precedent transactions Morgan Keegan
reviewed in the specialty consumer finance industry were:

Announced

Effective

Seller

Buyer

19-Nov-01

1-Apr-02

Resource Bancshares Mortgage Group, Inc.

NetBank, Inc.

2-Jul-01

21-Dec-01

AMRESCO, Inc.

NCS I LLC

27-Jun-01

28-Sep-01

Source Capital Corp.

Sterling Financial Corp.

16-Apr-01

2-Jul-01

Republic Bancorp, Inc.

NetBank, Inc.

6-Sep-00

30-Nov-00

Associates First Capital Corp.

Citigroup, Inc.

10-May-00

26-Jun-00

WMF Group Ltd. (The)

Prudential Insurance Company of America

10-Apr-00

10-Apr-00

Global Bancorp

Humboldt Bancorp

10-Mar-00

25-Apr-00

Prism Financial Corp

Royal Bank of Canada

4-Feb-00

26-Jul-00

BNC Mortgage, Inc.

Private Group

18-Jan-00

30-Jun-00

First Home Mortgage Corp.

American Home Mortgage Holdings, Inc.

For each of these selected precedent
transactions, Morgan Keegan calculated the multiples of the
enterprise value for each seller (implied by the transaction) to
the sellers LTM pre-tax income and tangible book value,
based on publicly available information, and compared certain
valuation multiples of the selected precedent transactions to
Clayton Homes Vanderbilt segments forecasted
operating results for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2003,
or financial position as of December 31, 2002, to derive an
implied range of equity values for that segment.



Vanderbilt Segment

Selected Precedent Transactions Valuation
Matrix

(Dollars in thousands, except per
share)

LTM Multiples as of Announcement Date

Specialty Consumer Finance Precedent Transactions

High

Low

Mean

Median

Pre-tax Income

14.8x

7.2x

10.4x

9.1x

Tangible Book Value

8.5x

0.7x

2.7x

2.2x

Indicative Equity Value Range for Vanderbilt Segment

FY 2003E

Vanderbilt

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

Pre-tax Income

$

89,680

$

1,330,287

$

642,231

$

928,964

$

817,977

$

5.98

Pro Forma Book Value

$

416,249

$

3,521,242

$

304,856

$

1,140,337

$

898,048

$

6.56

Acquired Securities

$

300,000

$

300,000

$

300,000

$

300,000

$

300,000

$

2.19

$

3,821,242

$

604,856

$

1,440,337

$

1,198,048

$

8.75

Clayton Homes acquired approximately
$300 million of distressed securities during the first half
of the year that are being held on Clayton Homes balance
sheet to be securitized in May or June 2003. Such securities
have been marked-to-market, and Morgan Keegan believes they
should be valued at no more than 1.0x their book value. Morgan
Keegan believes the specialty consumer finance segment should
receive a book value multiple between 1.25x and 1.5x, which is
significantly below the median multiple for the selected
precedent transactions, as Clayton Homes originates, invests in
and sells higher-risk securities than those companies involved
in the selected precedent transactions, the credit quality of
which is currently substantially below that of the companies
involved in the selected precedent transactions. Morgan Keegan
believes that the securities reflected in the book value of the
Company would more likely be viewed by a prospective buyer as
distressed, given the overarching industry climate, than as a
platform to expand operations in this segment.

     Property/Casualty
Insurance Segment

The selected precedent transactions Morgan Keegan
reviewed in the insurance industry were:

Announced

Effective

Seller

Buyer

16-Dec-02

American National Financial Inc.

Fidelity National Financial Inc.

13-May-02

1-Jul-02

Hobbs Group LLC

Hilb Rogal & Hamilton Co.

27-Feb-02

2-Apr-02

American Country Holdings Inc.

Kingsway Financial Services Inc.

20-Jul-01

4-Jan-02

Capitol Transamerica Corp.

Alleghany Corp.

8-May-01

23-Aug-01

Front Royal Inc.

Argonaut Group Inc.

18-Apr-01

11-Jul-01

Florida Select Insurance Holdings Inc.

Vesta Insurance Group Inc.

20-Jan-01

29-Jun-01

Kaye Group Inc.

Hub International Ltd.

For each of these selected precedent
transactions, Morgan Keegan calculated the multiples of the
enterprise value for each seller (implied by the transaction) to
the sellers LTM pre-tax income, LTM net income and book
value based on publicly available information, and compared
certain valuation multiples of the selected precedent
transactions to Clayton Homes Property/Casualty Insurance
segments forecasted operating results for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 2003, or financial position as of
December 31, 2002, to derive an implied range of equity
values for that segment.



Insurance Segment

Selected Precedent Transactions Valuation
Matrix

(Dollars in thousands, except per
share)

LTM Multiples as of Announcement Date

Property/Casualty Insurance Precedent Transactions

High

Low

Mean

Median

Pre-tax Income

34.4x

3.1x

10.9x

7.4x

Net Income

35.7x

5.4x

13.4x

10.2x

Tangible Book Value

2.8x

0.6x

1.9x

2.0x

Implied
Valuation Ranges

Indicative Equity Value Range for Insurance Segment

FY 2003E

Insurance

High

Low

Mean

Median

Per Share

Pre-tax Income(1)

$

36,501

$

1,255,667

$

114,596

$

398,837

$

270,982

$

1.98

Net Income(2)

$

22,996

$

820,000

$

124,643

$

308,010

$

234,647

$

1.71

Book Value

$

124,805

$

344,748

$

76,254

$

232,033

$

255,553

$

1.87

Note:

(1) 

Insurance segment operating income plus
    investment income is assumed to be pretax income.

(2) 

Insurance segments pretax income has been
    tax effected at 37% to arrive at net income for the segment

Morgan Keegan believes Clayton Homes should
receive a valuation for its insurance segment below the median
book value multiple of the selected precedent transactions, in
recognition of the companies involved in the selected precedent
transactions offering more diversified products and services
than Clayton Homes Property/Casualty Insurance segment.
General economic conditions in the manufactured housing industry
currently indicate a less-attractive growth rate for the Clayton
Homes insurance segment than those companies involved in
the selected precedent transactions. Morgan Keegan believes the
appropriate value of this segment is 1.5x to 2.0x book value,
based on the selected precedent transactions in the industry.

The following tables present summaries of the
Selected Precedent Transactions Composite Analysis and Segment
Analysis:

     Composite
Analysis

Median

LTM Ended

Mfg.

Implied

Net

Implied

12/31/2002

Multiple

Enterprise Value

Debt

Equity Value

Per Share

(Dollars in thousands, except per share)

EBITDA

$

218,583

6.5x - 7.0x

$

1,420,790 - $1,530,081

$

$

1,420,139 - $1,529,430

$

10.38 - $11.17

Book Value

$

1,295,827

1.0x - 1.4x

$

1,295,827 - $1,814,158

NA

$

1,295,827 - $1,814,158

$

 9.47 - $13.25



     Segment
Analysis

Multiple

Net

Segment

Metric

FY 2003E

Range

Debt

Implied Equity Value

Per Share

(Dollars in thousands, except per share)

Manufacturing & Retail

EBITDA

$

63,716

6.5x - 7.0x

$

46,440

$

367,714 - $ 399,572

$

 2.69 - $ 2.92

Communities(1)

Book Value

$

173,942

1.5x - 2.0x

NA

$

260,913 - $ 347,884

$

 1.91 - $ 2.54

Vanderbilt

Book Value

$

416,249

1.25x - 1.5x

NA

$

520,311 - $ 624,374

$

 3.80 - $ 4.56

Insurance

Book Value

$

124,805

1.5x - 2.0x

NA

$

187,207 - $ 249,610

$

 1.37 - $ 1.82

Acquired Securities

NA

$

300,000

1.0x

NA

$

300,000 - $ 300,000

$

 2.19 - $ 2.19

Total

$

1,636,146 - $1,921,439

$

11.95 - $14.04

(1) 

Multiple from peer group analysis used, as
    precedent transactions in the communities industry deemed not
    relevant.

Each segment of Clayton Homes business is
directly impacted by economic factors impacting the manufactured
housing industry, and Morgan Keegan believes most of the
companies used in the segment analysis, other than manufactured
housing and retail companies, are substantially more diversified
and not impacted by the current downturn in the manufactured
homes segment. Additionally, Morgan Keegan believes several
competitors of Clayton Homes in the manufactured housing and
retail segment provide some or all of the products and services
provided by Clayton Homes other segments. Therefore,
Morgan Keegan places more emphasis on the composite analysis
than the segment analysis.

Morgan Keegan believes there is substantial value
in the synergies Clayton Homes achieves by operating the four
business segments together that would not be available if the
segments were operated separately. The segment analysis does not
reflect the value that would be lost if the segments were
separated.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

Morgan Keegan performed a discounted cash flow
analysis on the projected cash flows of Clayton Homes for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 2003 through June 30,
2006, using projections and assumptions provided by Clayton
Homes management. Morgan Keegan used a range of discount
rates (10.0% to 14.0%) and terminal multiples (7.0x to 8.0x)
based on forecasted EBITDA for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 2006 to calculate a range of implied equity values
per share of Clayton Homes common stock.

Based on its discounted cash flow analysis,
Morgan Keegan derived a range of implied equity values per share
of Clayton Homes common stock of $7.72 to $9.96.

Premium Analysis

Morgan Keegan performed a premium analysis
pursuant to which Morgan Keegan:

 

analyzed the premiums paid for completed
    manufactured housing mergers and acquisitions of publicly traded
    companies since January 1, 2001;

 

analyzed the premiums paid for completed
    non-financial institution and non-technology mergers and
    acquisitions of publicly traded companies with total
    considerations between $500 million and $3 billion
    since January 1, 2001;

 

analyzed the premiums paid for completed
    non-financial institution and non-technology mergers and
    acquisitions of publicly traded companies with total
    considerations between $500 million and $3 billion
    since January 1, 2001 where cash was the principal form of
    consideration;

 

analyzed, in each scenario, the premiums paid
    over each targets stock price one day, one week and one
    month prior to the date of the transactions announcement;



 

compared these premiums to the premium offered
    pursuant to the transaction; and

 

derived an implied price per share of Clayton
    Homes common stock based on the median premiums paid in these
    transactions.

Based on the premium analysis, Morgan Keegan
derived a range of implied equity values per share of Clayton
Homes common stock of $11.49 to $15.58.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process involving various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of these methods to the particular circumstances
and, therefore, is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description. Selecting portions of the
analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering
the analysis as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the
processes underlying Morgan Keegans opinion. In arriving
at its fairness determination, Morgan Keegan considered the
results of all such analyses and did not attribute any
particular weight to any factor or analysis considered by it;
rather, Morgan Keegan made its determination as to fairness on
the basis of its experience and professional judgment after
considering the results of all such analyses. No company or
transaction used in the above analyses is directly comparable to
Clayton Homes or the contemplated transaction. In addition,
mathematical analysis such as determining the mean or median is
not in itself a meaningful method of using selected data. The
analyses were prepared solely for purposes of Morgan Keegan
providing its opinion to the Clayton Homes board of directors as
to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration to holders of Clayton Homes common stock under the
merger agreement and do not purport to be appraisals or
necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or securities
actually may be sold. Analyses based on forecasts of future
results are not necessarily indicative of actual future results,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested
by such analyses. Because such analyses are inherently subject
to uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events
beyond the control of the parties or their respective advisors,
none of Clayton Homes, Morgan Keegan or any other person assumes
responsibility if future results are materially different from
those forecast. As described above, the opinion of Morgan Keegan
to the board of directors of Clayton Homes was among several
factors taken into consideration by the board of directors in
making its determination to approve the merger agreement.

Morgan Keegan, as part of its investment banking
business, is continually engaged in the valuation of businesses
and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and
other purposes.

Morgan Keegan provides a full range of financial
advisory and securities services and, in the course of its
normal trading activities, may from time to time effect
transactions and hold securities, including derivative
securities, of Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway for its own
account or for the accounts of customers. Morgan Keegan may
provide investment banking services to Clayton Homes or
Berkshire Hathaway and its subsidiaries in the future.

Under the terms of an engagement letter, dated
March 19, 2003, Clayton Homes has agreed to pay Morgan
Keegan customary fees for its financial advisory services to
Clayton Homes. Clayton Homes has also agreed to reimburse Morgan
Keegan for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with the engagement, including attorneys fees,
and to indemnify Morgan Keegan and its respective related
parties from and against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws.

Antitrust Approvals

Under the HSR Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder by the FTC, the merger cannot be completed until we
and Berkshire Hathaway file a notification and report form under
the HSR Act and the applicable waiting period has expired or
been terminated. Clayton Homes and Berkshire Hathaway filed
notification and report forms under the HSR Act with the FTC and
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice on
April           ,
2003. In order to complete the merger, either the waiting period
under the HSR Act with respect to the merger must expire or the
FTC and the Antitrust Division must



grant early termination of the waiting period
under the HSR Act. At any time before or after completion of the
merger, notwithstanding whether early termination of the waiting
period under the HSR Act has been granted, the Antitrust
Division or the FTC could take such action under the antitrust
laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest,
including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or
seeking divestiture of substantial assets of Clayton Homes or
Berkshire Hathaway. At any time before or after the completion
of the merger, and notwithstanding whether early termination of
the waiting period under the HSR Act has been granted, any state
could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems
necessary or desirable in the public interest. Such action could
include seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or
seeking divestiture of substantial assets of Clayton Homes or
Berkshire Hathaway. Private parties may also seek to take legal
action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances.

While there can be no assurance that the merger
will not be challenged by a governmental authority or private
party on antitrust grounds, we and Berkshire Hathaway believe
that the merger can be effected in compliance with federal and
state antitrust laws.

Financing of the Merger

Berkshire Hathaway has informed us that it
estimates that approximately
$                    will
be required to complete the purchase of shares of our common
stock in the merger and pay its related fees and expenses.
Berkshire Hathaway expects to fund this amount through
internally available funds. The merger is not conditioned on any
financing arrangements.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
of the Merger to Our Stockholders

The following is a summary of United States
federal income tax consequences of the merger to U.S.
stockholders whose shares of our common stock are converted into
the right to receive cash in the merger. The discussion is for
general information only and does not purport to consider all
aspects of United States federal income taxation that might be
relevant to our stockholders. The discussion is based on current
law, which is subject to change, possibly with retroactive
effect. The discussion applies only to stockholders who hold
shares of our common stock as capital assets, and may not apply
to shares of our common stock received in connection with the
exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation,
or to certain types of stockholders (such as insurance
companies, banks, tax-exempt organizations, financial
institutions and broker-dealers) who may be subject to special
rules. This discussion does not address the tax consequences to
any stockholder who, for United States federal income tax
purposes, is a non-resident alien individual, foreign
corporation, foreign partnership or foreign estate or trust, and
does not address any aspect of state, local or foreign tax laws.

The exchange of cash for shares of our common
stock in the merger will be a taxable transaction for United
States federal income tax purposes. In general, a stockholder
whose shares of our common stock are converted into the right to
receive cash in the merger will recognize capital gain or loss
for United States federal income tax purposes equal to the
difference, if any, between $12.50 and the stockholders
adjusted tax basis in the shares of our common stock
surrendered. Gain or loss will be determined separately for each
block of shares (i.e., shares acquired at the same cost in a
single transaction). Such gain or loss will be long-term capital
gain or loss provided that a stockholders holding period
for such shares is more than 12 months at the time of the
consummation of the merger. Long-term capital gains of
individuals are eligible for reduced rates of taxation. There
are limitations on the deductibility of capital losses.

Backup withholding will apply to all cash
payments to which a stockholder is entitled under the merger
agreement, unless the stockholder or other payee provides a
taxpayer identification number (social security number, in the
case of individuals, or employer identification number, in the
case of other stockholders), certifies that such number is
correct, and otherwise complies with the backup withholding tax
rules. Each of our stockholders should complete and sign the
Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the letter of
transmittal and return it to the paying agent, in order to
provide the information and



certification necessary to avoid backup
withholding tax, unless an exemption applies and is established
in a manner satisfactory to the paying agent.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any
amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be
allowable as a refund or a credit against a stockholders
United States federal income tax liability provided the required
information is furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

The United States federal income tax
consequences set forth above are for general information
purposes only and are not intended to constitute a complete
description of all tax consequences relating to the merger.
Because individual circumstances may differ, each stockholder
should consult the stockholders tax advisor regarding the
applicability of the rules discussed above to the stockholder
and the particular tax effects to the stockholder of the merger,
including the application of state, local and foreign tax
laws.

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers
in the Merger

Members of our board of directors and our
executive officers have various interests in the merger
described in this section that may be in addition to, or
different from, the interests of our stockholders generally. The
members of our board of directors were aware of these interests
and considered them at the time they approved the merger
agreement. You should keep this in mind when considering the
recommendation of our board of directors for the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement.

Stock Options.
 Our
directors and executive officers, as well as a large number of
our employees, hold options to purchase shares of our common
stock that are not terminated automatically by the merger. As
required under the terms of the merger agreement, we will offer
to each holder of these stock options, including any holder who
is a director or an executive officer, the right to terminate
all of his or her options in exchange for cash. Unvested stock
options granted to directors under our 1996 Outside Director
Equity Plan, however, are not included in our offer because they
will terminate, in accordance with their terms, at the effective
time of the merger. Excluding options that are currently
exercisable and for which the spread between option price and
$12.50 per share is the same as the offer price in our
stock option tender offer, the value of our offer to purchase
and cancel outstanding options for each of our directors and
executive officers is as follows:

James L. Clayton

$

489,969

B. Joe Clayton

$

12,111

Kevin T. Clayton

$

1,162,738

Steven G. Davis

$

Dan W. Evins

$

12,111

Wilma H. Jordan

$

12,111

Thomas N. McAdams

$

11,820

C. Warren Neel

$

12,111

David M. Booth

$

1,162,738

Richard D. Strachan

$

959,274

John J. Kalec

$

432,305

Walter A. Morgan

$

359,069



For each of our directors and executive officers,
the value of options that are currently exercisable and for
which the spread between the option price and $12.50 is the same
as the tender offer price is as follows:

James L. Clayton

$

214,075

B. Joe Clayton

$

16,290

Kevin T. Clayton

$

358,194

Steven G. Davis

$

Dan W. Evins

$

16,290

Wilma H. Jordan

$

132,325

Thomas N. McAdams

$

C. Warren Neel

$

177,439

David M. Booth

$

519,338

Richard D. Strachan

$

John J. Kalec

$

Walter A. Morgan

$

See The Merger Agreement  Stock
Option Tender Offer.

Executive Employment
Agreements.
 We previously entered into
employment agreements with our executive officers that, among
other things, provide for the immediate vesting of options held
by the officer and severance payments to each officer equal to
the officers base salary plus bonus earned for the prior
full two fiscal years in the event that the officers
employment with Clayton Homes is involuntarily terminated within
twelve months of a change of control of our company, including
the acquisition of Clayton Homes by Berkshire Hathaway. Our
executive officers who have entered into these employment
agreements are:

 

Kevin T. Clayton, Chief Executive Officer and
    President and President, Financial Services;

 

David M. Booth, Executive Vice President and
    President, Retail;

 

Richard D. Strachan, Executive Vice President and
    President, Manufacturing;

 

John J. Kalec, Executive Vice President and Chief
    Financial Officer; and

 

Walter A. Morgan, Vice President and General
    Manager, Communities.

Upon the completion of the merger, our current
officers will be the officers of the surviving entity in the
merger. We expect that the employment agreements with our
executive officers will remain in effect following the
completion of the merger.

Indemnification.
 The
merger agreement provides that, for six years after the merger,
the surviving corporations certificate of incorporation
and bylaws will contain the provisions with respect to
indemnification, expense advancement and exculpation from
liability for money damages as set forth in our current
certificate of incorporation and bylaws. The merger agreement
also requires Berkshire Hathaway and the surviving corporation
to indemnify and hold harmless any of our current or former
officers or directors against any losses in connection with any
threatened or actual action, suit, or proceeding, based in whole
or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, the fact
that the person is or was our officer or director on or prior to
the closing date, subject to certain limitations set forth in
the merger agreement. In addition, the merger agreement provides
that Berkshire Hathaway will cause the surviving corporation to
maintain our existing directors and officers
insurance policy for the balance of the policys term. It
is expected that, following the term of the policy, which is
fully paid and expires on March 12, 2004, Clayton Homes
will cease to carry directors and officers liability
insurance.

Positions with Surviving
Corporation.
 Upon completion of the
merger, our current officers will be the officers of the
surviving corporation until their successors have been duly
elected, appointed or qualified



or until their earlier death, resignation or
removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of the surviving corporation. In addition, several of our
current directors may be elected to serve as directors of the
surviving corporation.

Effects of the Merger

Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger
agreement and in accordance with Delaware law, at the effective
time of the merger, Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Berkshire Hathaway formed for purposes of the merger, will be
merged with and into Clayton Homes, and Clayton Homes will
survive the merger as a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway and
will continue its corporate existence under Delaware law.

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common
Stock

If the merger is completed, our common stock will
be delisted from The New York Stock Exchange and will be
deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Appraisal Rights

The discussion below is not a complete summary
regarding your appraisal rights under Delaware law and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the
relevant provisions of Delaware law, which are attached to this
proxy statement as Annex D and incorporated into this proxy
statement by reference. Stockholders intending to exercise
appraisal rights should carefully review Annex D. Failure
to follow precisely any of the statutory procedures set forth in
Annex D may result in a termination or waiver of these rights.

If the merger is completed, dissenting holders of
our common stock who follow the procedures specified in
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporate Law within
the appropriate time periods will be entitled to have their
shares of our common stock appraised and to receive the
fair value of such shares in cash as determined by
the Delaware Court of Chancery in lieu of the consideration that
such stockholder would otherwise be entitled to receive under
the merger agreement.

The following is a brief summary of
Section 262, which explains the procedures for dissenting
from the merger and demanding statutory appraisal rights.
Failure to follow the procedures described in Section 262
precisely could result in the loss of appraisal rights. This
proxy statement constitutes notice to holders of our common
stock concerning the availability of appraisal rights under
Section 262. A stockholder of record wishing to assert
appraisal rights must hold the shares of stock on the date of
making a demand for appraisal rights with respect to such shares
and must continuously hold such shares through the effective
time of the merger.

Stockholders who desire to exercise their
appraisal rights must satisfy all of the conditions of
Section 262. A written demand for appraisal of shares must
be filed with Clayton Homes before the special meeting
on                     ,
2003. This written demand for appraisal of shares must be in
addition to and separate from a vote against the merger.
Stockholders electing to exercise their appraisal rights must
not vote for adoption of the merger agreement. Also,
because a submitted proxy not marked against or
abstain will be voted for the proposal
to adopt the merger agreement, the submission of a proxy not
marked against or abstain will result in
the waiver of appraisal rights. Any proxy or vote against the
adoption of the merger agreement will not constitute a demand
for appraisal within the meaning of Section 262.

A demand for appraisal must be executed by or for
the stockholder of record, fully and correctly, as such
stockholders name appears on the share certificate. If the
shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a
trustee, guardian or custodian, this demand must be executed by
or for the fiduciary. If the shares are owned by or for more
than one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in common,
such demand must be executed by or for all joint owners. An
authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint
owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder
of record.



However, the agent must identify the record owner
and expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand,
he is acting as agent for the record owner. A person having a
beneficial interest in our common stock held of record in the
name of another person, such as a broker or nominee, must act
promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps
summarized below in a timely manner to perfect whatever
appraisal rights the beneficial owners may have.

A stockholder of Clayton Homes who elects to
exercise appraisal rights should mail or deliver his, her or its
written demand to Clayton Homes at our principal executive
offices at 5000 Clayton Road, Maryville, Tennessee 37804,
Attention: Thomas D. Hodges, Secretary. The written demand
for appraisal should specify the stockholders name and
mailing address, and that the stockholder is thereby demanding
appraisal of his, her or its shares of Clayton Homes common
stock. Within 10 days after the effective time of the
merger, we must provide notice of the effective time of the
merger to all of our stockholders who have complied with
Section 262 and have not voted for the merger.

Within 120 days after the effective time of
the merger (but not thereafter), any stockholder who has
satisfied the requirements of Section 262 may deliver to us
a written demand for a statement listing the aggregate number of
shares not voted in favor of the merger and with respect to
which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate
number of holders of such shares. Clayton Homes, as the
surviving corporation in the merger, must mail such written
statement to the stockholder within 10 days after the
stockholders request is received by Clayton Homes or
within 10 days after the latest date for delivery of a
demand for appraisal under Section 262, whichever is later.

Within 120 days after the effective time of
the merger (but not thereafter), either Clayton Homes or any
stockholder who has complied with the required conditions of
Section 262 and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal
rights may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery
demanding a determination of the fair value of the Clayton Homes
shares of stockholders entitled to appraisal rights. Clayton
Homes has no present intention to file such a petition if demand
for appraisal is made.

Upon the filing of any petition by a stockholder
in accordance with Section 262, service of a copy must be
made upon Clayton Homes, which must, within 20 days after
service, file in the office of the Register in Chancery in which
the petition was filed, a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded
payment for their shares and with whom agreements as to the
value of their shares have not been reached by Clayton Homes. If
a petition is filed by us, the petition must be accompanied by
the verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by
the court, will give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to us
and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses
therein stated, and notice will also be given by publishing a
notice at least one week before the day of the hearing in a
newspaper of general circulation published in the City of
Wilmington, Delaware, or such publication as the court deems
advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and by publication
must be approved by the court, and we must bear the costs
thereof. The Delaware Court of Chancery may require the
stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares
(and who hold stock represented by certificates) to submit their
stock certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation of
the pendency of the appraisal proceedings and the Delaware Court
of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to any stockholder
that fails to comply with such direction.

If a petition for an appraisal is filed in a
timely fashion, after a hearing on the petition, the court will
determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights
and will appraise the shares owned by these stockholders,
determining the fair value of such shares, exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation
of the merger, together with a fair rate of interest to be paid,
if any, upon the amount determined to be the fair value.

Clayton Homes stockholders considering seeking
appraisal of their shares should note that the fair value of
their shares determined under Section 262 could be more,
the same or less than the consideration they would receive
pursuant to the merger agreement if they did not seek appraisal
of their shares. The costs of the appraisal proceeding may be
determined by the court and taxed against the parties as the
court deems equitable under the circumstances. Upon application
of a dissenting stockholder, the court



may order that all or a portion of the expenses
incurred by any dissenting stockholder in connection with the
appraisal proceeding, including reasonable attorneys fees
and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata
against the value of all shares entitled to appraisal. In the
absence of a determination or assessment, each party bears his,
her or its own expenses. The exchange of shares for cash
pursuant to the exercise of appraisal rights will be a taxable
transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and
possibly state, local and foreign income tax purposes as well.

Any stockholder who has duly demanded appraisal
in compliance with Section 262 will not, after the
effective time of the merger, be entitled to vote for any
purpose the shares subject to demand or to receive payment of
dividends or other distributions on such shares, except for
dividends or distributions payable to stockholders of record at
a date prior to the effective time of the merger.

At any time within 60 days after the
effective time of the merger, any stockholder will have the
right to withdraw his, her or its demand for appraisal and to
accept the terms offered in the merger agreement. After this
period, a stockholder may withdraw his, her or its demand for
appraisal and receive payment for his, her or its shares as
provided in the merger agreement only with our consent. If no
petition for appraisal is filed within the court within
120 days after the effective time of the merger,
stockholders rights to appraisal (if available) will
cease. Inasmuch as we have no obligation to file such a
petition, any stockholder who desires a petition to be filed is
advised to file it on a timely basis. No petition timely filed
in the court demanding appraisal may be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the court, which approval
may be conditioned upon such terms as the court deems just.

Failure by any Clayton Homes stockholder to
comply fully with the procedures described above and set forth
in Annex D to this proxy statement may result in
termination of such stockholders appraisal rights.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

This section of the proxy statement describes the
material provisions of the merger agreement but does not purport
to describe all of the terms of the merger agreement. The
following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the complete text of the merger agreement, which is attached as
Annex A to this proxy statement and incorporated into this proxy
statement by reference. We urge you to read the full text of the
merger agreement because it is the legal document that governs
the merger.

The Merger

The merger agreement provides for the merger of
Merger Sub with and into Clayton Homes upon the terms, and
subject to the conditions, of the merger agreement. As the
surviving corporation, we will survive the merger and continue
to exist as a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. The
merger will be effective at the time the certificate of merger
is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
(or at a later time, if agreed upon by the parties and specified
in the certificate of merger filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware). We expect to complete the merger as
promptly as practicable after (1) our stockholders adopt
the merger agreement, (2) we successfully complete our
stock option tender offer and (3) we receive required
regulatory approvals of the merger.

We or Berkshire Hathaway may terminate the merger
agreement prior to the completion of the merger in some
circumstances, whether before or after the approval of the
merger agreement by stockholders. Additional details on
termination of the merger agreement are described in The
Merger Agreement  Termination of the Merger
Agreement.

Merger Consideration

Each share of our common stock issued and
outstanding immediately before the merger (other than treasury
shares, shares held by Berkshire Hathaway or Merger Sub and any
dissenting shares) will automatically be canceled and will cease
to exist and will be converted into the right to receive $12.50
in cash, without interest. After the merger is effective, each
holder of a certificate representing any of these



shares of our common stock will no longer have
any rights with respect to the shares, except for the right to
receive the merger consideration. Each share of our common stock
held by us as treasury shares or held by Berkshire Hathaway or
Merger Sub at the time of the merger will be canceled without
any payment. See The Merger  Appraisal
Rights.

Directors and Officers

Upon completion of the merger, the directors of
Merger Sub will be the initial directors of the surviving
corporation and the officers of Clayton Homes at the time
immediately before the merger is completed will remain the
officers of the surviving corporation after the merger. All
Clayton Homes officers will hold their positions until their
successors are duly elected, appointed or qualified or until the
earlier of their death, resignation or removal.

Stock Option Tender Offer

As of the date of this proxy statement, there
were approximately 1,049 holders of options to purchase shares
of our common stock and the number of shares of our common stock
issuable upon the exercise of these outstanding stock options
was approximately 5,944,718. One of the conditions to the
obligations of Berkshire Hathaway and Merger Sub to complete the
merger is that, on or before the closing date,

 

the number of holders of our stock options must
    not be more than 100 and

 

the number of shares of our common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of our outstanding stock options must not be
    more than 250,000.

Our equity compensation plans do not provide for
the termination of stock options granted under those plans in
the event of a change in control of Clayton Homes. As a result,
the merger agreement requires that we offer to each holder of
our outstanding stock options, other than holders of unvested
stock options granted under our 1996 Outside Directors Equity
Plan, the right to terminate all of his or her options in
exchange for cash. Unvested stock options granted under the 1996
Outside Directors Equity Plan are not included in the offer and
will terminate, in accordance with their terms, at the effective
time of the merger. The merger agreement permits us to pay up to
$19.5 million for stock options included in the offer. We
have allocated that amount to each of the 5,928,468 outstanding
stock options included in the offers using an objective formula
that takes into account the option price, the duration of the
option and whether the option is or is not vested. In addition,
for any vested option for which the spread (the merger
consideration of $12.50 per share minus the option price) is
greater than the value derived by the formula, the option holder
will receive the spread. Exhibit B to the merger agreement,
which is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement,
states the expected offer price for each class of outstanding
stock options.

Our offer to purchase our stock options will be
made on the terms and subject to the conditions described in the
offer to purchase and related materials that we will distribute
to holders of our stock options and file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Each option holder should review these
documents carefully when they are available before deciding
whether to accept our offer because these documents contain
important information regarding the offer. See Where You
Can Find More Information.

Payment for the Shares

Before the merger, Berkshire Hathaway will
designate a paying agent reasonably acceptable to us to make
payment of the merger consideration as contemplated by the
merger agreement. When and as needed, Berkshire Hathaway will
deposit in trust with the paying agent the funds appropriate to
pay the merger consideration to the stockholders on a timely
basis.

At the close of business on the day of the
completion of the merger, we will close our stock ledger. After
that time, there will be no further transfer of shares of our
common stock.



As promptly as practicable after the completion
of the merger, the paying agent will send you a letter of
transmittal and instructions advising you how to surrender your
certificates in exchange for the merger consideration. The
paying agent will pay you your merger consideration after you
have (1) surrendered your certificates to the paying agent
and (2) provided to the paying agent your signed letter of
transmittal and any other items specified by the letter of
transmittal. Interest will not be paid or accrue in respect of
the merger consideration. The surviving corporation will reduce
the amount of any merger consideration paid to you by any
applicable withholding taxes. YOU SHOULD NOT FORWARD YOUR STOCK
CERTIFICATES TO THE PAYING AGENT WITHOUT A LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL, AND YOU SHOULD NOT RETURN YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES
WITH THE ENCLOSED PROXY.

If the paying agent is to pay some or all of your
merger consideration to a person other than you, you must have
your certificates properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form
for transfer, and you must pay any transfer or other taxes
payable by reason of the transfer or establish to the surviving
corporations satisfaction that the taxes have been paid or
are not required to be paid.

The transmittal instructions will tell you what
to do if you have lost your certificate, or if it has been
stolen or destroyed. You will have to provide an affidavit to
that fact and, if required by the paying agent, Berkshire
Hathaway or the surviving corporation, post a bond in an amount
that the paying agent, Berkshire Hathaway or the surviving
corporation, as the case may be, reasonably directs as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against those parties in
respect of the certificate.

Representations and Warranties

In the merger agreement, Clayton Homes, Berkshire
Hathaway and Merger Sub each made representations and warranties
relating to, among other things:

 

corporate organization and existence;

 

corporate power and authority to enter into and
    perform its obligations under, and enforceability of, the merger
    agreement;

 

required regulatory filings and consents and
    approvals of governmental entities;

 

the absence of conflicts with or defaults under
    organizational documents, debt instruments, other contracts and
    applicable laws and judgments;

 

brokers fees; and

 

information supplied for inclusion in this proxy
    statement or the documents related to our stock option tender
    offer.

In the merger agreement, Berkshire Hathaway and
Merger Sub also made representations and warranties relating to
the availability of the funds necessary to perform its
obligations under the merger agreement, the interim operations
of Merger Sub and their ownership of our common stock.

We also made representations and warranties
relating to, among other things:

 

capital structure;

 

documents filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission;

 

undisclosed liabilities;

 

absence of certain changes or events since
    June 30, 2002;

 

litigation;

 

compliance with applicable laws;

 

compliance with the Employee Retirement Income
    Securities Act of 1974, as amended, and other employee benefit
    matters;



 

environmental matters;

 

inapplicability of state takeover statutes;

 

title to properties;

 

tax matters;

 

intellectual property matters;

 

contracts with affiliates;

 

insurance matters;

 

board of directors approval of the merger
    agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including
    the merger, and board recommendation to our stockholders to
    approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions
    contemplated thereby, including the merger; and

 

receipt of Morgan Keegans fairness opinion
    to our board of directors.

Conduct of Business Pending the
Merger

We have agreed in the merger agreement that,
until the completion of the merger, except as expressly
contemplated or permitted by the merger agreement, required by
applicable law or consented to in writing by Berkshire Hathaway,
we and each of our subsidiaries will:

 

conduct our respective businesses in the usual,
    regular and ordinary course consistent with past practice; and

 

use all reasonable efforts to preserve intact our
    business organization and the good will of those having business
    relationships with us and to retain the services of our
    respective present officers and key employees.

We have also agreed that, until the completion of
the merger, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by the
merger agreement, required by applicable law or consented to in
writing by Berkshire Hathaway, we will not, and will not permit
any of our subsidiaries to:

 

issue, sell, grant, dispose of, pledge or
    otherwise encumber, or authorize or propose the issuance, sale,
    disposition or pledge or other encumbrance of (a) any
    additional shares of capital stock or any securities or rights
    convertible into, exchangeable for, or evidencing the right to
    subscribe for any shares of capital stock, or any rights,
    warrants, options, calls, commitments or any other agreements of
    any character to purchase or acquire any shares of capital stock
    or any securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable for,
    or evidencing the right to subscribe for, any shares of capital
    stock of Clayton Homes or any of our subsidiaries, or
    (b) any other securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in
    substitution for, any shares of capital stock or options of
    Clayton Homes or any of our subsidiaries outstanding on the date
    of the merger agreement, other than pursuant to the exercise of
    any stock options for our capital stock outstanding as of the
    date of the merger agreement;

 

accelerate the vesting of any stock options;

 

redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, or propose
    to redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, any outstanding shares
    of capital stock of Clayton Homes or any of our subsidiaries;

 

split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any
    shares of our capital stock or declare, set aside for payment or
    pay any dividend, or make any other actual, constructive or
    deemed distribution, in respect of any shares of capital stock
    or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their capacity
    as such;

 

engage in any borrowing or securitization
    transaction, or, other than in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice, otherwise incur any indebtedness
    for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness or make
    any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or



investments in, any person other than Clayton
    Homes or our direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries;

 

sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise
    dispose of any properties or assets with a minimum value in
    excess of $10 million to any individual, corporation or
    other entity other than a direct or indirect wholly owned
    subsidiary, or cancel, release or assign any indebtedness in
    excess of $1 million or any claims related thereto, in each
    case that is material to Clayton Homes and our subsidiaries,
    taken as a whole, except (a) in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice, or (b) pursuant to
    contracts or agreements in force on the date of the merger
    agreement;

 

other than in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice, make any material acquisition or
    investment in a business either by purchase of stock or
    securities, merger or consolidation, contributions to capital,
    loans, advances, property transfers, or purchases of any
    property or assets of any other individual, corporation or other
    entity other than a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary
    of Clayton Homes;

 

increase in any manner the compensation of any
    directors, officers or employees or enter into, establish, amend
    or terminate any employee benefit plan, for or in respect of,
    any stockholder, officer, director, other employee, agent,
    consultant or affiliate other than (a) as required pursuant
    to the terms of agreements in effect on the date of the merger
    agreement, and (b) increases in salaries, wages and
    benefits of employees who are not directors or executive
    officers made in the ordinary course of business and in a manner
    consistent with past practice;

 

amend the certificate of incorporation or bylaws
    of Clayton Homes or any of our subsidiaries;

 

waive or fail to enforce any provision of any
    confidentiality or standstill agreement to which Clayton Homes
    or any of our subsidiaries is a party; or

 

make any commitment to take any of the above
    actions.

Before entering into the merger agreement, we had
expected, in the ordinary course of business, to enter into
certain financing transactions in the next 12 months to
provide us with an aggregate of approximately $1.875 billion to
meet our ongoing capital requirements. Pending the closing of
the merger, Berkshire Hathaway has agreed that, to the extent it
will not permit us to use third-party financing sources,
Berkshire Hathaway will, or will cause one or more of its
subsidiaries to, enter into agreements with us or one or more of
our subsidiaries on specified dates that will provide certain
financing needed by us through (1) the acquisition of
certain securitizable contracts by Berkshire Hathaway or one of
its subsidiaries, and (2) borrowings by us or one or more
of our subsidiaries. We expect that financing provided by
Berkshire Hathaway would otherwise have been obtained by us on
similar terms through market transactions. A termination of the
merger agreement under certain circumstances, including in
connection with another takeover proposal, or a breach of the
merger agreement by Clayton Homes, will generally relieve
Berkshire Hathaway of any obligation to provide any such
financing unless an agreement with respect to such financing is
already in place.

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
the merger agreement, each of the parties to the merger
agreement has agreed to use all reasonable efforts to
(a) take, or cause to be taken, all actions that are
necessary, proper or advisable to achieve the completion of the
merger as promptly as practicable, including the taking of all
acts necessary to satisfy the conditions necessary for the
completion of the merger, (b) obtain any consent,
authorization or order from or approval of, or any exemption by,
any governmental entity and any other third party required to be
obtained by the merger agreement, (c) lift or rescind any
injunction or restraining or other order adversely affecting the
ability of the parties to complete the merger and
(d) defend any litigation seeking to enjoin, prevent or
delay the completion of the merger or seeking material damages.



Neither Berkshire Hathaway nor Merger Sub,
however, is required under the merger agreement to agree to any
of the following to complete the merger:

 

any prohibition of or limitation on the ownership
    or operation by Berkshire Hathaway, Merger Sub, Clayton Homes or
    any of their respective subsidiaries of any portion of their
    businesses or assets;

 

divest, hold separate or otherwise dispose of any
    portion of Berkshire Hathaways, Merger Subs, Clayton
    Homes or any of their respective subsidiaries
    businesses or assets;

 

any limitation on the ability of Berkshire
    Hathaway, Merger Sub or Clayton Homes to acquire, hold or
    exercise full ownership of shares of Clayton Homes common stock;
    or

 

any other limitation on Berkshire
    Hathaways, Merger Subs, Clayton Homes or any
    of their respective subsidiaries ability to control their
    businesses or operations effectively.

Conditions to the Merger

Conditions to Each Partys
Obligations.
 Each partys
obligation to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the following conditions:

 

the merger agreement must have been adopted by
    the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all
    outstanding shares of Clayton Homes common stock;

 

no statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order or
    injunction shall have been promulgated, entered, enforced,
    enacted, or issued or be applicable to the merger by any
    governmental entity that prohibits, restrains, or makes illegal
    the completion of the merger; and

 

all governmental consents, orders, approvals and
    waiting periods required for the completion of the merger shall
    have been obtained and shall be in effect, or, with respect to
    waiting periods, shall have expired or been terminated, at the
    time the merger becomes effective.

Conditions to Berkshire Hathaways and
Merger Subs Obligations.
 The
obligation of Berkshire Hathaway and Merger Sub to complete the
merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
further conditions:

 

our representations and warranties qualified by
    materiality must be true and correct in all respects, and all
    other representations and warranties must be true and correct in
    all material respects, as of the closing date, except
    representations and warranties that speak as of an earlier date;

 

we must have complied with all of our material
    obligations and covenants under the merger agreement on or prior
    to the closing date; and

 

no statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order or
    injunction shall have been promulgated, entered, enforced,
    enacted or issued or be applicable to the merger by any
    governmental entity that

 

prohibits, or imposes any material limitations
    on, Berkshire Hathaways ownership or operation of any
    portion of its or its subsidiaries businesses or assets,

 

prohibits, or imposes any material limitations
    on, Berkshire Hathaways, Merger Subs or Clayton
    Homes ownership or operation of any portion of Clayton
    Homes and our subsidiaries businesses and assets or

 

imposes material limitations on the ability of
    Berkshire Hathaway to exercise effectively full rights of
    ownership of the shares of the surviving corporation in the
    merger

and no action or proceeding by any governmental
    entity shall be pending that seeks any of these results; and

 

on or prior to the closing date, the number of
    holders of options to purchase shares of our common stock must
    not be more than 100, and the number of shares issuable upon
    exercise of outstanding stock options must not be more than
    250,000.



Conditions to Clayton Homes
Obligations.
 Our obligation to
complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
the following further conditions:

 

the representations and warranties of Berkshire
    Hathaway and Merger Sub qualified by materiality must be true
    and correct in all respects, and all other representations and
    warranties must be true and correct in all material respects, as
    of the closing date, except representations and warranties that
    speak as of an earlier date; and

 

Berkshire Hathaway and Merger Sub must have
    complied with all of their material obligations and covenants
    under the merger agreement on or prior to the closing date.

No Solicitations of Other Offers

The merger agreement provides that neither we nor
our representatives will:

 

solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or take
    any other action intended to facilitate, the submission of any
    takeover proposal, as described below; or

 

participate in any discussions or negotiations
    concerning a takeover proposal.

We may, however, at any time on or before
May 9, 2003, in response to an unsolicited bona fide
written takeover proposal that is made after the date of the
merger agreement in circumstances not otherwise involving a
breach of the merger agreement and that is a superior proposal
or is reasonably expected to lead to a superior proposal if, our
board of directors determines in good faith, after considering
applicable state law and consultation with our outside counsel,
that a failure to do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary
duties to our stockholders:

 

request information from the party making that
    takeover proposal for the purpose of our board of directors
    informing itself about the takeover proposal and the party
    making it;

 

furnish information regarding Clayton Homes to
    the person making that takeover proposal pursuant to a
    confidentiality agreement and provided that we advise Berkshire
    Hathaway of the nonpublic information we deliver to the third
    party making the takeover proposal; and

 

participate in negotiations with the party making
    that takeover proposal regarding that takeover proposal.

In addition, we have agreed that neither our
board of directors nor any of its committees will:

 

withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to
    withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Berkshire Hathaway,
    the approval of, determination of advisability of, or
    recommendation with respect to, the merger agreement and the
    transactions contemplated by that agreement, including the
    merger;

 

approve, determine to be advisable, or recommend,
    or propose publicly to approve, determine to be advisable, or
    recommend, the approval of any takeover proposal; or

 

cause Clayton Homes to enter into any letter of
    intent, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other
    similar agreement related to any takeover proposal.

However, our board of directors may, (a) if
it determines in good faith, in response to a superior proposal
that was unsolicited and made after the date of the merger
agreement in circumstances not otherwise involving a breach of
the merger agreement, after considering applicable state law and
consultation with our outside counsel, that the failure to do so
would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties, and (b) if
we have given Berkshire Hathaway two business days written
notice of the receipt of the superior proposal, the material
terms and conditions of the superior proposal, the identity of
the person making the superior proposal and the action our board
of directors has determined to take:

 

withdraw or modify its approval, determination of
    advisability, or recommendation of the merger agreement and the
    transactions contemplated by that agreement, including the
    merger;

 

approve, determine to be advisable or recommend a
    superior proposal; or



 

cause us to enter into an agreement related to
    the superior proposal and concurrently terminate the merger
    agreement and pay Berkshire Hathaway the termination fee
    described below.

We also have agreed to cease any discussion or
negotiations with any third parties conducted on or before the
date of the merger agreement with a view toward a takeover
proposal, and to notify Berkshire Hathaway of any takeover
proposal, its material terms and conditions including the
identity of the party making the takeover proposal and to keep
Berkshire Hathaway informed of the status of that takeover
proposal.

Nothing described above limits our ability to
take and disclose actions to comply with certain rules under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or to make any disclosure to
our stockholders.

For purposes of the merger agreement, the term
takeover proposal means any inquiry, proposal or
offer from any person relating to:

 

any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of
    15% or more of the assets of Clayton Homes or any of our
    subsidiaries or 15% or more of any class of equity securities of
    Clayton Homes or any of our subsidiaries;

 

any tender offer or exchange offer that if
    consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 15%
    or more of any class of equity securities of Clayton Homes or
    any of our subsidiaries; or

 

any merger, consolidation, share exchange,
    business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution
    or similar transaction involving us or any of our subsidiaries,

in each case other than the transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement.

For purposes of the merger agreement, the term
superior proposal means:

 

any bona fide written offer from any person for a
    direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of 50% or more of the
    assets of Clayton Homes or any of our subsidiaries, or 50% or
    more of any class of equity securities of Clayton Homes or any
    of our subsidiaries;

 

any tender offer or exchange offer that if
    consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 50%
    or more of any class of equity securities of Clayton Homes or
    any of our subsidiaries; or

 

any merger, consolidation, share exchange,
    business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution
    or similar transaction involving us or any of our subsidiaries,

in each case other than the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, that (a) provides for
consideration on a per share basis to our stockholders with a
value (taking into account, among other things, the likelihood
of the offer being consummated) exceeding $12.50 per share,
(b) that, considering all relevant factors, is more
favorable to us and our stockholders than the merger, and
(c) for which the third party has demonstrated that the
financing for its offer is fully committed or reasonably likely
to be obtained, in each case as determined by our board of
directors in its good faith judgment based on the advice of
independent financial advisors and outside counsel.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the completion of the merger, whether before or
after stockholder approval has been obtained:

 

by mutual written consent of Clayton Homes and
    Berkshire Hathaway;

 

by either Clayton Homes or Berkshire Hathaway, if:

 

any final, non-appealable governmental order,
    decree, ruling or other action prohibits the completion of the
    merger, except that the party seeking to terminate (subject to
    certain limitations in the case



of Berkshire Hathaway) shall have used all
    reasonable efforts to challenge that order, decree, ruling or
    other action; or

 

the merger is not completed on or before
    August 30, 2003, except that:

(a) this right to terminate will not be
    available to any party whose failure to comply with the merger
    agreement results in the failure of the merger to be completed
    by that date; and

(b) this date will be extended day-by-day
    for each day any party is subject to a nonfinal order, decree,
    ruling or action restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
    the consummation of the merger, but not beyond October 15,
    2003; or

 

by Berkshire Hathaway if:

 

our stockholders, at the special meeting or at
    any adjournment thereof, fail to adopt the merger agreement;

 

our board of directors or any committee of our
    board of directors withdraws or modifies, or proposes publicly
    to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Berkshire Hathaway
    its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement and
    transactions contemplated by that agreement, including the
    merger, or fails to reconfirm its recommendation within three
    business days of a request to do so, or approves or recommends,
    or proposes publicly to approve or recommend, any takeover
    proposal by a third party or resolves to take any such action; or

 

we have breached any of our representations or
    warranties qualified by materiality in any respect or those not
    qualified by materiality in any material respect, or any of our
    material obligations under the merger agreement where that
    breach cannot be cured within 15 business days after
    Berkshire Hathaway delivers written notice of the breach; or

 

by Clayton Homes if:

 

our stockholders, at the special meeting or at
    any adjournment thereof, fail to adopt the merger agreement;

 

we enter into a definitive agreement providing
    for a superior proposal, provided that we have complied with the
    provisions of the merger agreement described above under
    The Merger Agreement  No Solicitation of Other
    Offers, and provided that we have paid, or simultaneously
    with doing so pay, to Berkshire Hathaway the $35 million
    termination fee and their out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed
    $1 million as described below; or

 

Berkshire Hathaway has breached any of its
    representations or warranties qualified by materiality in any
    respect or those not qualified by materiality in any material
    respect, or any of its material obligations under the merger
    agreement where that breach cannot be cured within 15 business
    days after we deliver written notice of the breach.

Termination Fees

We must pay to Berkshire Hathaway a termination
fee of $35 million plus all of Berkshire Hathaways
and Merger Subs reasonably documented out-of-pocket fees
and expenses not to exceed $1 million if the merger
agreement is terminated under any of the following circumstances:

 

a takeover proposal had been communicated or
    disseminated prior to the termination; and

 

either party terminates because:

 

the merger has not been completed by
    August 30, 2003 (as it may be extended as described above
    under The Merger Agreement  Termination of
    the Merger Agreement);

 

the stockholder approval necessary to complete
    the merger is not obtained at the special meeting of
    stockholders or any adjournment thereof, as described above
    under The Merger Agreement  Termination of
    the Merger Agreement; or



 

there exists a final non-appealable governmental
    order, decree or ruling based on the existence of the takeover
    proposal; and

 

that takeover proposal is consummated within one
    year of the termination; or

 

we terminate because we enter into a definitive
    agreement providing for a superior proposal, as described above
    under The Merger Agreement  Termination of
    the Merger Agreement; or

 

Berkshire Hathaway terminates because our board
    of directors or any committee of our board of directors
    withdraws or modifies, or proposes publicly to withdraw or
    modify, in a manner adverse to Berkshire Hathaway its approval
    or recommendation of the merger agreement and the transactions
    contemplated by that agreement, including the merger, or fails
    to reconfirm its recommendation within three business days of a
    request to do so, or approves or recommends, or proposes
    publicly to approve or recommend, any takeover proposal by a
    third party or resolves to take any such action, as described
    above under The Merger Agreement  Termination
    of the Merger Agreement.

Employee Benefits

Berkshire Hathaway has agreed to honor and cause
the surviving corporation to honor all employee benefit plans
and arrangements that have been disclosed by us. In addition,
Berkshire Hathaway has agreed to maintain, for at least 24
months after the completion of the merger, compensation and
benefits to employees, former employees, directors or former
directors of Clayton Homes and our subsidiaries no less
favorable in the aggregate than the compensation and benefits
provided to those individuals immediately prior to the
completion of the merger, provided that the surviving
corporation will not be obligated to provide retiree medical
health insurance benefits, except as required by law, or any
form of equity-based compensation, including options to purchase
shares of stock of the surviving corporation or any of its
subsidiaries.

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

The parties may amend the merger agreement at any
time before completion of the merger. All amendments to the
merger agreement must be in writing signed by us, Berkshire
Hathaway and Merger Sub.

At any time before the completion of the merger,
each of the parties to the merger agreement may, by written
instrument:

 

extend the time for the performance of any of the
    obligations or other acts of the other parties;

 

waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
    warranties of the other parties contained in the merger
    agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger
    agreement; or

 

waive compliance with any of the agreements or
    conditions contained in the merger agreement.

However, after approval of the merger agreement
by our stockholders, no amendment or waiver may be made which by
law requires further approval by our stockholders, unless we
obtain that further approval.

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

This section of the proxy statement describes the
material provisions of the stockholders agreement but does not
purport to describe all of the terms of the stockholders
agreement. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the complete text of the stockholders agreement,
which is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement and
incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. We urge you
to read the full text of the stockholders agreement.

A stockholders agreement has been entered into
between Berkshire Hathaway, Merger Sub and James L. Clayton and
the Clayton Family Foundation obligating Mr. Clayton and
the Clayton Family



Foundation to vote their shares, among other
things, in favor of the merger and, if directed by Berkshire
Hathaway, against any competing takeover proposal (as defined in
the merger agreement) or other proposals that could adversely
affect the consummation of the merger. The stockholders that are
party to the stockholders agreement together own 37,663,862
shares of our common stock representing approximately 28% of the
total votes entitled to be cast at the special meeting. The
stockholders agreement will terminate upon the earlier to occur
of:

 

the completion of the merger;

 

the termination of the merger agreement,
    including termination on account of a superior takeover proposal
    that is received by Clayton Homes or publicly communicated on or
    before to May 9, 2003;

 

an amendment of the merger agreement reducing the
    merger consideration or changing the form of merger
    consideration to other than cash; and

 

December 31, 2003.

However, in the event of a termination of the
merger agreement relating to, or in certain circumstances
following, a takeover proposal received after May 9, 2003,
these stockholders will generally remain subject to the terms of
the stockholders agreement for a twelve-month period following
termination of the merger agreement. See The Merger
Agreement  Termination of the Merger Agreement.



SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS

AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth information as of
March 31, 2003, concerning the common stock of Clayton
Homes beneficially owned by (1) each person who is known to
us to own beneficially more than 5% of our outstanding common
stock, (2) each of our directors, (3) each of our
executive officers, and (4) all officers and directors as a
group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The number of
shares beneficially owned includes shares of common stock that
the named person has the right to acquire, through option
exercise, within 60 days of March 31, 2003. Beneficial
ownership calculations for 5% stockholders, other than
James L. Clayton, are based solely on publicly filed
Schedule 13Ds or Schedule 13Gs that 5% stockholders
are required to file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The following table does not reflect that certain
shares of our common stock may be deemed to be beneficially
owned by Berkshire Hathaway and Merger Sub pursuant to the
stockholders agreement. See The Merger
Agreement  Stockholders Agreement.

Name of

Number of Shares

Percent

Beneficial Owner

Beneficially Owned(1)

of Class

Citigroup Inc. 

14,256,973

10.5

%

399 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10043

FMR Corp. (Fidelity Management)

11,588,779

8.5

%

1 Federal St

Boston, MA 02110

Janus Capital Management LLC

8,851,735

6.5

%

100 Fillmore Street

Denver, CO 80206

Orbis Investment Management Limited

7,238,765

5.3

%

34 Bermudiana Road

Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

James L. Clayton(2)

37,926,584

27.8

%

P.O. Box 15169

Knoxville, TN 38901

B. Joe Clayton

148,688

*

Kevin T. Clayton(3)

927,323

*

Steven G. Davis



*

Dan W. Evins

78,924

*

Wilma H. Jordan

45,461

*

Thomas N. McAdams

11,931

*

C. Warren Neel

44,382

*

David M. Booth

361,184

*

Richard D. Strachan

114,628

*

John J. Kalec

11,251

*

Walter A. Morgan

29,921

*

All directors and executive officers as a group
    (12 persons)

39,700,277

29.15

%



*

Less than 1%

(1) 

These amounts include shares for which the named
    person has sole voting and investment power or shares such
    powers with his or her spouse. They also include shares credited
    to the named persons account under the Clayton Homes
    401(k) Plan, in the following amounts:

James L. Clayton

13,568

David M. Booth

7,779

Kevin T. Clayton

7,643

Richard D. Strachan

4,127

Walter A. Morgan

1,796

John J. Kalec

1,095

All executives officers as a group(5)

22,440

(2) 

Includes 9,175,411 shares held by the Clayton
    Family Foundation, a non-profit corporation, of which
    James L. Clayton is director and president and 40,852
    shares held by his wife.

(3) 

Includes 400,923 shares held in trust in which
    Kevin T. Clayton is a trustee, but not a beneficiary;
    includes 6,100 shares held in trust of which Kevin T.
    Clayton is a trustee and beneficiary; does not include 9,175,411
    shares held by the Clayton Family Foundation of which
    Kevin T. Clayton is a director.



OTHER MATTERS

Other Matters for Action at the Special
Meeting

As of the date of this proxy statement, our board
of directors knows of no matters that will be presented for
consideration at the special meeting other than as described in
this proxy statement.

When considering a motion to adjourn or postpone
the special meeting to another time and/or place (including,
without limitation, for the purpose of soliciting additional
proxies or allowing additional time for the satisfaction of
conditions to the merger), the persons named in the enclosed
form of proxy and acting by the authority in the proxy generally
will have discretion to vote on adjournment or postponement
using their best judgment. However, the persons named in the
proxies will not use their discretionary authority to use
proxies voting against the merger agreement to vote in favor of
adjournment or postponement of the special meeting.

Stockholder Proposals

Due to the contemplated consummation of the
merger, we do not currently expect to hold a 2003 annual meeting
of stockholders because, following the merger, we will not be a
publicly held company. If the merger is not consummated for any
reason, under the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, we must receive proposals of stockholders intended
to be presented at and included in the proxy statement for the
2003 annual meeting of stockholders at our principal executive
offices no later than May 23, 2003.

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

The Securities and Exchange Commission encourages
companies to disclose forward-looking information so that
investors can better understand a companys future
prospects and make informed investment decisions. These
statements may be made directly in this proxy statement
referring to us, and they may also be made a part of this proxy
statement by reference to other documents filed by us with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, which is known as
incorporation by reference.

Words such as anticipate,
estimate, expect, project,
intend, plan, believe,
target, objective, strategy,
goal and words and terms of similar substance used
in connection with any discussion of future operating or
financial performance, or the acquisition of us by Berkshire
Hathaway, identify forward-looking statements. Our
forward-looking statements are based on the managements
current views about future events and are subject to a number of
factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements. The following risks related to our business and the
merger, among others, could cause or contribute to actual
results differing materially from those described in the
forward-looking statements:

 

potential periodic inventory adjustments by both
    captive and independent retailers;

 

availability of wholesale and retail financing;

 

general or seasonal weather conditions affecting
    sales and revenues;

 

catastrophic events impacting insurance costs;

 

cost of labor;

 

cost of raw materials;

 

industry consolidation trends creating fewer, but
    stronger, competitors capable of sustaining competitive pricing
    pressures;

 

ability to anticipate and meet consumer
    preferences, maintain successful marketing programs, continue
    manufacturing output, keep a strong cost management oversight,
    and achieve stable results from our securitization activities;



 

prevailing interest rates;

 

government monetary policy;

 

stable regulation of manufacturing standards;

 

consumer confidence;

 

favorable trade policies;

 

quality of management;

 

general economic, business and financial market
    conditions;

 

the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing
    set forth in the merger agreement; and

 

other factors described in our filings with the
    SEC.

We caution you not to place undue reliance on our
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of
this proxy statement or the date of the document incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement. Except as required by law, we
are under no obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation,
to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise.

For additional information about factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements, please see the
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the annual reports on
Form 10-K that Clayton Homes has filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission as described under Where You Can
Find More Information. All forward-looking statements
attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary
statements contained or referred to in this section.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

We file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any document we file
at the Securities and Exchange Commissions public
reference room located at 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Room 1024, Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the
Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the public reference room. Our Securities and
Exchange Commission filings are also available to the public at
the Securities and Exchange Commissions website at
http://www.sec.gov.

Statements contained in this proxy statement, or
in any document incorporated in this proxy statement by
reference regarding the contents of any contract or other
document, are not necessarily complete and each such statement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to that contract or
other document filed as an exhibit with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The Securities and Exchange Commission
allows us to incorporate by reference, into this
proxy statement documents we file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. This means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to those documents. The
information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part
of this proxy statement, and later information that we file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission will update and supersede
that information. We incorporate by reference the documents
listed below and any



documents filed by us pursuant to
Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, after the date of this proxy
statement and before the date of the special meeting:

Clayton Homes Filings:

Periods

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Year ended June 30, 2002

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q

Quarters ended September 30, 2002 and
    December 31, 2002

Current Reports on Form 8-K

Filed February 14, 2003, February 19, 2003,
    February 21, 2003, February 24, 2003, March 4,
    2003, March 13, 2003, March 14, 2003 and April 2,

Proxy Statement for our 2002 annual meeting of
    stockholders

Filed September 25, 2002

You may request a copy of the documents
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement by writing
to, or telephoning us. Requests for documents should be directed
to:

Clayton Homes, Inc.

5000 Clayton Road

Maryville, Tennessee 37804

Telephone: (865) 380-3000

Attention: Thomas D. Hodges, Secretary

If you would like to request documents from us,
please do so at least five business days before the date of the
special meeting in order to receive timely delivery of those
documents prior to the special meeting.

This proxy statement does not constitute the
solicitation of a proxy in any jurisdiction to or from any
person to whom or from whom it is unlawful to make such proxy
solicitation in that jurisdiction. You should rely only on the
information contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement to vote your shares at the special meeting. We have
not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is
different from what is contained in this proxy statement. This
proxy statement is
dated                    ,
2003. You should not assume that the information contained in
this proxy statement is accurate as of any date other than that
date, and the mailing of this proxy statement to stockholders
does not create any implication to the contrary.



ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

B MERGER SUB INC.

and

CLAYTON HOMES, INC.

April 1, 2003





ARTICLE I THE MERGER

A-1

SECTION 1.1

THE MERGER

A-1

SECTION 1.2

EFFECTIVE TIME

A-1

SECTION 1.3

CLOSING

A-2

SECTION 1.4

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING
    CORPORATION

A-2

SECTION 1.5

STOCKHOLDERS MEETING

A-2

ARTICLE II CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; OPTION OFFER

A-2

SECTION 2.1

CONVERSION OF CAPITAL STOCK

A-2

SECTION 2.2

EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

A-3

SECTION 2.3

DISSENTING SHARES

A-4

SECTION 2.4

COMPANY OPTION PLANS

A-4

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
    COMPANY

A-5

SECTION 3.1

CORPORATE ORGANIZATION

A-5

SECTION 3.2

CAPITALIZATION

A-6

SECTION 3.3

AUTHORITY

A-7

SECTION 3.4

CONSENTS AND APPROVALS; NO VIOLATIONS

A-7

SECTION 3.5

SEC DOCUMENTS; UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES

A-8

SECTION 3.6

BROKERS FEES

A-8

SECTION 3.7

ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS

A-9

SECTION 3.8

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

A-9

SECTION 3.9

COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW

A-9

SECTION 3.10

COMPANY INFORMATION

A-9

SECTION 3.11

EMPLOYEE MATTERS

A-9

SECTION 3.12

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

A-10

SECTION 3.13

TAKEOVER STATUTES

A-11

SECTION 3.14

PROPERTIES

A-11

SECTION 3.15

TAX RETURNS AND TAX PAYMENTS

A-11

SECTION 3.16

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

A-12

SECTION 3.17

IDENTIFIED AGREEMENTS

A-12

SECTION 3.18

INSURANCE

A-12

SECTION 3.19

BOARD RECOMMENDATION

A-12

SECTION 3.20

OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR

A-12

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
    PARENT AND MERGER SUB

A-12

SECTION 4.1

CORPORATE ORGANIZATION

A-12

SECTION 4.2

AUTHORITY

A-13

SECTION 4.3

CONSENTS AND APPROVALS; NO VIOLATION

A-13

SECTION 4.4

BROKERS FEES

A-13

SECTION 4.5

MERGER SUBS OPERATION

A-13

SECTION 4.6

PARENT OR MERGER SUB INFORMATION

A-14

SECTION 4.7

FINANCING

A-14

SECTION 4.8

STOCK OWNERSHIP

A-14

A-i



ARTICLE V COVENANTS

A-14

SECTION 5.1

CONDUCT OF BUSINESSES PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME

A-14

SECTION 5.2

NO SOLICITATION

A-15

SECTION 5.3

PUBLICITY

A-17

SECTION 5.4

NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS

A-17

SECTION 5.5

ACCESS TO INFORMATION

A-17

SECTION 5.6

FURTHER ASSURANCES

A-18

SECTION 5.7

INDEMNIFICATION

A-18

SECTION 5.8

EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

A-20

SECTION 5.9

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

A-20

SECTION 5.10

CERTAIN LENDING TRANSACTIONS

A-20

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

A-21

SECTION 6.1

CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTYS OBLIGATION TO
    EFFECT THE MERGER

A-21

SECTION 6.2

CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND MERGER
    SUB TO EFFECT THE MERGER

A-21

SECTION 6.3

CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY TO
    EFFECT THE MERGER

A-22

SECTION 6.4

FRUSTRATION OF CLOSING CONDITIONS

A-22

ARTICLE VII TERMINATION

A-22

SECTION 7.1

TERMINATION

A-22

SECTION 7.2

EFFECT OF TERMINATION

A-23

SECTION 7.3

TERMINATION FEE; EXPENSES

A-23

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS

A-24

SECTION 8.1

AMENDMENT AND MODIFICATION

A-24

SECTION 8.2

EXTENSION; WAIVER

A-24

SECTION 8.3

NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

A-24

SECTION 8.4

NOTICES

A-24

SECTION 8.5

COUNTERPARTS

A-25

SECTION 8.6

ENTIRE AGREEMENT; THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES

A-25

SECTION 8.7

SEVERABILITY

A-25

SECTION 8.8

GOVERNING LAW

A-25

SECTION 8.9

ASSIGNMENT

A-26

SECTION 8.10

HEADINGS; INTERPRETATION

A-26

SECTION 8.11

ENFORCEMENT

A-26

A-ii



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
Agreement), dated as of April 1, 2003, by and
among Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Parent), B Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger
Sub), and Clayton Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company).

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Parent, the
Board of Directors of Merger Sub, and the Board of Directors of
the Company have approved, and determined that it is advisable
and in the best interests of their respective companies and
stockholders to consummate, the merger of Merger Sub with and
into the Company (the Merger), with the Company as
the surviving corporation in the Merger, upon and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, pursuant to
which the shares of Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share, of
the Company (the Shares or the Company Common
Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2), other than Shares
described in Section 2.1(b) and any Dissenting Shares (as
defined in Section 2.3), will be converted into the right
to receive $12.50 per Share in cash (the Merger
Consideration); and

WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub
desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements in connection with the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby; and

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and as a condition to Parents
and Merger Subs willingness to enter into this Agreement,
Parent and Merger Sub have entered into a Stockholders
Agreement, dated the date hereof, the form of which is attached
as Exhibit A hereto (the Stockholders
Agreement), with the stockholders named therein (the
Stockholders), pursuant to which the Stockholders
have, among other things, agreed to vote all Shares beneficially
owned by the Stockholders in favor of the Merger and this
Agreement and against any Takeover Proposal (as defined herein),
in each case subject to and on the conditions set forth therein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

SECTION 1.1     
The
Merger.
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the DGCL), at the Effective Time, the Company
and Merger Sub shall consummate a merger (the
Merger) pursuant to which (a) Merger Sub shall
be merged with and into the Company and the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall thereupon cease, (b) the
Company shall be the successor or surviving corporation in the
Merger (the Surviving Corporation) under the name
Clayton Homes, Inc. and shall continue to be
governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, and (c) the
separate corporate existence of the Company with all its rights,
privileges, immunities, powers and franchises shall continue
unaffected by the Merger. After the Effective Time, (x) the
certificate of incorporation of the Company shall be amended as
desired by Parent (which amendments will include restrictions on
the transferability of shares of capital stock of the Surviving
Corporation) and as so amended shall become the certificate of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter
amended as provided by law and such certificate of
incorporation, and (y) the bylaws of Merger Sub, as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the
bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as
provided by law, the certificate of incorporation and such
bylaws. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL.

SECTION
1.2     
Effective Time.
 Parent,
Merger Sub, and the Company shall cause an appropriate
Certificate of Merger (the Certificate of Merger) to
be executed and filed on the date of the Closing (as defined in
Section 1.3) (or on such other date as Parent and the
Company may agree) with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware (the Secretary of State) as provided in the
DGCL. The

A-1



Merger shall become effective on the date on
which the Certificate of Merger has been duly filed with the
Secretary of State or such later time as is agreed upon by the
parties and specified in the Certificate of Merger, and such
time is hereinafter referred to as the Effective
Time.

SECTION
1.3     
Closing.
 The closing of
the Merger (the Closing) shall take place at
10:00 a.m., on a date to be specified by the parties, which
shall be as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the
fourth business day, after satisfaction or waiver of all of the
conditions set forth in Article VI hereof (the
Closing Date), at, or directed from, the offices of
Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP, 355 South Grand
Avenue, Los Angeles, California 90071, unless another date or
place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

SECTION
1.4     
Directors and Officers of
the Surviving Corporation.
 The directors of Merger Sub and
the officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the directors
and officers, respectively, of the Surviving Corporation until
their successors shall have been duly elected or appointed or
qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal
in accordance with the Surviving Corporations certificate
of incorporation and bylaws.

SECTION
1.5     
Stockholders
Meeting.

(a) The Company, acting through its Board of
    Directors, shall, in accordance with applicable law:

(i) duly call, give notice of, convene and
    hold a special meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of
    considering and taking action upon this Agreement (the
    Special Meeting) as soon as practicable following
    the date hereof;

(ii) prepare and file with the United States
    Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), within
    ten business days of the date hereof, a preliminary proxy
    statement relating to the Merger and this Agreement and use its
    reasonable efforts (A) to obtain and furnish the
    information required to be included by the federal securities
    laws (and the rules and regulations thereunder) in the Proxy
    Statement (as hereinafter defined) and, after consultation with
    Parent, to respond promptly to any comments made by the SEC with
    respect to the preliminary proxy statement and, as soon as
    practicable thereafter, to cause a definitive proxy statement
    (the Proxy Statement) to be mailed to its
    stockholders and (B) to obtain the necessary approvals of
    the Merger and this Agreement by its stockholders as soon as
    practicable; and

(iii) include in the Proxy Statement
    (1) the recommendation of the Board that stockholders of
    the Company vote in favor of the approval of the Merger and the
    adoption of this Agreement, unless such recommendation has been
    withdrawn, or as such recommendation has been modified or
    amended, in each case in accordance with Section 5.2, and
    (2) the opinion of Morgan Keegan (the Financial
    Advisor) described in Section 3.20.

(b) Parent shall provide the Company with
    the information concerning Parent and Merger Sub required to be
    included in the Proxy Statement. Parent shall vote, or cause to
    be voted, all of the Shares (if any) then owned by it, Merger
    Sub or any of its other subsidiaries and affiliates in favor of
    the approval of the Merger and the adoption of this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; OPTION OFFER

SECTION
2.1     
Conversion of Capital
Stock.
 As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holders of any shares of
Company Common Stock or of the common stock, par value $.0l per
share, of Merger Sub (the Merger Sub Common Stock):

(a) 
Merger Sub Common Stock.
 Each
    issued and outstanding share of Merger Sub Common Stock shall be
    converted into and become one validly issued, fully paid and
    nonassessable share of common stock, par value $.0l per share,
    of the Surviving Corporation.

A-2



(b) 
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and
    Parent-Owned Stock.
 All shares of Company Common Stock that
    are owned by the Company as treasury stock, all shares of
    Company Common Stock owned by any subsidiary of the Company and
    any shares of Company Common Stock owned by Parent, Merger Sub
    or any other wholly owned subsidiary of Parent shall be canceled
    and retired and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall
    be delivered in exchange therefor.

(c) 
Conversion of Shares.
 Each issued
    and outstanding share of Company Common Stock, other than Shares
    to be canceled in accordance with Section 2.1(b) hereof and
    any Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.3 hereof),
    shall be converted into the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration in cash, without interest, payable to the holder
    thereof upon surrender of the certificate formerly representing
    such share of Company Common Stock in the manner provided in
    Section 2.2 hereof. All such shares of Company Common
    Stock, when so converted, shall no longer be outstanding and
    shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to
    exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such
    Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto,
    except the right to receive the Merger Consideration therefor
    upon the surrender of such certificate in accordance with
    Section 2.2 hereof, without interest.

SECTION
2.2     
Exchange of Certificates.

(a) 
Paying Agent.
 Prior to the
Effective Time, Parent shall designate a bank or trust company
(the Paying Agent) reasonably acceptable to the
Company to make the payments of the funds to which holders of
shares of Company Common Stock shall become entitled pursuant to
Section 2.1(c) hereof. When and as needed, Parent shall
deposit with the Paying Agent such funds in trust for the
benefit of holders of shares of Company Common Stock for
exchange in accordance with Section 2.1, for timely payment
hereunder. Such funds shall be invested by the Paying Agent as
directed by Parent. Any net profit resulting from, or interest
or income produced by, such investments will be payable to
Parent.

(b) 
Exchange Procedures.
 As promptly
as practicable after the Effective Time but in no event more
than ten (10) days thereafter, Parent shall cause the
Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of a certificate
or certificates, which immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the
Certificates), whose shares were converted pursuant
to Section 2.1(c) into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration, (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall
specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in such form and
have such other provisions as Parent and the Surviving
Corporation may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for payment of the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender
of a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent, together
with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of
such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange
therefor the Merger Consideration (subject to subsection
(e) below) multiplied by the number of shares of Company
Common Stock formerly represented by such Certificate and the
Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. If
payment of the Merger Consideration is to be made to a person
other than the person in whose name the surrendered Certificate
is registered, it shall be a condition of payment that the
Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or shall
be otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person
requesting such payment shall have paid any transfer and other
taxes required by reason of the payment of the Merger
Consideration to a person other than the registered holder of
the Certificate surrendered or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that such tax either
has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section 2.2, each Certificate shall be
deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only
the right to receive the Merger Consideration in cash as
contemplated by this Section 2.2.

(c) 
Transfer Books; No Further Ownership
Rights in Company Common Stock.
 At the Effective Time, the
stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and
thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers
of shares of Company Common Stock on the records of the Company.
From and after the Effective Time, the holders of Certificates
evidencing ownership of shares of Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease
to have any rights with respect to

A-3



such Shares, except as otherwise provided for
herein or by applicable law. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any
reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged for Merger
Consideration in the proper amount of cash as provided in this
Article II.

(d) 
Return of Funds; No Liability.
 At
any time following 270 calendar days after the Effective Time,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to require
the Paying Agent to deliver to it any funds (including any
interest received with respect thereto) which had been deposited
with the Paying Agent and which have not been disbursed to
holders of Certificates, and thereafter such holders shall be
entitled to look only to Parent or the Surviving Corporation
(subject to abandoned property, escheat or other similar laws)
as general creditors thereof with respect to the payment of any
Merger Consideration that may be payable upon surrender of any
Certificates such stockholder holds, as determined pursuant to
this Agreement, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor the
Paying Agent shall be liable to any holder of a Certificate for
Merger Consideration delivered to a public official pursuant to
any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

(e) 
Withholding Taxes.
 Parent, the
Surviving Corporation and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to
a holder of Shares pursuant to the Merger such amounts as
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent is
required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of
such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code) or any provision of state, local or
foreign tax law. To the extent amounts are so withheld by
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, the
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this
Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the Shares in
respect of which the deduction and withholding was made.

SECTION 2.3     
Dissenting
Shares.
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, if and to the extent required by the DGCL, shares
of Company Common Stock which are issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time and which are held by
holders of such shares of Company Common Stock who have properly
exercised appraisal rights with respect thereto (the
Dissenting Shares) in accordance with
Section 262 of the DGCL, shall not be exchangeable for the
right to receive the Merger Consideration, and holders of such
Dissenting Shares shall be entitled to receive payment of the
appraised value of such Dissenting Shares in accordance with the
provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL unless and until such
holders fail to perfect or effectively withdraw or otherwise
lose their rights to appraisal and payment under the DGCL. If,
after the Effective Time, any such holder fails to perfect or
effectively withdraws or loses such right, such Dissenting
Shares shall thereupon be treated as if they had been converted
into and to have become exchangeable for, at the Effective Time,
the right to receive the Merger Consideration, without any
interest thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 2.3, if this Agreement is
terminated prior to the Effective Time, then the right of any
stockholder to be paid the fair value of such stockholders
Dissenting Shares pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL shall
cease. The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of
any demands received by the Company for appraisal of Dissenting
Shares, withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments
served pursuant to the DGCL which are received by the Company,
and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and
proceedings with respect to demands for appraisal under the
DGCL. The Company shall not, except with the prior written
consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to any demands
for appraisal or offer to settle or settle any such demands.

SECTION 2.4     
Company
Option Plans.

(a) On such date as is determined by the
mutual agreement of the Company and Parent, which shall be no
later than the date the Proxy Statement is mailed to the
Companys stockholders, the Company shall commence an offer
(the Option Offer) to purchase, from the holders
thereof, all outstanding options to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock (Company Stock Options), whether vested
or unvested (except for unvested Company Stock Options granted
pursuant to the 1996 Outside Directors Equity Plan, which shall
not be included in the Option Offer and which shall terminate,
in accordance with their terms, at the Effective Time), for an
aggregate price not in excess of $19,500,000 and at a price per
option (subject to any applicable withholding taxes) determined
in accordance with Exhibit B hereto.

A-4



The Option Offer shall require each optionholder
to tender all Company Stock Options owned by such optionholder
at the time of his or her tender in order to participate in the
Option Offer. In making the Option Offer, the Company shall, and
shall cause all documents related to the Option Offer which are
filed with the SEC and/or published, sent or given to holders of
Company Stock Options (collectively, the Option Offer
Documents) to, comply in all respects with the provisions
of applicable federal securities laws (including, without
limitation, the provisions of the Exchange Act, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, that relate to going
private transactions under Rule 13e-3 of the Exchange Act
and issuer tender offers) and state law. On the date any Option
Offer Documents are filed with the SEC and on the date any
Option Offer Documents are first published, sent or given to
holders of Company Stock Options, such documents shall not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except
that no representation is made by the Company with respect to
information supplied by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub for
inclusion in the Option Offer Documents. The Company shall not
file with the SEC or otherwise provide to holders of Company
Stock Options any documents related to the Option Offer without
the prior review and approval of such documents by Parent and
Merger Sub, nor waive any conditions to the Option Offer (which
conditions must be approved by Parent and Merger Sub) without
the prior approval of Parent and Merger Sub. In addition, the
Company shall provide Parent and Merger Sub and their counsel in
writing with any comments the Company or its counsel may receive
from the SEC or its staff with respect to any of the Offer
Documents promptly after receipt of such comments and a
reasonable opportunity to participate in the preparation of any
responses thereto by the Company or its counsel, including
copies of any written responses and telephonic notification of
any verbal responses.

(b) The Board of Directors of the Company
(or, if appropriate, any committee thereof) shall adopt such
resolutions and take such other action as may be necessary to
(i) cancel all Company Stock Options purchased by the
Company pursuant to Section 2.4(a) immediately following
such purchase, (ii) terminate, as of the Effective Time,
any plan, program or arrangement providing for the issuance or
grant of any interest in respect of the capital stock of the
Company or any subsidiary of the Company, other than, to the
extent Company Stock Options remain outstanding thereunder
immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Companys 1991
Employee Stock Incentive Plan, 1994 Directors Equity Plan,
1996 Outside Directors Equity Plan, and 1997 Employee Stock
Incentive Plan (the Option Plans), and
(iii) provide that following the Effective Time no
participant in any such plan, program or arrangement shall have
any right thereunder to acquire capital securities of Parent or,
except for any Company Stock Options which remain outstanding
under the Option Plans immediately prior to the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company represents and warrants to Parent and
Merger Sub as follows:

SECTION 3.1     
Corporate
Organization.
 Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization
and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own or
lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted. Each of the Company and
its subsidiaries is duly licensed or qualified to do business in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
by it or the character or location of the properties and assets
owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or
qualified would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or when aggregated with all other such failures, a Material
Adverse Effect (as defined below) on the Company (Company
Material Adverse Effect). The copies of the Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company (the Company
Charter and Company Bylaws), in the form
delivered to Merger Sub and Parent, are true, complete and
correct copies of such documents as in effect as of the date of
this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the term
Material Adverse Effect

A-5



means, with respect to the Company, on the one
hand, or Parent, on the other hand, a material adverse effect on
(i) the ability of the Company, on the one hand, or Parent
and Merger Sub, on the other hand, to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, or (ii) the business,
results of operations, properties, assets, liabilities or
financial condition of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, except to the extent such material adverse effect under
this clause (ii) results from (A) any changes in
general United States or global economic conditions,
(B) any changes in general economic conditions in
industries in which such party and its subsidiaries operate,
which changes do not affect such party disproportionately
relative to other entities operating in such industries, or
(C) any decline in the market price of the common stock of
such party. For purposes of analyzing whether any state of
facts, change, development, effect, occurrence or condition has
resulted in a Company Material Adverse Effect, Parent and Merger
Sub will not be deemed to have knowledge of any state of facts,
change, development, effect, occurrence or condition relating to
the Company or its subsidiaries unless it is disclosed in the
Companys SEC Documents or the Company Disclosure Schedule
(as defined below). As used in this Agreement, the word
subsidiary when used with respect to any party means
any corporation, partnership or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated, (i) of which at least a
majority of the securities or other interests having by their
terms voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors
or others performing similar functions with respect to such
corporation or other organization is directly or indirectly
beneficially owned or controlled by such party or by any one or
more of its subsidiaries, or by such party and one or more of
its subsidiaries, or (ii) that would be required to be
consolidated in such partys financial statements under
generally accepted accounting principles as adopted (whether or
not yet effective) in the United States.

SECTION 3.2     
Capitalization.

(a) The authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of 200,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock,
par value $0.10 per share. At the date hereof, there were
(i) 136,134,319 shares of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding, and (ii) 5,944,718 shares of Company Common
Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding Company Stock
Options (whether or not presently exercisable) pursuant to the
Option Plans. All of the issued and outstanding shares of
Company Stock have been, and any shares of Company Common Stock
issued upon the exercise of Company Stock Options will be, duly
authorized and validly issued and are or will be fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. Except as set forth
above or in Section 3.2(a) of the Companys disclosure
schedule delivered to Parent concurrently with the execution of
this Agreement (the Company Disclosure Schedule), as
of the date hereof, there are not, and as of the Effective Time
there will not be, any outstanding securities, options,
warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements, derivative
contracts, forward sale contracts or undertakings of any kind to
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or by
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound,
obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold,
additional shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
the Company or of any subsidiary of the Company or obligating
the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to issue, grant,
extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call,
right, commitment, agreement, derivative contract, forward sale
contract or undertaking, or obligating the Company to make any
payment based on or resulting from the value or price of the
Company Common Stock or of any such security, option, warrant,
call, right, commitment, agreement, derivative contract, forward
sale contract or undertaking. There are no outstanding
contractual obligations of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.

(b) The Company owns, directly or
indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock of each of its subsidiaries, free and clear of any liens,
charges, encumbrances, adverse rights or claims and security
interests whatsoever (Liens), and all of such shares
are duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.

(c) Disclosed in Section 3.2(c) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule is a true and complete list of all
outstanding Company Stock Options, the exercise price therefor,
and the holder thereof.

A-6



SECTION 3.3     
Authority.

(a) The Company has all necessary corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to
obtaining the approval of holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the Company
Stockholder Approval) prior to the consummation of the
Merger in accordance with Section 251 of the DGCL. The
Company Stockholder Approval is the only vote of the holders of
any class or series of the Companys securities necessary
to approve this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by
the Company of this Agreement, and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized by
its Board of Directors and, except for obtaining the approval of
its stockholders as contemplated by Section 1.5 hereof and
as required by the DGCL, no other corporate action on the part
of the Company is necessary to authorize the execution and
delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation
by it of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and,
assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery
hereof by the other parties thereto, constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except that such
enforceability (i) may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or
relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and (ii) is subject to general principles of equity.

(b) The Board of Directors of the Company
has approved and taken all corporate action required to be taken
by the Board of Directors for the consummation by the Company of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 3.4     
Consents
and Approvals; No Violations.

(a) Except for (i) the consents and
approvals set forth in Section 3.4(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, (ii) the filing with the SEC of the
preliminary proxy statement, the Proxy Statement and any of the
Offer Documents required to be so filed, (iii) the filing
of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State
pursuant to the DGCL, (iv) the Company Stockholder Approval
and (v) filings, permits, authorizations, consents and
approvals as may be required under, and other applicable
requirements of, (A) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act), and (B) the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended
(the HSR Act), no consents or approvals of, or
filings, declarations or registrations with, any federal, state
or local court, administrative or regulatory agency or
commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign (each a Governmental Entity),
are necessary for the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby or by the Stockholders
Agreement, other than such other consents, approvals, filings,
declarations or registrations that, if not obtained, made or
given, would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Except as set forth in
Section 3.4(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby, nor compliance by the Company with any of the terms or
provisions hereof, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Stockholders Agreement or compliance with
the terms and provisions thereof, will (i) conflict with or
violate any provision of the Company Charter or Company Bylaws
or any of the similar organizational documents of any of its
subsidiaries or (ii) assuming that the authorizations,
consents and approvals referred to in Section 3.4(a) and
the authorization hereof by the Companys stockholders are
duly obtained in accordance with the DGCL, (x) violate any
statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order,
writ, decree or injunction applicable to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or
assets, or (y) violate, conflict with, result in the loss
of any material benefit under, constitute a default (or an event
which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a
default) under, result in the termination of or a right of
termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance
required by, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of
the respective properties or assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions
of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,

A-7



deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or affected,
except, in the case of clause (ii) above, for such
violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, losses, terminations
of rights thereof, accelerations or Lien creations which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.5 
SEC Documents; Undisclosed
Liabilities.
 The Company has filed all required registration
statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC
since January 1, 2001 (collectively, and in each case
including all exhibits, schedules and amendments thereto and
documents incorporated by reference therein, the SEC
Documents). No subsidiary of the Company is required to
file any registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule,
form, statement or other document with the SEC. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act,
as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC Documents, and
none of the SEC Documents (including any and all financial
statements included therein) as of such dates contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the
SEC Documents (the SEC Financial Statements) comply
as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
(except, in the case of unaudited consolidated quarterly
statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a
consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be
indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial position of the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
unaudited quarterly statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments). Since June 30, 2002, neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries, has incurred any liabilities or
obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent
or otherwise) required, if known, to be reflected or reserved
against on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company prepared
in accordance with GAAP except (i) as and to the extent set
forth on the audited balance sheet of the Company and its
subsidiaries as of June 30, 2002 (including the notes
thereto) included in the SEC Documents, (ii) as incurred in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(iii) as incurred after June 30, 2002 in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with past practice,
(iv) as described in the SEC Documents filed since
June 30, 2002 (the Recent SEC Documents), or
(v) as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. If, at any time prior to the
Effective Time, the Company shall obtain knowledge of any
material facts that would require supplementing or amending any
of the foregoing documents in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, or to comply with applicable laws, such
amendment or supplement shall be promptly filed with the SEC
and, as required by law, disseminated to the stockholders of the
Company. The management of the Company has (i) designed
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to the management of the Company by
others within those entities, and (ii) has disclosed, based
on its most recent evaluation, to the Companys auditors
and the audit committee of the Companys Board of Directors
(A) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
of internal controls which could adversely affect the
Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial data and have identified for the Companys
auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls and
(B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Companys internal controls. A summary of such disclosure
made by management to the Companys auditors and audit
committee is set forth on Section 3.5 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule.

SECTION 3.6     
Brokers
Fees.
 Except for the Financial Advisors fee set forth
in Section 3.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither
the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company nor any of their
respective officers or directors on behalf of the Company or
such subsidiaries has employed any financial

A-8



advisor, broker or finder or incurred any
liability for any financial advisory fee, brokers fees,
commissions or finders fees in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 3.7     
Absence
of Certain Changes or Events.
 Except as set forth in the
Recent SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, since
June 30, 2002, the Company and its subsidiaries have
conducted their businesses only in the ordinary course and in a
manner consistent with past practice and, since such date, there
has not been any event that, individually or in the aggregate,
has had or would reasonably be expected to have in the future a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in
Section 3.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since
June 30, 2002, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has taken, or failed to take, any action that would
have constituted a breach of Section 5.1 hereof had the
covenants therein applied since that date.

SECTION 3.8     
Legal
Proceedings.

(a) Except as set forth in Section 3.8
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no action, suit or
proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation pending or, to
the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any or its
subsidiaries is a party to any action, suit or proceeding,
arbitration or investigation, which, individually or in the
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

(b) There is no injunction, order, judgment,
decree or regulatory restriction imposed upon the Company, any
of its subsidiaries or the assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries which, individually or when aggregated with all
other such injunctions, orders, judgments, decrees and
restrictions, would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.9     
Compliance
with Applicable Law.
 Except as disclosed in Section 3.9
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each of its
subsidiaries hold all material licenses, franchises, permits and
authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of their
respective businesses as presently conducted and are in
compliance with the terms thereof, except where the failure to
hold such license, franchise, permit or authorization or such
noncompliance would not, individually or when aggregated with
all other such failures or noncompliance, reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries knows of, or has received
notice of, any material violations of any applicable law,
statute, order, rule, regulation, policy and/or guideline of any
Governmental Entity relating to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, which, individually or in the aggregate, would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.10     
Company
Information.
 The information relating to the Company and its
subsidiaries to be provided by or on behalf of the Company for
inclusion in the Proxy Statement and the Option Offer Documents,
or in any other document filed with any other Governmental
Entity in connection herewith at the respective times filed with
the SEC or such other Governmental Entity and first published,
sent or given to stockholders of the Company and, in addition,
in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the date it or any
amendment or supplement is mailed to holders of the shares of
Company Common Stock, at the time of the Special Meeting and at
the Effective Time, will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which
they are made, not misleading (except that no representation is
made by the Company to such portions thereof that relate
expressly to Parent, Merger Sub or any of their subsidiaries or
to statements made therein based on information supplied by or
on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion therein). The
Proxy Statement and the Option Offer Documents required to be
filed with the SEC will comply as to form in all material
respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder.

SECTION 3.11     
Employee
Matters.

(a) The Company has delivered or made
available to Parent full and complete copies or descriptions of
each material employment, severance, bonus, change-in-control,
profit sharing, compensation, termination, stock option, stock
appreciation right, restricted stock, phantom stock, performance
unit, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, welfare or
other employee benefit agreement, trust fund or

A-9



other arrangement and any union, guild or
collective bargaining agreement maintained or contributed to or
required to be contributed to by the Company or any of its ERISA
Affiliates (as defined below), for the benefit or welfare of any
director, officer, employee or former employee of the Company or
any of its ERISA Affiliates (such plans and arrangements being
collectively the Company Benefit Plans). Each of the
Company Benefit Plans is in material compliance with all
applicable laws including the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), and the
Code except where such noncompliance would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Internal
Revenue Service has determined that each Company Benefit Plan
that is intended to be a qualified plan under
Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified as to form and
the Company is aware of no event occurring after the date of
such determination that would adversely affect such
determination. The liabilities accrued under each such plan are
reflected on the latest balance sheet of the Company included in
the Recent SEC Reports in accordance with GAAP applied on a
consistent basis. No condition exists that is reasonably likely
to subject the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any direct
or indirect liability under Title IV of ERISA or to a civil
penalty under Section 502(j) of ERISA or liability under
Section 4069 of ERISA or 4975, 4976, or 4980B of the Code
or other liability with respect to the Company Benefit Plans
that would have a Company Material Adverse Effect and that is
not reflected on such balance sheet or, except as set forth in
Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, that is
reasonably likely to result in any loss of a federal tax
deduction under Section 280G of the Code. There are no
pending or to the Companys knowledge, threatened, claims
(other than routine claims for benefits or immaterial claims)
by, on behalf of or against any of the Company Benefit Plans or
any trusts related thereto except where such claims would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any
person, any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that
together with such person would be deemed a single
employer within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of
the ERISA.

(b) Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to, or bound by, any collective
bargaining agreement or other contract or understanding with a
labor union or labor organization. Except for such matters that
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, there is no
(i) unfair labor practice, labor dispute or labor
arbitration proceeding pending, (ii) to the knowledge of
the Company, any activity or proceeding by a labor union or
representative thereof to organize any employees of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) lockout, strike,
slowdown, work stoppage or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threat thereof by or with respect to such employees.

SECTION 3.12     
Environmental
Matters.
 Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the
Companys Disclosure Schedule, there are no legal,
administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims, actions,
causes of action, required environmental remediation activities
or, to the knowledge of the Company, governmental investigations
of any nature seeking to impose, or that reasonably would be
expected to result in the imposition, on the Company or any of
its subsidiaries of any liability or obligations arising under
common law standards relating to environmental protection, human
health or safety, or under any local, state, federal, national
or supernational environmental statute, regulation or ordinance,
including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (collectively,
Environmental Laws), pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened, against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, which liability or obligation would have or would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, during or prior to the
period of (i) its or any of its subsidiaries
ownership or operation of any of their respective current
properties, (ii) its or any of its subsidiaries
participation in the management of any property, or
(iii) its or any of its subsidiaries holding of a
security interest or other interest in any property, there was
no release or threatened release of hazardous, toxic,
radioactive or dangerous materials or other materials regulated
under Environmental Laws in, on, under or affecting any such
property which would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is subject to any agreement, order, judgment,
decree, letter or memorandum by or with any court, governmental
authority, regulatory agency or third party imposing any
material liability or obligations

A-10



pursuant to or under any Environmental Law that
would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.13     
Takeover
Statutes.
 The Company has taken all actions necessary such
that no restrictive provision of any fair price,
moratorium, control share acquisition,
interested shareholder or other similar
anti-takeover statute or regulation (including, without
limitation, Section 203 of the DGCL) (each a Takeover
Statute) or restrictive provision of any applicable
anti-takeover provision in the governing documents of the
Company is, or at the Effective Time will be, applicable to the
Company, Parent, Merger Sub, the shares of Company Common Stock
(including shares of Company Common Stock acquired in the
Merger), the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by
this Agreement or the Stockholders Agreement.

SECTION 3.14     
Properties.

Except (a) as disclosed in the Recent SEC Documents or in
the notes to the latest audited financial statements included in
the SEC Documents and (b) for any of the following which
would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each of the
Company and its subsidiaries (i) has good and indefeasible
title to all the properties and assets reflected on the latest
audited balance sheet included in the SEC Documents as being
owned by the Company or one of its subsidiaries or acquired
after the date thereof which are, individually or in the
aggregate, material to the Companys business on a
consolidated basis (except properties sold or otherwise disposed
of since the date thereof in the ordinary course of business),
free and clear of (A) all Liens except (1) statutory
liens securing payments not yet due and (2) such
imperfections or irregularities of title or other Liens (other
than real property mortgages or deeds of trust) as do not
materially affect the use of the properties or assets subject
thereto or affected thereby or otherwise materially impair
business operations at such properties, and (B) all real
property mortgages and deeds of trust except such secured
indebtedness as is properly reflected in the latest audited
balance sheet included in the SEC Documents, and (ii) is
the lessee of all leasehold estates reflected in the latest
audited financial statements included in the SEC Documents or
acquired after the date thereof which are material to its
business on a consolidated basis and is in possession of the
properties purported to be leased thereunder, and each such
lease is valid without material default thereunder by the lessee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, the lessor.

SECTION 3.15     
Tax
Returns and Tax Payments.
 Except as disclosed in Section
3.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (a) the Company
and its subsidiaries have timely filed (or, as to subsidiaries,
the Company has filed on behalf of such subsidiaries) all
material Tax Returns (as defined below) required to be filed by
it, (b) the Company and its subsidiaries have paid (or, as
to subsidiaries, the Company has paid on behalf of such
subsidiaries) all Taxes (as defined below) shown to be due on
such Tax Returns or has provided (or, as to subsidiaries, the
Company has made provision on behalf of such subsidiaries)
reserves in its financial statements for any Taxes that have not
been paid, whether or not shown as being due on any Tax Returns,
(c) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
granted any request that remains in effect for waivers of the
time to assess any Taxes, (d) no claim for unpaid Taxes has
been asserted against the Company or any of its subsidiaries in
writing by a Tax authority which, if resolved in a manner
unfavorable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as the
case may be, would reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect,
(e) there are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets of the
Company or any subsidiary, except for Liens for Taxes not yet
due and payable or for Taxes that are being disputed in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which
adequate reserves have been taken, (f) no audit of any
material Tax Return of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
being conducted by a Tax authority, (g) none of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries has made an election under
Section 341(f) of the Code, and (h) neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability for Taxes
of any person (other than the Company and its subsidiaries)
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any
comparable provision of state, local or foreign law). As used
herein, Taxes shall mean all taxes of any kind,
including, without limitation, those on or measured by or
referred to as income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,
franchise, profits, license, value added, property or windfall
profits taxes, customs, duties or similar fees, assessments or
charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and
any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by
any governmental authority, domestic or

A-11



foreign. As used herein, Tax Return
shall mean any return, report or statement required to be filed
with any governmental authority with respect to Taxes. As used
herein, Code shall mean the Code and the Treasury
Regulations promulgated thereunder.

SECTION 3.16     
Intellectual
Property.
 Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the
Companys Disclosure Schedule, the Company or its
subsidiaries own, or are licensed or otherwise possess legally
enforceable rights to use all patents, trademarks, trade names,
service marks, copyrights and any applications therefor,
technology, know-how, trade secrets, computer software programs
or applications, domain names and tangible or intangible
proprietary information or materials that are used in the
respective businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as
currently conducted, except for any such failures to own, be
licensed or possess that, individually or in the aggregate, has
not had and is not reasonably likely in the future to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. All patents, registered
trademarks and service marks and registered copyrights held by
the Company or its subsidiaries are subsisting and in force
except where failure to be subsisting and in force would not
likely cause a Company Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.17     
Identified
Agreements.
 Other than the contracts or agreements of the
Company included as exhibits to the SEC Documents, and contracts
or agreements between the Company and its subsidiaries or
between subsidiaries of the Company, Section 3.17 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule lists each of the contracts and
agreements to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party as of the date hereof, which are (a) material
contracts or agreements between the Company and any of its
affiliates, (b) contracts or arrangements between the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any
executive officer or director of the Company or any of its
affiliates or associates (as defined in the Exchange Act), on
the other hand, or (c) stockholder, voting trust or similar
contracts or agreements relating to the voting of Company Common
Stock or other equity interests of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.

SECTION 3.18     
Insurance.

To the knowledge of the Company, all insurance policies of any
kind or nature owned by or issued to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, including, without limitation, policies for fire,
life, theft, product liability, public liability, property
damage, other casualty, workers compensation, employee
health and welfare, title, property and liability, with respect
to the Companys business or assets and properties are in
full force and effect and are of a nature and provide such
coverage as is customarily carried by companies engaged in
business similar to the Companys business.

SECTION 3.19     
Board
Recommendation.
 The Board of Directors of the Company, at a
meeting duly called and held, has (A) unanimously approved
this Agreement (including all terms and conditions set forth
herein) and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Merger, (B) determined that the Merger is advisable and
that the terms of the Merger are fair to, and in the best
interests of, the Companys stockholders, and
(C) subject to Section 5.2, resolved to recommend that
the Companys stockholders approve and adopt this Agreement
and the Merger.

SECTION 3.20     
Opinion
of Financial Advisor.
 The Financial Advisor has delivered to
the Companys Board of Directors its opinion (in writing or
to be confirmed in writing) to the effect that, as of the date
hereof and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions
set forth therein, $12.50 per Share in cash to be received by
the holders of the Shares pursuant to the Merger is fair to such
holders from a financial point of view.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF

PARENT AND MERGER SUB

Parent and Merger Sub jointly and severally
represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

SECTION 4.1     
Corporate
Organization.
 Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware and has the

A-12



requisite corporate power and authority to own or
lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted.

SECTION 4.2     
Authority.

Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution,
delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this
Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, have been duly authorized and approved by their Boards
of Directors and by Parent as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub
and no other corporate action on the part of Parent or Merger
Sub is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by
Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by
them of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub, and,
assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery
hereof by the Company, is a valid and binding obligation of each
of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of them in
accordance with its terms, except that such enforceability may
be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or
other similar laws affecting or relating to the enforcement of
creditors rights generally or (b) general principles
of equity.

SECTION 4.3     
Consents
and Approvals; No Violation.

(a) Except for (i) the filing with the
SEC of the preliminary proxy statement, the Proxy Statement and
any of the Offer Documents required to be so filed,
(ii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State pursuant to the DGCL, and (iii) filings,
permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be
required under, and other applicable requirements of, the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the HSR Act, no consents or
approvals of, or filings, declarations or registrations with,
any Governmental Entity are necessary for the consummation by
Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby,
other than such other consents, approvals, filings, declarations
or registrations that, if not obtained, made or given, would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent (a Parent
Material Adverse Effect).

(b) Neither the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub, nor the consummation by
Parent or Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby,
nor compliance by Parent or Merger Sub with any of the terms or
provisions hereof, will (i) conflict with or violate any
provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
of Parent or the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of
Merger Sub or (ii) assuming that the authorizations,
consents and approvals referred to in Section 4.3(a) are
obtained, (A) violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction
applicable to Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective
properties or assets, or (B) violate, conflict with, result
in the loss of any material benefit under, constitute a default
(or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a
right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the
performance required by, or result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the properties or assets of Parent or Merger Sub
under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease,
agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or
Merger Sub is a party, or by which they or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or affected,
except, in the case of clause (ii) above, for such
violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, losses, terminations
of rights thereof, accelerations or Lien creations which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 4.4     
Brokers
Fees.
 Neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor any of their
respective officers or directors on behalf of Parent or Merger
Sub has employed any financial advisor, broker or finder in a
manner that would result in any liability of the Company for any
brokers fees, commissions or finders fees in
connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby or
that would result in any reduction of the consideration payable
to the stockholders of the Company.

SECTION 4.5     
Merger
Subs Operation.
 Merger Sub was formed solely for the
purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby and
has not engaged in any business activities or conducted any
operations other than in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby. All of the issued and outstanding shares of
capital stock of Merger Sub have been validly issued, are fully
paid and

A-13



nonassessable and are owned as of the date
hereof, and will be owned, as of the Closing Date, either
directly or indirectly, by Parent, free and clear of any Liens.

SECTION 4.6     
Parent
or Merger Sub Information.
 The information relating to
Parent and its subsidiaries to be provided by or on behalf of
Parent to be contained in the Proxy Statement and the Offer
Documents, or in any other document filed with any other
Governmental Entity in connection herewith, at the respective
time filed with the SEC or such other Governmental Entity and,
in addition, in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the date it
or any amendment or supplement is mailed to holders of the
Shares, at the time of the Special Meeting and at the Effective
Time, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they
are made, not misleading.

SECTION 4.7     
Financing.

Parent and Merger Sub collectively have and will have at the
Effective Time sufficient funds to pay the Merger Consideration
in cash for all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
converted into cash pursuant to the Merger, to perform
Parents and Merger Subs obligations under this
Agreement and to pay all fees and expenses related to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement payable by them.

SECTION 4.8     
Stock
Ownership.
 As of the date hereof, neither Parent nor any of
its subsidiaries beneficially owns any shares of Company Common
Stock.

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

SECTION 5.1     
Conduct
of Businesses Prior to the Effective Time.
 Except as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, or as
required by applicable law, rule or regulation, during the
period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time,
unless Parent otherwise agrees in writing, the Company shall,
and shall cause its subsidiaries to, in all material respects,
conduct its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course
consistent with past practice and use all reasonable efforts to
maintain and preserve intact its business organization and the
good will of those having business relationships with it and
retain the services of its present officers and key employees.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and except as
set forth in Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, as expressly contemplated or permitted by this
Agreement, or as required by applicable law, rule or regulation,
during the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any
of its subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of
Parent in each instance:

(a) (i) issue, sell, grant, dispose of,
    pledge or otherwise encumber, or authorize or propose the
    issuance, sale, disposition or pledge or other encumbrance of
    (A) any additional shares of its capital stock or any
    securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable for, or
    evidencing the right to subscribe for any shares of its capital
    stock, or any rights, warrants, option, calls, commitments or
    any other agreements of any character to purchase or acquire any
    shares of its capital stock or any securities or rights
    convertible into, exchangeable for, or evidencing the right to
    subscribe for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries, or (B) any other securities in respect
    of, in lieu of, or in substitution for, any shares of capital
    stock or options of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    outstanding on the date hereof, other than the issuance of
    shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of
    Company Stock Options outstanding as of the date hereof;
    (ii) accelerate the vesting of any Company Stock Options;
    (iii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, or propose to
    redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, any of the outstanding
    shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries; or (iv) split, combine, subdivide or
    reclassify any shares of its capital stock or declare, set aside
    for payment or pay any dividend, or make any other actual,
    constructive or deemed distribution, in respect of any shares of
    its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to its
    stockholders in their capacity as such;

(b) engage in any borrowing or
    securitization transaction, or, other than in the ordinary
    course of business consistent with past practice, otherwise
    incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or

A-14



guarantee any such indebtedness or make any
    loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in,
    any other person other than the Company or its direct or
    indirect wholly owned subsidiaries;

(c) sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or
    otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets with a
    minimum value in excess of $10 million to any individual,
    corporation or other entity other than a direct or indirect
    wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, or cancel, release or
    assign to any such person any indebtedness in excess of
    $1 million or any claims related thereto, in each case that
    is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
    whole, except (i) in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice, or (ii) pursuant to
    contracts or agreements in force at the date of this Agreement;

(d) other than in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice, make any material
    acquisition or investment in a business either by purchase of
    stock or securities, merger or consolidation, contributions to
    capital, loans, advances, property transfers, or purchases of
    any property or assets of any other individual, corporation or
    other entity other than a direct or indirect wholly owned
    subsidiary of the Company;

(e) increase in any manner the compensation
    of any of its directors, officers or employees or enter into,
    establish, amend or terminate any Company Benefit Plans, for or
    in respect of, any stockholder, officer, director, other
    employee, agent, consultant or affiliate other than (i) as
    required pursuant to the terms of agreements in effect on the
    date of this Agreement, and (ii) increases in salaries,
    wages and benefits of employees who are not directors or
    executive officers of the Company made in the ordinary course of
    business and in a manner consistent with past practice;

(f) amend its charter, bylaws, or similar
    organizational documents;

(g) waive or fail to enforce any provision
    of any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which it is a
    party; or

(h) make any commitment to take any of the
    actions prohibited by this Section 5.1.

SECTION 5.2     
No
Solicitation.

(a) The Company shall immediately cease any
discussions or negotiations with any parties that may be ongoing
with respect to a Takeover Proposal (as hereinafter defined) and
shall seek to have returned to the Company any confidential
information that has been provided in any such discussions or
negotiations. From the date hereof, the Company shall not, nor
shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its officers, directors or employees
or any affiliate, investment banker, financial advisor,
attorney, accountant or other representative retained by it or
any of its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly,
(i) solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage (including by
way of furnishing information which has not been previously
publicly disseminated), or take any other action designed to
facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal which
constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any
Takeover Proposal or (ii) participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding any Takeover Proposal; 
provided,
however
, that if, following the receipt of a Superior
Proposal (as hereinafter defined) or a proposal which is
reasonably expected to lead to a Superior Proposal that in
either case was unsolicited and made after the date hereof in
circumstances not otherwise involving a breach of this
Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company determines in
good faith, after considering applicable provisions of state law
and after consultation with outside counsel, that a failure to
do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to the
Companys shareholders under applicable law, the Company
may, in response to such Takeover Proposal and subject to
compliance with Section 5.2(c), (A) request
information from the party making such Takeover Proposal for the
sole purpose of the Board of Directors of the Company informing
itself about the Takeover Proposal that has been made and the
party that made it, (B) furnish information with respect to
the Company to the party making such Takeover Proposal pursuant
to a customary confidentiality agreement, provided that
(1) such confidentiality agreement must include a provision
prohibiting solicitation of key employees of the Company or its
subsidiaries, for at least one year, and may not include any
provision calling for an exclusive right to negotiate with the
Company and

A-15



(2) the Company advises Parent of all such
nonpublic information delivered to such person concurrently with
its delivery to the requesting party, and (C) participate
in negotiations with such party regarding such Takeover
Proposal; 
provided further
, that the actions described in
clauses (A), (B) and (C) may be taken only on or
before May 9, 2003. It is agreed that any violation of the
restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by any
executive officer, director or investment banker, attorney or
other advisor or representative of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a breach of this
Section 5.2(a) by the Company.

(b) Except as expressly permitted in this
Section 5.2(b), neither the Board of Directors of the
Company nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or
modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner
adverse to Parent, the approval, determination of advisability,
or recommendation by such Board of Directors or such committee
of this Agreement, the Merger, and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) approve, determine to be
advisable, or recommend, or propose publicly to approve,
determine to be advisable, or recommend, any Takeover Proposal
or (iii) cause the Company to enter into any letter of
intent, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other
similar agreement (each, an Acquisition Agreement)
related to any Takeover Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the event that the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in good faith, in response to a Superior Proposal
that w as unsolicited and made after the date hereof in
circumstances not otherwise involving a breach of this
Agreement, after considering applicable provisions of state law
and after consultation with outside counsel, that the failure to
do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to the
Companys stockholders under applicable law, the Board of
Directors of the Company may (subject to compliance with this
and the following sentences and to compliance with
Sections 5.2(a) and 5.2(c)) (x) withdraw or modify its
approval, determination of advisability, or recommendation of
this Agreement, the Merger, and the other transactions
contemplated hereby or (y) approve, determine to be
advisable, or recommend a Superior Proposal, or (z) cause
the Company to enter into an Acquisition Agreement, provided,
however, that any actions described in clause (x), (y) or
(z) may be taken only at a time that is after the second
business day following Parents receipt of written notice
from the Company advising Parent that the Board of Directors of
the Company has received a Superior Proposal, specifying the
material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal,
identifying the person making such Superior Proposal and
providing notice of the determination of the Board of Directors
of the Company of what action referred to herein the Board of
Directors of the Company has determined to take, 
and further
provided
, that the action described in clause (z) may
be taken only upon compliance by the Company with Section
7.1(c)(ii) and Section 7.3.

(c) In addition to the obligations of the
Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
Section 5.2, the Company shall promptly advise Parent
orally and in writing of any request for confidential
information or of any Takeover Proposal, the material terms and
conditions of such request or the Takeover Proposal and the
identity of the person making such request or Takeover Proposal
and shall keep Parent promptly advised of all significant
developments which could reasonably be expected to culminate in
the Board of Directors of the Company withdrawing, modifying or
amending its recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger and
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or in
exercising any of its other rights under Section 5.2(a) or
(b).

(d) Nothing contained in this
Section 5.2 or Section 5.3 shall prohibit the Company
from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to the Companys
stockholders; 
provided, however,
 neither the Company nor
its Board of Directors nor any committee thereof shall, except
as in accordance with Section 5.2(b), withdraw or modify,
or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, its approval,
determination or recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby or approve,
determine to be advisable, or recommend, or propose publicly to
approve, determine to be advisable, or recommend, a Takeover
Proposal.

A-16



(e) For purposes of this Agreement:

(i) Takeover Proposal means any
    inquiry, proposal or offer from any person (other than Parent
    and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and representatives) relating
    to any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of 15% or more
    of the assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or 15%
    or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that if
    consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 15%
    or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, share
    exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
    dissolution or similar transaction involving the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by
    this Agreement.

(ii) Superior Proposal means a

bona fide 
written offer from any person (other than
    Parent and its subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives) for
    a direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of 50% or more of
    the assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or 50% or
    more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that if
    consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 50%
    or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, share
    exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
    dissolution or similar transaction involving the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries (other than the transactions contemplated by
    this Agreement) (A) which provides for consideration on a
    per share basis to the stockholders of the Company with a value
    (taking into account, among other things, the likelihood of such
    offer resulting in a consummated transaction) exceeding the
    Merger Consideration, (B) which, considering all relevant
    factors, is more favorable to the Company and its stockholders
    than the Merger, and (C) for which the third party has
    demonstrated that the financing for such offer is fully
    committed or is reasonably likely to be obtained, in each case
    as determined by the Board of Directors in its good faith
    judgment (based on the advice of independent financial advisors
    and outside counsel).

SECTION 5.3     
Publicity.

The initial press release with respect to the execution of this
Agreement shall be a joint press release reasonably acceptable
to Parent and the Company. Thereafter, so long as this Agreement
is in effect, none of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, nor any
of their respective affiliates shall issue or cause the
publication of any press release or other announcement with
respect to the Merger, this Agreement or the other transactions
contemplated hereby without the prior consultation of the other
parties, except as may be required by law or by any listing
agreement with a national securities exchange as determined in
the good faith judgment of the party wanting to make such
release.

SECTION 5.4     
Notification
of Certain Matters.
 The Company shall give prompt notice to
Parent if any of the following occur after the date of this
Agreement: (i) receipt of any notice or other communication
in writing from any person alleging that the consent or approval
of such third party is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) receipt
of any notice or other communication from any Governmental
Entity or the New York Stock Exchange (or any other securities
market) in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; or (iii) the occurrence of an event which would
or would be reasonably likely in the future to (A) have a
Company Material Adverse Effect or prevent or delay the
consummation of the Merger or (B) cause any condition to
the Merger to be unsatisfied; 
provided, however
, that the
delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.4 shall
not limit or otherwise affect the remedies of Parent and Merger
Sub available hereunder.

SECTION 5.5     
Access
to Information.

(a) Upon reasonable notice and subject to
applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, the
Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to,
afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel and
other representatives of the Parent, during normal business
hours during the period prior to the Effective Time, reasonable
access to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments and
records, and to its officers, employees, accountants, counsel
and other representatives and, during such period, the Company
shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, make available to
Parent (i) a copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement and other document filed or received by it during such
period

A-17



pursuant to the requirements of federal
securities laws and (ii) all other information concerning
its business, properties and personnel as such other party may
reasonably request.

(b) No investigation by any of the parties
or their respective representatives shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of any
other party set forth herein.

(c) The information provided pursuant to
Section 5.5(a) shall be used solely for the purpose of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and unless and until the
Merger is consummated, such information shall be kept
confidential by Parent and Merger Sub, except that the
information provided pursuant to Section 5.5(a) or portions
thereof may be disclosed to those of Parents and Merger
Subs or their affiliates directors, officers,
employees, agents and advisors (collectively, the
Representatives) who (i) need to know such
information for the purpose of the transactions contemplated
hereby, (ii) shall be advised by Parent or Merger Sub, as
the case may be, of this provision, (iii) agree to hold the
information provided pursuant to Section 5.5(a) as
confidential and (iv) agree with Parent and Merger Sub to
be bound by the provisions hereof. Parent and Merger Sub jointly
agree to be responsible for any breach of this section by any of
their Representatives. If this Agreement is terminated, Parent
shall, and shall cause Merger Sub and each of their
Representatives to, return or destroy (and certify destruction
of) all information provided pursuant to Section 5.5(a).

SECTION 5.6     
Further
Assurances.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company shall, and shall
cause its subsidiaries to, use all reasonable efforts
(i) to take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary,
proper or advisable to comply promptly with all legal
requirements which may be imposed on such party or its
subsidiaries with respect to the Merger and, subject to the
conditions set forth in Article VI hereof, to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the Merger, as promptly as practicable and
(ii) to obtain (and to cooperate with the other party to
obtain) any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any
exemption by, any Governmental Entity and any other third party
which is required to be obtained by the Company or Parent or any
of their respective subsidiaries in connection with the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
to comply with the terms and conditions of any such consent,
authorization, order or approval.

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company shall use all
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions,
and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate and make effective, as soon as
practicable after the date of this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, using all
reasonable efforts to lift or rescind any injunction or
restraining order or other order adversely affecting the ability
of the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and using all reasonable efforts to defend any litigation
seeking to enjoin, prevent or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or seeking material damages.

(c) Notwithstanding subsections (a) and
(b) of this section or any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall Parent or Merger
Sub be required to agree to (i) any prohibition of or
limitation on the ownership or operation by Parent, Merger Sub,
the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries or
affiliates of any portion of their respective businesses or
assets, (ii) divest, hold separate or otherwise dispose of
any portion of its or their respective businesses or assets,
(iii) any limitation on the ability of Parent, Merger Sub,
the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries, as the case
may be, to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of ownership
of, the Company Common Stock and any capital stock of any
subsidiary of the Company, or (iv) any other limitation on
Parents, Merger Subs, the Companys or any of
their respective subsidiaries ability to effectively
control their respective businesses or operations.

SECTION 5.7     
Indemnification.

(a) From and after the Effective Time,
Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to,
indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is now, or
has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement or who
becomes such prior to the Effective Time, an officer or director
of the Company or

A-18



any of its subsidiaries (the Indemnified
Parties) against (i) any and all losses, claims,
damages, costs, expenses, fines, liabilities or judgments or
amounts that are paid in settlement with the approval of the
indemnifying party (which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld) of or in connection with any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation based in whole or in part on or
arising in whole or in part out of the fact that such person is
or was a director or officer of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries whether pertaining to any action or omission
existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and
whether asserted or claimed prior to, or at or after, the
Effective Time (Indemnified Liabilities), and
(ii) all Indemnified Liabilities based in whole or in part
on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby; provided,
however, that, in the case of Merger Sub and the Surviving
Corporation such indemnification shall only be to the fullest
extent a corporation is permitted under the DGCL, as applicable,
to indemnify its own directors and officers, and in the case of
Parent, such indemnification shall not be limited by the DGCL
but such indemnification shall not be applicable to any claims
made against the Indemnified Parties (A) if a judgment or
other final adjudication established that their acts or
omissions were committed in bad faith or were the result of
active and deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause
of action so deliberated or (B) arising out of, based upon
or attributable to the gaining in fact of any financial profit
or other advantage to which they were not legally entitled.
Parent, Merger Sub, and the Surviving Corporation, as the case
may be, will pay all expenses of each Indemnified Party in
advance of the final disposition of any such action or
proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by law upon receipt
of any undertaking contemplated by Section 145(e) of the
DGCL. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any such
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation is brought
against any Indemnified Party (whether arising before or after
the Effective Time), (i) the Indemnified Parties may retain
counsel satisfactory to them and Parent and Merger Sub,
(ii) Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to, pay all reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the
Indemnified Parties promptly as statements therefor are
received, and (iii) Parent shall, and shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, use all reasonable efforts to assist
in the vigorous defense of any such matter, provided that none
of Parent, Merger Sub or the Surviving Corporation shall be
liable for any settlement of any claim effected without its
written consent, which consent, however, shall not be
unreasonably withheld. Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim
indemnification under this Section 5.7, upon learning of
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall
notify Parent, Merger Sub or the Surviving Corporation (but the
failure so to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it
from any liability which it may have under this Section 5.7
except to the extent such failure materially prejudices such
party), and shall deliver to Merger Sub and the Surviving
Corporation the undertaking contemplated by Section 145(e)
of the DGCL. The Indemnified Parties as a group may retain only
one law firm to represent them with respect to each such matter
unless there is, under applicable standards of professional
conduct, a conflict on any significant issue between the
positions of any two or more Indemnified Parties. In the event
any Indemnified Party brings any action against Parent or the
Surviving Corporation to enforce rights or to collect monies due
under this Section 5.7, the prevailing party in such action
shall be entitled to recover its costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees and costs.

(b) 
Successors.
 In the event Parent
or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with
or merges into any other person and shall not be the continuing
or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its
properties and assets to any person, then and in either such
case, proper provisions shall be made so that the continuing or
surviving entity or transferee, as appropriate, shall assume the
obligations set forth in this Section 5.7.

(c) 
Survival of Indemnification.
 To
the fullest extent not prohibited by law, from and after the
Effective Time, all rights to indemnification as of the date
hereof in favor of the directors, officers and fiduciaries of
the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to their
activities as such prior to the Effective Time, as provided in
their respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws or
comparable documents in effect on the date hereof, shall survive
the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect for a
period of not less than six years from the Effective Time,
provided that in the event any claim or claims are asserted or
made within such six-year period, all such rights to
indemnification in respect of such claim or claims shall
continue until the final disposition thereof.

A-19



(d) 
Current Insurance Coverage.

Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain the
Companys existing directors and officers
insurance policy, under which all premiums and other costs
associated therewith have been paid in full, for the balance of
its term.

SECTION 5.8     
Employee
Benefit Plans.
 For purposes of all employee benefit plans
(as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) and other employment
agreements, arrangements and policies of Parent under which an
employees benefits depends, in whole or in part, on length
of service, credit will be given to current employees of the
Company and its subsidiaries for service with the Company or any
of its subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time, provided that
such crediting of service does not result in duplication of
benefits. Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, honor in accordance with their terms all
employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of
ERISA) and the other Company Benefit Plans; provided, however,
that Parent or the Surviving Corporation may amend, modify or
terminate any individual Company Benefit Plan in accordance with
its terms and applicable law (including obtaining the consent of
the other parties to and beneficiaries of such Company Benefit
Plan to the extent required thereunder); provided, further,
that, for a period of two years from the Closing Date, no such
amendment, modification or termination shall result in
compensation and benefits to the employee, former employees,
directors or former directors of the Company and its
subsidiaries (the Company Employees) that are less
favorable, in the aggregate, than the compensation and benefits
that are provided to the Company Employees immediately prior to
the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
else in this Agreement to the contrary, the Surviving
Corporation and its subsidiaries shall not, after the Effective
Time, provide (i) retiree medical health insurance benefits
without the consent of Parent except as may be required by law,
or (ii) any form of equity-based compensation, including,
without limitation, options to purchase shares of capital stock
in the Surviving Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

SECTION 5.9     
Additional
Agreements.
 In case at any time after the Effective Time any
further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation
with full title to all properties, assets, rights, approvals,
immunities and franchises of any of the parties to the Merger,
the proper officers and directors of each party to this
Agreement and their respective subsidiaries shall take all such
necessary action as may be reasonably requested by, and at the
sole expense of, Parent.

SECTION 5.10     
Certain
Lending Transactions.
 Following the date of this Agreement,
and until the Section 5.10 Termination Date (as defined
below), Parent shall, or shall cause one or more of its
subsidiaries to, enter into such agreements with the Company, or
one or more of its subsidiaries, as are described in
Schedule I delivered by Parent to the Company concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, for the purpose of lending
funds to the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries in
connection with the transactions, and on the terms, described in
Schedule I, it being understood and agreed by Parent and
the Company that (a) any such agreement will be entered
into on or about the date specified for such purpose in
Schedule I and any transaction provided for therein will be
subject to the terms applicable to such transaction set forth in
Schedule I, and (b) all obligations of Parent under
this Section 5.10 shall terminate as of the
Section 5.10 Termination Date. For purposes of this
Agreement, the Section 5.10 Termination Date
shall mean the earliest to occur of (a) the first
anniversary of the date of this Agreement, (b) the date
Parent or Merger Sub provides the Company with notice of the
occurrence of any breach of any of the Companys
representations, warranties, obligations, agreements, or
covenants contained in this Agreement, which breach would
(assuming it cannot be cured or has not been cured within the
time specified in Section 7.1(d)(iii)) entitle Parent to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(iii),
provided that, if such breach is cured by the Company within the
time specified in Section 7.1(d)(iii), then, unless
Parents obligations pursuant to this Section 5.10
have been terminated as a result of any other provision of this
Section 5.10, such obligations under this Section 5.10
shall continue once the cure of such breach is effective,
(c) the date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Sections 7.1(c)(ii) or 7.1(d)(ii) hereof, or (d) the
date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.1(b)(i), 7.1(b)(ii), 7.1(c)(i), or 7.1(d)(i)
hereof, to the extent that such termination under this clause
(d) either (1) occurs following a Takeover Proposal,
which Takeover Proposal (together with

A-20



any modifications thereof) has not been withdrawn
by the date of the event giving rise to such termination, or
(2) relates to or results from a Takeover Proposal.

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

SECTION 6.1     
Conditions
to Each Partys Obligation To Effect the Merger.
 The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger shall
be subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date
of each of the following conditions:

(a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement
    shall have been duly approved and adopted by the requisite vote
    of the holders of Company Common Stock.

(b) Statutes and Injunctions. No statute,
    rule, regulation, judgment, order or injunction shall have been
    promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted or issued or be
    applicable to the Merger by any Governmental Entity which
    prohibits, restrains, or makes illegal the consummation of the
    Merger.

(c) Governmental Consents. All governmental
    consents, orders, approvals and waiting periods required for the
    consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
    contemplated hereby shall have been obtained and shall be in
    effect, or, with respect to waiting periods, shall have expired
    or been terminated, at the Effective Time.

SECTION 6.2     
Conditions
to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to Effect the
Merger.
 The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect
the Merger are subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the
Closing Date of the following conditions (which may be waived in
whole or in part by Parent):

(a) The representations and warranties of
    the Company set forth in this Agreement that are qualified by
    materiality shall be true and correct in all respects, and the
    representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this
    Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in
    all material respects, in each case, as of the date of this
    Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on or as of
    such date (or, in the case of representations and warranties
    that address matters only as of a particular date, as of such
    date), and Parent and Merger Sub shall have received a
    certificate to such effect signed on behalf of the Company by
    its chief executive officer and chief financial officer.

(b) The Company shall have performed or
    complied with, as applicable, all material obligations,
    agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be
    performed or complied with by it (including without limitation
    the Company not having entered into any definitive agreement or
    any agreement in principle with any person with respect to a
    Takeover Proposal or similar business combination with the
    Company in violation of Section 5.2), and Parent and Merger
    Sub shall have received a certificate to such effect signed on
    behalf of the Company by its chief executive officer and chief
    financial officer.

(c) No statute, rule, regulation, judgment,
    order or injunction shall have been promulgated, entered,
    enforced, enacted, issued or applicable to the Merger by any
    Governmental Entity which (1) prohibits, or imposes any
    material limitations on, Parents ownership or operation of
    any portion of its or its subsidiaries businesses or
    assets, or Parents, Merger Subs or the
    Companys ownership or operation of any portion of the
    Companys and its subsidiaries businesses and assets,
    or (2) imposes material limitations on the ability of
    Parent effectively to exercise full rights of ownership of the
    shares of the Surviving Corporation, and no action or proceeding
    by any Governmental Entity shall be pending which seeks any of
    the results described in clauses (1) and (2).

(d) The number of holders of Company Stock
    Options shall not be greater than 100, and the number of shares
    of Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding
    Company Stock Options shall not be greater than 250,000.

A-21



SECTION 6.3     
Conditions
to Obligations of the Company to Effect the Merger.
 The
obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions (which may be waived in whole or in part by the
Company):

(a) The representations and warranties of
    Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are
    qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all
    respects, and the representations and warranties of Parent and
    Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are not so qualified
    shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each
    case, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
    Date as though made on or as of such date (or, in the case of
    representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
    particular date, as of such date), and the Company shall have
    received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Parent
    by an officer of Parent.

(b) Parent and Merger Sub shall have
    performed or complied with, as applicable, all material
    obligations, agreements and covenants required by this Agreement
    to be performed or complied with by each of them, and the
    Company shall have received a certificate to such effect signed
    on behalf of Parent by an officer of Parent.

SECTION 6.4     
Frustration
of Closing Conditions.
 None of Parent, Merger Sub or the
Company may rely on the failure of any condition to its
obligation to consummate the Merger set forth in
Section 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3, as the case may be, to be
satisfied if such failure was caused by such partys
failure (subject, in the case of Parent and Merger Sub, to
Section 5.6(c)) to use its reasonable efforts to consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

ARTICLE VII

TERMINATION

SECTION 7.1     
Termination.

Anything herein or elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding,
this Agreement may be terminated and the Merger contemplated
herein may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time,
whether before or after stockholder approval thereof:

(a) By the mutual consent of the Parent and
    the Company.

(b) By either of the Company or Parent:

(i) if any Governmental Entity shall have
    issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action in
    each case permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
    prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
    such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become
    final and non-appealable (any such order, decree, ruling or
    other action, a Final Order); provided that the
    party seeking to terminate this Agreement shall have used all
    reasonable efforts (subject, in the case of Parent and Merger
    Sub, to Section 5.6(c)) to challenge such order, decree,
    ruling or other action;

(ii) if the Effective Time shall not have
    occurred on or before August 30, 2003, (the Outside
    Date), provided, that, a party may not terminate the
    Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(b)(ii) if its
    failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
    results in the failure of the Effective Time to occur by such
    time, provided, however, that the Outside Date shall be extended
    day-by-day for each day during which any party shall be subject
    to a nonfinal order, decree, ruling or action restraining,
    enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the
    Merger, provided further, however, that the Outside Date shall
    not be extended past October 15, 2003;

(c) By the Company:

(i) if the required approval of the
    stockholders of the Company shall not have been obtained by
    reason of the failure to obtain the required vote upon a vote
    held at a duly held meeting of stockholders or at any
    adjournment thereof;

A-22



(ii) if concurrently it enters into a
    definitive agreement providing for a Superior Proposal entered
    into in accordance with Section 5.2, provided that prior
    thereto or simultaneously therewith the Company has paid the
    Termination Fee to Parent in accordance with Section 7.3; or

(iii) if the representations and warranties
    of Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are
    qualified by materiality shall not be true and correct in any
    respect, or if the representations and warranties of Parent and
    Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are not so qualified
    shall not be true and correct in all material respects, in each
    case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date
    as if made on such date (or, in the case of representations and
    warranties that address matters only as of a particular date, as
    of such date), or either Parent or Merger Sub shall have
    breached or failed in any material respect to perform or comply
    with any material obligation, agreement or covenant required by
    this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it, which
    inaccuracy or breach cannot be cured or has not been cured
    within fifteen (15) business days after the Company gives
    written notice of such inaccuracy or breach to Parent.

(d) By Parent:

(i) if the required approval of the
    stockholders of the Company shall not have been obtained by
    reason of the failure to obtain the required vote upon a vote
    held at a duly held meeting of stockholders or at any
    adjournment thereof;

(ii) if the Board of Directors of the
    Company or any committee thereof shall have withdrawn or
    modified, or proposed publicly to withdraw or modify, in a
    manner adverse to Parent its approval or recommendation of this
    Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
    hereby, or failed to reconfirm its recommendation within three
    (3) business days after a written request to do so, or
    approved or recommended, or proposed publicly to approve or
    recommend, any Takeover Proposal, or the Board of Directors of
    the Company or any committee thereof shall have resolved to take
    any of the foregoing actions; or

(iii) if the representations and warranties
    of the Company set forth in this Agreement that are qualified by
    materiality shall not be true and correct in any respect, or if
    the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in
    this Agreement that are not so qualified shall not be true and
    correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of
    this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as if made on such
    date (or, in the case of representations and warranties that
    address matters only as of a particular date, as of such date),
    or the Company shall have breached or failed in any material
    respect to perform or comply with any material obligation,
    agreement or covenant required by this Agreement to be performed
    or complied with by it, which inaccuracy or breach cannot be
    cured or has not been cured within fifteen (15) business
    days after Parent gives written notice of such inaccuracy or
    breach to the Company.

SECTION 7.2     
Effect
of Termination.
 In the event of the termination of this
Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, written notice
thereof shall forthwith be given to the other party or parties
specifying the provision hereof pursuant to which such
termination is made, and this Agreement (other than
Sections 5.5(b), 5.5(c), 7.2, 7.3, 8.4, 8.6, 8.7, 8.8, 8.9
and, subject to the conditions set forth therein, 5.10 hereof)
shall forthwith become null and void, and there shall be no
liability on the part of the Parent or the Company, except as
provided in Section 7.3; provided, however, that nothing in
this Section shall relieve any party from liability for any
breach (occurring prior to any such termination) of any of the
representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements set forth
in this Agreement.

SECTION 7.3     
Termination
Fee; Expenses.
 Except as provided in this Section 7.3
and except for the filing fee under the HSR Act (which filing
fee shall be borne equally by Parent and the Company), all fees
and expenses incurred by the parties hereto shall be borne
solely by the party that has incurred such fees and expenses. In
the event that (i) a Takeover Proposal shall have been made
known to the Company or shall have been made directly to its
stockholders generally or any person shall have publicly
announced

A-23



an intention (whether or not conditional) to make
a Takeover Proposal and thereafter this Agreement is terminated
either (a) pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(ii), 7.1(c)(i),
or 7.1(d)(i) or (b) pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i), but
only if, in the case of this clause (b), the applicable Final
Order is based on the existence of such Takeover Proposal
(whether or not modified after it was first made), and such
Takeover Proposal (whether or not modified after it was first
made) is consummated within one (1) year of such
termination or (ii) this Agreement is terminated by Parent
pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(ii), or is terminated by the
Company pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(ii), then the Company
shall pay to Parent on the date of such termination, or in the
case of subclause (i) upon such consummation, a termination
fee equal to $35 million (the Termination Fee),
payable by wire transfer of same day funds. The Company
acknowledges that the agreements contained in this
Section 7.3 are an integral part of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these
agreements, Parent and Merger Sub would not enter into this
Agreement. In the event the Termination Fee becomes payable
pursuant to this Section 7.3, the Company shall also
promptly pay upon Parents request, all reasonably
documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Parent
and Merger Sub in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby (including the portion of the
filing fee under the HSR Act paid by Parent), which payments
shall be in addition to the Termination Fee, but which payments
shall not exceed $1 million in the aggregate. The fee
arrangement contemplated hereby shall be paid pursuant to this
Section 7.3 regardless of any alleged breach by Parent of
its obligations hereunder, provided, that no payment made by the
Company pursuant to this Section 7.3 shall operate or be
construed as a waiver by the Company of any breach of this
Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub or of any rights of the
Company in respect thereof. The Termination Fee, if paid, shall
be credited against any damages recovered by Parent or Merger
Sub from the Company arising from a breach of this Agreement by
the Company.

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 8.1     
Amendment
and Modification.
 Subject to applicable law, this Agreement
may be amended, modified and supplemented in any and all
respects, whether before or after any vote of the stockholders
of the Company contemplated hereby, by written agreement of the
parties hereto at any time prior to the Closing Date with
respect to any of the terms contained herein; provided, however,
that no amendment, modification or supplement of this Agreement
shall be made following the approval of this Agreement by the
stockholders unless, to the extent required, approved by the
stockholders.

SECTION 8.2     
Extension;
Waiver.
 At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties
may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained
in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this
Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso of
Section 8.1, waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the
part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid
only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to
assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of such rights.

SECTION 8.3     
Nonsurvival
of Representations and Warranties.
 None of the
representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any
schedule, instrument or other document delivered pursuant to
this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time.

SECTION 8.4     
Notices.

All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally,
telecopied (which is confirmed) or sent by an overnight courier

A-24



service, such as Federal Express, to the parties
at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party
as shall be specified by like notice):

(a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:

Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

1440 Kiewit Plaza

Omaha, Nebraska 68131

Attention: Warren E. Buffett

Telephone No.: (402) 346-1400

Telecopier No.: (402) 346-3375

with a copy to:

Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP

355 South Grand Avenue, Suite 3500

Los Angeles, California 90071-1560

Attention: Robert Denham, Esq.

Telephone No.: (213) 683-9100

Telecopier No.: (213) 687-3702

(b) if to the Company, to:

Clayton Homes, Inc.

623 Market Street

Knoxville, Tennessee 37902

Attention: Kevin T. Clayton

Telephone No.: (865) 380-3607

Telecopier No.: (865) 380-3742

with a copy to:

Hunton & Williams

951 East Byrd

Richmond, Virginia 23219

Attention: Allen Goolsby, Esq.

Telephone No.: (804) 788-8289

Telecopier No.: (804) 788-8219

SECTION 8.5     
Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all
of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when two or more counterparts have been
signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other
parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the
same counterpart.

SECTION 8.6     
Entire
Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.
 This Agreement
(including the Exhibits hereto and the documents and the
instruments referred to herein): (a) constitutes the entire
agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and (b) except as
provided in Section 5.7, is not intended to confer upon any
person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies
hereunder. Section 5.7 is intended for the benefit of, and
shall be enforceable by, the Indemnified Parties.

SECTION 8.7     
Severability.

If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other
authority to be invalid, void, unenforceable or against its
regulatory policy, the remainder of the terms, provisions,
covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired
or invalidated, so long as the economic and legal substance of
the transactions contemplated hereby, taken as a whole, are not
affected in a manner materially adverse to any party hereto.

A-25



SECTION 8.8     
Governing
Law.
 This Agreement shall be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving
effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof or of any
other jurisdiction.

SECTION 8.9     
Assignment.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties
hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the
prior written consent of the other parties, except that Merger
Sub may assign, in its sole discretion, any or all of its
rights, interests and obligations hereunder to Parent or to any
direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Subject to
the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon,
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and
their respective successors and assigns.

SECTION 8.10     
Headings;
Interpretation.
 The descriptive headings used herein are
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended
to be part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Include, includes, and
including shall be deemed to be followed by
without limitation whether or not they are in fact
followed by such words or words of like import.
Knowledge and known means the actual
knowledge after reasonable inquiry of the executive officers of
the Company or Parent, as the case may be.

SECTION 8.11     
Enforcement.

The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the
event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were
otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties
shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms
and provisions of this Agreement in any court of the State of
Delaware or of the United States located in the State of
Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
each party will not attempt to deny or defeat personal
jurisdiction or venue in any such court by motion or other
request for leave from any such court.

A-26



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company have caused this Agreement to be signed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date
first written above.

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

/s/ MARC D. HAMBURG

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title:

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

B MERGER SUB INC.

By: 

/s/ MARC D. HAMBURG

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title:   President

CLAYTON HOMES, INC.

By: 

/s/ KEVIN T. CLAYTON

Name: Kevin T. Clayton

Title:

President and Chief Executive Officer

A-27



EXHIBIT A

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

[Attached as Annex B to this Proxy
Statement]



EXHIBIT B

STOCK OPTION PURCHASE PRICE SCHEDULE

Class of Options

Number of Options

Price

Total

1.

Vested Options

390,909

5.28

2,063,999.52

11/12/98 Grant

7.22 strike

2.

Unvested Options

3,050

3.70263

11,293.02

11/10/93 Grant

7.22 strike

3.

Unvested Options

8,540

4.20870

35,942.30

11/9/94 Grant

7.22 strike

4.

Options

12,200

3.72318

45,422.80

7/1/94 Grant

7.53 strike

5.

Options

12,200

4.96

60,512.00

7/1/93 Grant

7.54 strike

6.

Options

170,283

4.77769

813,559.39

7/2/97 Grant

8.19 strike

7.

Options

5,953

4.23

25,181.19

12/8/93 Grant

8.27 strike

8.

Options

5,490

4.21

23,112.90

5/11/94 Grant

8.29 strike

9.

Options

87,700

5.36541

470,546.46

7/3/00 Grant

8.38 strike

10.

Options

139,568

3.82586

533,967.63

7/3/95 Grant

8.51 strike

11.

Options

566,675

4.14480

2,348,754.54

11/1/2000 Grant

9.31 strike

12.

Options

456,100

3.63089

1,656,048.93

10/27/99 Grant

9.38 strike

13.

Options

14,058

1.76681

24,837.81

11/1/96 Grant Date

10.32 strike

14.

Options

243,103

2.18

529,964.54

11/14/96 Grant Date

10.32 strike

15.

Options

778,750

4.20703

3,276,224.61

10/30/02 Grant

11.19 strike

16.

Options

31,250

3.66771

114,615.94

7/1/97 Grant

11.50 strike



Class of Options

Number of Options

Price

Total

17.

Options

68,300

4.15245

283,612.34

7/1/99 Grant

11.88 strike

18.

Options

738,055

2.10245

1,551,723.73

11/12/98 Grant

11.90 strike

19.

Options

382,501

0.83450

319,541.34

11/12/97 Grant

12.60 strike

20.

Options

22,649

2.86583

64,908.18

7/1/96 Grant

12.80 strike

21.

Options

923,050

3.30030

3,046,341.91

10/30/01 Grant

13.55 strike

22.

Options

295,334

2.28863

675,910.26

11/8/95 Grant

13.70 strike

23.

Options

280,000

1.64012

459,233.60

1/1/99 Grant

13.81 strike

24.

Option

134,500

4.03075

542,135.88

7/1/02 Grant

15.28 strike

25.

Options

90,500

3.49858

316,621.49

7/2/01 Grant

15.65 strike

26.

Options

67,750

3.03030

205,302.83

7/1/98 Grant

15.75 strike

TOTAL

5,928,468

19,499,315.14



ANNEX B

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

This STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT (this
Agreement), dated as of April 1, 2003, is made
and entered into among Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Parent), B Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger
Sub), and James L. Clayton, an individual, and the
Clayton Family Foundation, a Tennessee nonprofit corporation
(each of James L. Clayton and the Clayton Family Foundation
being referred to herein as a Stockholder and
collectively as the Stockholders);

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Stockholder
owns, beneficially and of record (beneficial owner,
beneficial ownership, beneficially, and
related terms, wherever used herein, within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act)) the number of shares of
common stock, par value $.10 per share (Company
Common Stock), of Clayton Homes, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), set forth opposite the
Stockholders name on Exhibit A hereto (the total
number of shares of Company Common Stock owned by the
Stockholder, and any other Company Common Stock that the
Stockholder acquires, whether by means of purchase, dividend,
distribution, option exercise, gift or otherwise, prior to the
termination of this Agreement, being collectively referred to as
the Stockholder Shares);

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, the Company, Parent, and Merger Sub
are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
Merger Agreement) of even date herewith, which (upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein)
provides for, among other things, the merger of Merger Sub with
and into the Company (the Merger); and

WHEREAS, as a condition to their willingness to
enter into the Merger Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub have
requested each Stockholder to agree, and in order to induce
Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement each
Stockholder has agreed, to enter into this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and the representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements
hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

ARTICLE I

STOCKHOLDERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each Stockholder hereby severally and not jointly
represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:

1.1     
Due
Organization and Authorization.
 Stockholder (other than
James L. Clayton) is a nonprofit corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Tennessee. Stockholder possesses the requisite
power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform this
Agreement, to appoint or cause to be appointed Merger Sub and
Parent (or any nominee thereof) as his or its Proxy (as defined
below), and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, the
appointment of Merger Sub and Parent (or any nominee thereof) as
Stockholders Proxy, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by
all requisite action of Stockholder. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of Stockholder and
constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of
Stockholder, enforceable against Stockholder in accordance with
its terms, except as enforceability (i) may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally or (ii) is
subject to general principles of equity. Stockholder consents to
each other Stockholders execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement. There is no beneficial owner of
any of the Stockholder Shares or

B-1



other beneficiary or holder of any other interest
in any of the Stockholder Shares whose consent is required for
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or for the
consummation by Stockholder of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

1.2     
No Conflicts;
Required Filings and Consents. 
(a) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Stockholder do not, and the
performance of this Agreement by Stockholder will not,
(i) conflict with or violate the organizational documents
of Stockholder (if Stockholder is an entity), (ii) conflict with
or violate any law applicable to Stockholder or by which
Stockholder or any of Stockholders assets is bound or
affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a
default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both
would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of
termination, acceleration, or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of a lien or encumbrance on any assets of Stockholder,
including, without limitation, the Stockholder Shares, pursuant
to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
lease, license, permit, franchise, or other instrument or
obligation to which Stockholder is a party or by which
Stockholder or any of Stockholders assets is bound or
affected.

(b) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Stockholder does not, and the performance of this
Agreement by Stockholder will not, require any consent,
approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or
notification to, any governmental or regulatory authority,
domestic or foreign, other than any necessary filing under the
Exchange Act or the HSR Act.

1.3     
Title to
Stockholder Shares. 
Stockholder is the sole record and
beneficial owner of the shares of Company Common Stock, and the
sole owner of the options to acquire shares of Company Common
Stock, in each case set forth opposite Stockholders name
on Exhibit A hereto, free and clear of any pledge, lien,
security interest, mortgage, claim, proxy, voting restriction or
other voting trust, agreement, understanding, or arrangement of
any kind, right of first refusal, right of first offer, or other
limitation on disposition, adverse claim of ownership, or other
encumbrance of any kind, other than (i) restrictions
imposed by securities laws or pursuant to this Agreement,
(ii) in the case of James L. Clayton, pledges of an
aggregate of 1,993,069 Stockholder Shares to financial
institutions (the identity of which has been disclosed to
Parent), all of which pledges James L. Clayton hereby
covenants to cause to be terminated in their entirety, and to be
of no further force and effect with respect to any of his
Stockholder Shares, within fifteen (15) days of the date of
this Agreement, or (iii) in the case of the options owned
by James L. Clayton to acquire shares of Company Common
Stock (the Stockholder Options), restrictions
imposed pursuant to the applicable stock option plans of the
Company under which the Stockholder Options were granted. As of
the date hereof, except as set forth on Exhibit A,
Stockholder does not own beneficially or of record any other
shares of Company Common Stock or option to acquire any other
shares of Company Common Stock.

1.4     
Information
for Offer Documents and Proxy Statement. 
None of the
information relating to Stockholder and his or its affiliates
provided by or on behalf of Stockholder or his or its affiliates
specifically for inclusion in the Proxy Statement or Option
Offer Documents will, at the respective times the Proxy
Statement and such Option Offer Documents are filed with the SEC
or are first published, sent or given to stockholders of the
Company, or, in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the time of
the special meeting of stockholders to consider the Merger,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

1.5     
Acknowledgment.

Stockholder, on behalf of himself and his affiliates (or itself
and its affiliates, as applicable), acknowledges and agrees that
neither he nor they (or neither it nor they, as applicable)
shall be paid or shall otherwise be entitled to any
brokers, finders, financial advisors, or other
similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement.

B-2



ARTICLE II

STOCKHOLDERS COVENANTS

Each Stockholder hereby severally and not jointly
covenants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:

2.1     
Voting of
Stockholder Shares. 
Stockholder hereby agrees that from the
date hereof until the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 3.2 (the Term), at any meeting of the
stockholders of the Company however called and in any action by
written consent of the stockholders of the Company, Stockholder
shall vote his or its Stockholder Shares (i) in favor of
the Merger and the Merger Agreement, (ii) against any
Takeover Proposal and against any proposal for action or
agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
of the Company under the Merger Agreement or which could
reasonably be expected to result in any of the Companys
obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled, any
change in the composition of the board of directors of the
Company (except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement), any
change in the present capitalization of the Company or any
amendment to the Companys corporate structure or business,
or any other action which could reasonably be expected to
impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially adversely
affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Merger Agreement or the likelihood of such transactions being
consummated and (iii) in favor of any other matter
necessary for consummation of the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement which is considered at any such meeting of
shareholders or in such consent, and in connection therewith to
execute any documents which are necessary or appropriate in
order to effectuate the foregoing, including documents enabling
Parent and Merger Sub or their nominee(s) to vote the
Stockholder Shares directly.

2.2     
Proxy.

Stockholder hereby revokes all prior proxies or powers of
attorney with respect to any of the Stockholder Shares. During
the Term, Stockholder hereby constitutes and appoints Parent and
Merger Sub, or any nominee designated by Parent and Merger Sub,
with full power of substitution and resubstitution at any time
during the Term, as his or its true and lawful attorney and
proxy (Proxy), for and in his name, place, and
stead, in the Proxys discretion to demand that the
Secretary of the Company call a special meeting of the
stockholders of the Company for the purpose of considering any
matter referred to in Section 2.1 and to vote each share of
Company Common Stock held by Stockholder as his or its Proxy in
respect of any such matter, at every annual, special, adjourned,
or postponed meeting of the stockholders of the Company,
including the right to sign his or its name as stockholder to
any consent, certificate, or other document relating to the
Company that the law of the State of Delaware might permit or
require. THE FOREGOING PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY ARE
IRREVOCABLE AND COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST THROUGHOUT THE TERM.
Stockholder will take such further action and execute such other
documents as may be necessary to effectuate the intent of this
Section 2.2.

2.3     
Restrictions
on Transfer, Proxies and Non-Interference. 
Stockholder
hereby agrees, during the Term and except as contemplated
hereby, not to (i) sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, assign
or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any contract, option or
other arrangement or understanding with respect to, the sale,
transfer, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition
of, any of the Stockholder Shares or Stockholder Options,
(ii) grant any proxies, deposit any Stockholder Shares into
a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement with respect to
any Stockholder Shares, or (iii) take any action that would
make any representation or warranty of Stockholder contained
herein untrue or incorrect in any material respect or have the
effect of preventing or disabling Stockholder from performing
Stockholders obligations under this Agreement.

2.4     
Disclosure.

Stockholder hereby authorizes Parent and Merger Sub to
publish and disclose in the Proxy Statement and Option Offer
Documents (including all documents and schedules filed with the
SEC), his or its identity, his or its ownership of Company
Common Stock, Stockholder Options and, if applicable, any other
securities issued by the Company, and the nature of his or its
commitments, arrangements, and understandings under this
Agreement.

2.5     
No
Solicitation. 
Stockholder covenants and agrees that, during
the Term, he or it shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit,
initiate, knowingly encourage, or take any other action designed
to facilitate

B-3



any inquiries or the making of any proposal from
any person (other than from Parent or Merger Sub or, in the case
of the Option Offer, from the Company) relating to (i) any
acquisition of any Stockholder Shares, any Company Common Stock
or any Stockholder Options or (ii) any transaction that
constitutes a Takeover Proposal. Stockholder further covenants
and agrees that, during the Term, he or it shall not participate
in any discussions or negotiations (except with Parent or Merger
Sub) regarding, or furnish to any person (other than Parent or
Merger Sub) any information with respect to, or otherwise
cooperate in any way with, or assist or participate in or
facilitate or encourage, any effort or attempt by any person
(other than Parent and Merger Sub) to make, any transaction that
may constitute a Takeover Proposal. Stockholder immediately
shall cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions
or negotiations of Stockholder and his or its agents or other
representatives with any person (other than Parent and Merger
Sub) with respect to any of the foregoing. Stockholder shall
notify Parent and Merger Sub promptly of any proposal or offer
made to Stockholder relating to a Takeover Proposal, or any
inquiry or contact with any person with respect thereto of which
he or it becomes aware and shall, in any such notice to Parent
and Merger Sub, indicate in reasonable detail the identity of
the person making such proposal, offer, inquiry, or contact and
the material terms and conditions of such proposal, offer,
inquiry, or contact. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in
this Agreement will prevent any director or officer of the
Company from taking any actions, in his or her capacity as such,
as are permitted by Section 5.2 of the Merger Agreement.

ARTICLE III

MISCELLANEOUS

3.1     
Definitions.

Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement, have the
meanings assigned to such terms in the Merger Agreement, as it
may be amended from time to time.

3.2     
Termination.

This Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and
effect (i) by the written mutual consent of the parties
hereto or (ii) automatically and without any required
action of the parties hereto upon the earliest to occur of
(A) the Effective Time, (B) the termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (C) the
amendment of the Merger Agreement without the written consent of
the Stockholders that (x) provides for a reduction in the
Merger Consideration below $12.50; (y) changes the form of
the Merger Consideration to other than cash or
(z) otherwise is material and adverse to the Stockholders,
and (D) December 31, 2003. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, except with respect to Permitted Transactions
applicable to a particular Stockholder (as defined on
Exhibit B hereto), the provisions of this Agreement shall
survive and continue in full force and effect with respect to
such Stockholder for a period (the Extended Term) of
twelve (12) months after the date of termination of the
Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i), 7.1(b)(ii),
7.1(c)(i), 7.1(c)(ii), 7.1(d)(i) or 7.1(d)(ii) thereof to the
extent that such termination (1) occurs following a
Takeover Proposal that is initially communicated to the Company
or publicly disseminated after May 9, 2003 (a Post
May 9 Proposal), which Takeover Proposal (together with
any modifications thereof) has not been withdrawn by the date of
the event giving rise to such termination, or (2) relates
to or results from a Post May 9 Proposal. The termination of
this Agreement shall not relieve any party hereto from any
liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to termination.

3.3     
Expenses.

All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the
party incurring such costs and expenses.

3.4     
Notices.

All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
(i) upon hand delivery, (ii) upon confirmation of
receipt of facsimile transmission, (iii) upon confirmed
delivery by a standard overnight courier, or (iv) after
five (5) business

B-4



days if sent by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the following
address or to such other address that a party hereto might later
specify by like notice:

(a)     If to Parent or
Merger Sub, to:

Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

1440 Kiewit Plaza

Omaha, NE 68131

Attention: Warren E. Buffett

Telecopy: (402) 346-3375

with copies to:

Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP

355 South Grand Avenue, 35th Floor

Los Angeles, California 90071-1560

Attention: Robert Denham

Telecopy: (213) 687-3702

(b)     If to James L.
Clayton, to:

James L. Clayton

3340 Lakeview Drive

Knoxville, Tennessee 37919

Telecopy: (865) 525-4991

with copies to:

Jeanne Campbell

5000 Clayton Road

Maryville, Tennessee 37804

Telecopy: (865) 380-3780

(c)     If to the
Clayton Family Foundation, to:

Jeanne Campbell

5000 Clayton Road

Maryville, Tennessee 37804

Telecopy: (865) 380-3780

with copies to:

James L. Clayton

3340 Lakeview Drive

Knoxville, Tennessee 37919

Telecopy: (865) 525-4991

3.5     
Severability.

In the event that any provision in this Agreement is held
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in a jurisdiction, such
provision shall be modified or deleted as to the jurisdiction
involved but only to the extent necessary to render the same
valid, legal, and enforceable. The validity, legality, and
enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in
any way be affected or impaired thereby nor shall the validity,
legality, or enforceability of such provision be affected
thereby in any other jurisdiction.

3.6     
Entire
Agreement.
 This Agreement, together with the Exhibits
hereto, constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the
parties, or any of them, with respect thereto.

3.7     
Assignment.

No party may assign or delegate this Agreement or any right,
interest, or obligation hereunder, provided that Parent or
Merger Sub, in its sole discretion, may assign or delegate its
rights and obligations hereunder to any direct or indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent without obtaining the consent
of any other party hereto; provided further that any such
assignment or delegation shall not relieve Parent or Merger Sub
from liability hereunder.

B-5



3.8     
No
Third-Party Beneficiaries.
 This Agreement shall be binding
upon, inure solely to the benefit of, and be enforceable by only
the parties hereto, their respective successors, and permitted
assigns, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to or shall confer upon any person, other than the
parties hereto, their respective successors, and permitted
assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities of
any nature whatsoever.

3.9     
Waiver of
Appraisal Rights.
 Each Stockholder hereby waives any rights
of appraisal or rights to dissent from the Merger.

3.10     
Further
Assurance.
 Each party hereto shall execute and deliver such
additional documents and take all such further action as may be
necessary or desirable to consummate and make effective, in the
most expeditious manner practicable, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

3.11     
Certain
Events.
 Each Stockholder agrees that this Agreement and the
obligations hereunder shall attach to his or its Stockholder
Shares and shall be binding upon any person or entity to which
legal or beneficial ownership of such Stockholder Shares shall
pass, whether by operation of law or otherwise. Notwithstanding
any transfer of Stockholder Shares, the transferor shall remain
liable for the performance of all obligations under this
Agreement.

3.12     
No
Waiver.
 The failure of any party hereto to exercise any
right, power, or remedy provided under this Agreement or
otherwise available at law or in equity, the failure of any
party hereto to insist upon compliance by any other party hereto
with its obligations hereunder, or the existence of any custom
or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof
shall not constitute a waiver by such party of its right to
exercise any such or other right, power, or remedy or to demand
such compliance.

3.13     
Specific
Performance.
 The parties hereto acknowledge that irreparable
damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, the
parties agree that an aggrieved party shall be entitled to
injunctive relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any
court having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other
right or remedy to which such party may be entitled under this
Agreement, at law, or in equity.

3.14     
Governing
Law.
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without
giving effect to provisions thereof relating to conflicts of law.

3.15     
Headings.

The descriptive headings in this Agreement were included for
convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

3.16     
Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

B-6



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have each
caused this Agreement to be executed in a manner sufficient to
bind them as of the date first written above.

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

/s/ MARC D. HAMBURG

Its:     Vice President
    and Chief Financial

                 Officer

B MERGER SUB INC.

By: 

/s/ MARC D. HAMBURG

Its:     President

STOCKHOLDERS

By: 

/s/ JAMES L. CLAYTON

James L. Clayton

CLAYTON FAMILY FOUNDATION

By: 

/s/ JAMES L. CLAYTON

Its:     President

B-7



EXHIBIT A

No. of Options to Acquire

No. of Shares of Company

Shares of Company Common

Name

Common Stock Owned

Stock Owned

James L. Clayton

28,488,451

312,302

Clayton Family Foundation

9,175,411



EXHIBIT B

Permitted Transactions

For purposes of this Agreement, a Permitted
Transaction shall mean:

(i) with respect to the Clayton Family
    Foundation, a sale of Stockholder Shares in the ordinary course,
    and not in connection with, related to or in a transaction
    designed to facilitate a Takeover Proposal,

(ii) with respect to James L. Clayton:

(1) a charitable gift of certain Stockholder
    Shares to the Clayton Family Foundation (which Stockholder
    Shares shall then be bound by this Agreement as Stockholder
    Shares of the Clayton Family Foundation);

(2) a bona fide gift of certain Stockholder
    Shares to a family member of James L. Clayton; or

(3) a pledge of certain Stockholder Shares
    to a financial institution in connection with a bona fide
    financing transaction which does not involve the grant of a
    proxy on any of the Stockholder Shares under any circumstances,

and, with respect to any Permitted Transaction
described under sections (i) or (ii) above, which
occurs during the Extended Term and which does not involve a
gift, pledge or sale which, after giving effect thereto and when
aggregated with all other gifts, pledges and sales of
Stockholder Shares made (or proposed to be made) during the Term
pursuant to Permitted Transactions effected (or to be effected)
by either Stockholder (and any other transactions which affect
the number of Stockholder Shares owned by either Stockholder),
would cause the number of Stockholder Shares then owned
beneficially and of record in the aggregate by the Stockholders,
free and clear of any pledge or other encumbrance, to equal less
than twenty percent (20%) of the then outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock.

In addition, in the event that a change to the
composition of the Companys board of directors is proposed
during the Extended Term, which proposal (i) is not
submitted in connection with, or designed to facilitate, a
Takeover Proposal, or submitted by or on behalf of any proponent
of a Takeover Proposal, and (ii) would not, if given effect
(and when combined with all other changes to the composition of
the Companys board of directors that may take place
following the date of this Agreement), result in more than three
(3) directors who do not currently serve on the
Companys board of directors being members of such board of
directors, any vote by a Stockholder in connection with such
proposal shall be deemed a Permitted Transaction.

In addition, in the event the Board of Directors
of the Company determines, on any one occasion during the
Extended Term, that the Company should issue additional shares
of Company Common Stock to satisfy a requirement for additional
capital, the vote by James L. Clayton in favor of such a
proposal to issue additional shares of Company Common Stock
shall be a Permitted Transaction, provided the
proposal (together with any related transactions) does not
result in the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock which
would total more than 20% of the outstanding stock of the
Company on a fully diluted basis and, provided further, that
such proposal is not submitted in connection with, related to or
designed to facilitate a Takeover Proposal, or by or on behalf
of any proponent of a Takeover Proposal.



ANNEX C

March 31, 2003

The Board of Directors

Clayton Homes, Inc.

5000 Clayton Road

Maryville, Tennessee 37804

Gentlemen:

We understand that Clayton Homes, Inc. (the
Company), Berkshire Hathaway, Inc.
(Berkshire), and B Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Berkshire (the Acquisition Sub),
propose to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger,
substantially in the form of the draft dated March 26, 2003
(the Merger Agreement). The Merger Agreement
provides, among other things, for the merger (the
Merger) of Acquisition Sub with and into the
Company. Pursuant to the Merger, the Company will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire and each outstanding share
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.10 per
share (the Company Common Stock), other than shares
held by the Company, any subsidiary of the Company, Berkshire,
the Acquisition Sub or any other wholly-owned subsidiary of
Berkshire (all of which will be canceled), will be converted
into the right to receive $12.50 in cash (the Merger
Consideration). The terms of the Merger are more fully set
forth in the Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not
otherwise defined herein will have the meanings ascribed to
those terms in the Merger Agreement.

You have asked for our opinion as to whether the
Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to
the holders of Company Common Stock.

For purposes of the opinion set forth herein, we
have:

(1) participated in discussions with various
    members of management and representatives of the Company
    concerning the Companys historical and current operations,
    financial condition and prospects and strategic objectives;

(2) reviewed certain publicly available
    business and financial information relating to the Company;

(3) reviewed historical financial and
    operating data that was furnished to us by the Company relating
    to its business;

(4) reviewed internal financial analyses,
    financial and operating forecasts, reports and other information
    prepared by officers and representatives of the Company relating
    to its business;

(5) reviewed certain publicly available
    information with respect to certain other companies in lines of
    business that we believe to be generally comparable to those of
    the Company and the trading markets for such other
    companies securities;

(6) reviewed the reported historical prices
    and historical trading activity for the Company Common Stock for
    the period from March 25, 2002 to March 25, 2003;

(7) compared the financial performance of
    the Company with that of certain other publicly-traded companies;

(8) reviewed the financial terms, to the
    extent publicly available, of certain other business
    combinations and other transactions that we deemed relevant;

(9) reviewed the draft Merger Agreement; and

(10) undertaken such other studies, analyses
    and investigations, and considered such other information, as we
    deemed relevant.

In our review and analysis and in arriving at our
opinion, we have assumed and relied upon the accuracy and
completeness of all of the financial and other information
reviewed by us for the purposes of this opinion. We have not
been engaged to, and we have not attempted to, independently
verify any of such information, and we have further relied upon
the assurances of the management of the Company that

C-1



they are not aware of any facts or circumstances
that would make such information inaccurate or misleading. We
have assumed that there have been no material changes in the
Companys assets, financial condition, results of
operation, business or prospects since the date of the last
financial statements made available to us.

With respect to internal financial statements,
financial and operational forecasts, and other financial and
operating data made available to us and used in our analysis, we
have assumed that such financial statements, financial and
operational forecasts and other financial and operating data
have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments of the management of
the Company as to the matters covered thereby. We have not been
engaged to assess the achievability of any projections or the
assumptions on which they were based, and we express no view as
to such projections or assumptions. In addition, we have not
conducted a physical inspection, valuation or appraisal of any
of the assets or liabilities of the Company nor have we been
furnished with any such valuation or appraisal. You have
informed us, and we have assumed, that the Merger will be
consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the draft
Merger Agreement and in compliance with the applicable
provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and all other applicable federal, state and
local statutes, rules, regulations and ordinances.

It should be noted that this opinion is based on
economic and market conditions and other circumstances existing
on, and information made available as of, the date hereof and
does not address any matters subsequent to such date. In
addition, our opinion is, in any event, limited to the fairness,
as of the date hereof, from a financial point of view, of the
Merger Consideration to the holders of Company Common Stock in
connection with the Merger and does not address the underlying
business decision to engage in the Merger, any other terms of
the Merger, the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any
other alternative business strategy that might exist for the
Company, or the effect of any other transaction in which the
Company might engage. We have also assumed that the conditions
to the Merger as set forth in the Merger Agreement will be
satisfied, without any waiver or modification thereof, and that
the Merger will be consummated on a timely basis in the manner
contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

We have acted as financial advisor to the Company
with respect to the Merger, and we will receive a fee from the
Company for our services. In the past, we have provided various
financial advisory and financing services for the Company, and
we received fees for the rendering of those services. In the
ordinary course of our business, we may actively trade in the
equity securities of the Company for our own account and the
accounts of our customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold
a significant long or short position in such securities.

Our opinion is rendered to the Board of Directors
of the Company in connection with its consideration of the
Merger and its recommendation of the Merger to the holders of
the Company Common Stock. Our opinion is not a recommendation as
to how stockholders of the Company should vote in connection
with the Merger. This letter may not be disclosed, quoted or
otherwise referred to, in whole or in part, in any registration
statement, prospectus, tender offer statement, proxy statement
or any other document, nor shall this opinion be used for any
other purpose, without our prior written consent in each
instance. In furnishing this opinion, we do not admit that we
are experts within the meaning of the term experts
as used in the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder, not do we admit that this opinion constitutes a
report or valuation within the meaning of Section 11 of the
Securities Act.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and based
upon such other matters as we consider relevant, it is our
opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Merger Consideration is
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Company
Common Stock.

Very truly yours,

MORGAN KEEGAN & COMPANY, INC.

C-2



ANNEX D

SECTION 262 OF

THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

 262.     Appraisal
rights.

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this
State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a
demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section with
respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares
through the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who
has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section
and who has neither voted in favor of the merger or
consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to
 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal
by the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the
stockholders shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section.
As used in this section, the word stockholder means
a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation and also a
member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words
stock and share mean and include what is
ordinarily meant by those words and also membership or
membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and
the words depository receipt mean a receipt or other
instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in
one or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a
corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for
the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent
corporation in a merger or consolidation to be effected pursuant
to  251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
 251(g) of this title),  252,
 254,  257,  258,
 263 or  264 of this title:

(1) Provided, however, that no appraisal
    rights under this section shall be available for the shares of
    any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository
    receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
    determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to
    vote at the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of
    merger or consolidation, were either (i) listed on a
    national securities exchange or designated as a national market
    system security on an interdealer quotation system by the
    National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or
    (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further
    provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any
    shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a
    merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote
    of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as provided in
    subsection (f) of  251 of this title.

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of
    this subsection, appraisal rights under this section shall be
    available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a
    constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by
    the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
     251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this
    title to accept for such stock anything except:

a. Shares of stock of the corporation
    surviving or resulting from such merger or consolidation, or
    depository receipts in respect thereof;

b. Shares of stock of any other corporation,
    or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock
    (or depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository
    receipts at the effective date of the merger or consolidation
    will be either listed on a national securities exchange or
    designated as a national market system security on an
    interdealer quotation system by the National Association of
    Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000
    holders;

c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or
    fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing
    subparagraphs a. and b. of this paragraph; or

d. Any combination of the shares of stock,
    depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or
    fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing
    subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

(3) In the event all of the stock of a
    subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under
     253 of this title is not owned by the parent
    corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights
    shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware
    corporation.

(c) Any corporation may provide in its
certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this
section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the
corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the corporation. If the
certificate of

D-1



incorporation contains such a provision, the
procedures of this section, including those set forth in
subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply
as nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as
follows:

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation
    for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to
    be submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, the
    corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
    shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record
    date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
    rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or
    (c) hereof that appraisal rights are available for any or
    all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall
    include in such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder
    electing to demand the appraisal of such stockholders
    shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of
    the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for
    appraisal of such stockholders shares. Such demand will be
    sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the
    identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends
    thereby to demand the appraisal of such stockholders
    shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation
    shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing to
    take such action must do so by a separate written demand as
    herein provided. Within 10 days after the effective date of
    such merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting
    corporation shall notify each stockholder of each constituent
    corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not
    voted in favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of
    the date that the merger or consolidation has become effective;
    or

(2) If the merger or consolidation was
    approved pursuant to  228 or  253 of this
    title, then either a constituent corporation before the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving
    or resulting corporation within 10 days thereafter shall
    notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of
    such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal
    rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that
    appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and
    shall include in such notice a copy of this section. Such notice
    may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger
    or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder
    entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the
    date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the
    surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such
    holders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
    reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
    stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand
    the appraisal of such holders shares. If such notice did
    not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation, either (i) each such constituent corporation
    shall send a second notice before the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that
    are entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting
    corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders
    on or within 10 days after such effective date; provided,
    however, that if such second notice is sent more than
    20 days following the sending of the first notice, such
    second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is
    entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of
    such holders shares in accordance with this subsection. An
    affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the
    transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give
    either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the
    absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
    therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled
    to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix,
    in advance, a record date that shall be not more than
    10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided,
    that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of
    the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such
    effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is
    given prior to the effective date, the record date shall be the
    close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the
    notice is given.

(e) Within 120 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting
corporation or any stockholder who has complied with
subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise
entitled to appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court
of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the stock
of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any
time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to
withdraw such stockholders demand for appraisal and to
accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation.
Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the
requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon
written request, shall be entitled to receive from the
corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of
shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation

D-2



and with respect to which demands for appraisal
have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares. Such written statement shall be mailed to the
stockholder within 10 days after such stockholders written
request for such a statement is received by the surviving or
resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of
the period for delivery of demands for appraisal under
subsection (d) hereof, whichever is later.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by
a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the
surviving or resulting corporation, which shall within
20 days after such service file in the office of the
Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly
verified list containing the names and addresses of all
stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with
whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the
petition shall be filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly
verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the
Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the
surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown
on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall
also be given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week
before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general
circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or
such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the
notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the
Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or
resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the
Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with
this section and who have become entitled to appraisal rights.
The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by
certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the
Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the
appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply
with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

(h) After determining the stockholders
entitled to an appraisal, the Court shall appraise the shares,
determining their fair value exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to
be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In
determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account
all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate of interest,
the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate
of interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would
have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the
proceeding. Upon application by the surviving or resulting
corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the
appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit
discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial
upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name
appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who
has submitted such stockholders certificates of stock to
the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate
fully in all proceedings until it is finally determined that
such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this
section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of
the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by
the surviving or resulting corporation to the stockholders
entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the
Court may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such
stockholder, in the case of holders of uncertificated stock
forthwith, and the case of holders of shares represented by
certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Courts decree
may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be
enforced, whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a
corporation of this State or of any state.

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be
determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court
deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon application of a
stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the
appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be
charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to
an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the
merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded
appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of this
section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or
to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the
stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to
stockholders of record at a date which is prior to the effective
date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if
no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such
stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting
corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholders
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance

D-3



of the merger or consolidation, either within
60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation as provided in subsection (e) of this section
or thereafter with the written approval of the corporation, then
the right of such stockholder to an appraisal shall cease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the
Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder
without the approval of the Court, and such approval may be
conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just.

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting
corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders
would have been converted had they assented to the merger or
consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

D-4



PROXY

CLAYTON HOMES, INC.

This Proxy is Solicited by the Board of
Directors of Clayton Homes, Inc. for the Special Meeting of
Stockholders
on                ,
2003.

The undersigned, hereby revoking any contrary
proxy previously given, hereby appoints James L. Clayton
and Kevin T. Clayton and each of them, attorneys and
proxies, with full power of substitution and revocation, to vote
all of the shares of the undersigned in Clayton Homes, Inc. (the
Company) entitled to vote at the special meeting of
stockholders of the Company
on                 ,
2003, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof, as
indicated on the reverse side. Except as otherwise indicated on
the reverse side, the undersigned authorizes the proxies
appointed hereby to vote all shares of stock of the Company
standing in the name of the undersigned stockholder.

THIS PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE
VOTED IN THE MANNER DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER. IF NO DIRECTION
IS MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR PROPOSAL 1 WITH THE
DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY DESCRIBED ABOVE.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE
FOR THE ADOPTION OF

THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

x

Please mark your vote as in this example.

1.

Proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of
    Merger, dated as of April 1, 2003, by and among Berkshire
    Hathaway Inc., B Merger Sub Inc. and Clayton Homes, Inc.,
    as the merger agreement may be amended from time to time.

o

FOR

o

AGAINST

o

ABSTAIN

The Board of Directors recommends a vote

FOR
 the proposal.

See Reverse Side

(Continued and to be signed on reverse
side)

See Reverse Side



MARK HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE AND NOTE TO
LEFT 
o

Please return your signed proxy at once in the
enclosed envelope, which requires no postage if mailed in the
United States, even though you expect to attend the meeting in
person.

The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of
the Notice of Special Meeting and Proxy Statement,
dated                ,
2003.

Please date and sign below. If a joint account,
    each owner should sign. When signing in a representative
    capacity, please give title. Please sign here exactly as name is
    printed hereon.

Date:

, 2003

-------------------------------------------

    Signature

-------------------------------------------

    Counter-Signature

GRAPHIC

g82131mg8213101.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 g82131mg8213101.gif
M1TE&.#EA10%8`*(``/___\S,S)F9F69F9C,S,P```````````"'Y!```````
M+`````!%`5@```/_"+K
9H$Z7@0V;/Y0-DJ>A(I:>K[`ZI*RT"Z8[9U6S"Y^U'P$$P<+#Q,7&Q\C"
M9
<@'@YT`-3AF%=)0)P?P>@HJ#/A_U>S
M8!TBO*$(H-^J7Q=A/1.!HAF=@!$DYGBD1)<'F8D>]/I04`Y>(RUHFA#ICZ)'&V9#\V#J2B$\H.:TX--#@N]6@W)=8566V4?#NF9XBP`
MK'T
[A#H(!0_@;%W*4
MLW,),XBL^1L98@-P=F5G*-@>MR$$HY8A&JD'K(3_=O8<)1>2LXX?D]8[+S+%
MW!@#U2"SNFZ5+V-I?&T`W.P6*9:A)%UN;^?5XQQ:!WV@O;*8L%G@DHQX>4-S
M%;^H,P-OF&[B2[*R\C-'*!&>>],Q&,EY
P\(YA<7N$U"%H%#
M(6B>/HC]ET5^!8S75W;JZ13%;PS*9=UUM=F&37L.OL?%>"`HF(5VLRG06F<4
MMOA68AA"-U]Y5'38P(=Y<3&;CQ%2@QR.-Y[$G8K1W59D5!UT5Z&(/QQ(I`-E
M0&DD#*II`1=/(5:'W8+2U:ADCCIN1J,?9SY5XFX2QB">%OR]5B8`D0E('E%D
MXF.E+&".^>"4I0"YY)6,S#D$A211*-1?J&5(&Q("=M>B?$U^J::C"TB*'Z9$
M4(IFE^N=*">HH0+2)Z1BX3EH#GC9UQ^%DK&69A.BVL.9B3P6-BL$N?8(J*ZF
M`H@IK$\*:RD,2#8!*T3_E#$$S&=[KG.IC<;^RBNG,8JIZJ>D#G(L$\3^-(%]
M*1Q$65M7D5N`.!'8)Z-LUGR6361"$3L><3*XAX5AVPU7&AUQJ-L):I3]!)-%
M`G=!#+2X&EH25+$EBX63&/%KL5(I7NR)5F2,1RP9!>ZJ+"=!4%P6P&G9.:#&
MB.`%;U5,5:+OA`EW$8@`ZHI;LPHKK0P5BIEVDA)7_=FWFLG?^H8'SCX*D`V+
MJ,1DVB4:736T0>+ZB^H(->0L+@17#W8692(P[0D!N_2J!F.,<1U0!0*5P#9`
M;4_+IQ!L`ZU`WGSWO=@O?L]="X4J)V3X5#(:KKC<$B_NN(O!/BZY8HU/GM!Y
M_XE;KOE6(F_^3GYZ>ZYYN!^5;OKIJ*>.#"4B<01'AP&K+OOLM-=N^^D>LJP[
MOU-\S(G,NP
_NV;*:\^R
M%]WC"[SWY%NL%=+ELSS%Q6C'F_[[7'V`\.WTUV^_,[[$?O_^_/=?.JNB"Z``
M!Q@"=82.@`A,H.*T43@%.O"![S#'O/QW.TBX#H("#)P&-\C!#K+-'$Y!7_H(
MT[J.7`5NYG&=!$)R`:#AS!C94.$**Z&_TM4+?GQH#`[I
;4
S
"N0`*(`-,*G/:$PD7P1X]D48Z5'_701/3^<2*G^:*8\
MCL`4;O)CF$*IRC4&RI37`N4KRT6B%%21!=MY%)-&64@2/.2`I6PE%W4I3%ER
MC@57O.,QT=5(3C)`BM?`A"HDD,L&64L!`G.*[W`HQV+VD@$BW(4VNGF?:5TA
M*(L\I$F\5"M;(=&-WK3EG^)Y2#HB
2ZYBG/,DK3BUZ\@BJ*$DTW`*YO
M#-00/5T#SWAFLIYL=.;>;C#_#W,P+X]`J48UGSG(+&SBH@M-HQI#"I%&:"::
MS:PE0\%)RV!ZL9,/%6D61H.6D';&>N]K9'U
FP
M*4E"ZLE^A%"9S!$8]YAI371L0JKO+!YO6"E,&7GPKX`-;-[L4<**$B-1,DQA
M!NQ!@1-*TK$J_,(EI_<3#%J6@(+-K&8#=]G.>O:SH`VM:$=+VM*:=FU!B%N[
MZ%*7/,RO9S*(@`M1(Q)G`/.TEWW$"31@@Y?8(#VQ]8%N;7#4&M%VGP"20_N&
M<]N!_U3($LW%K0;BYC1;^+58CW3F;PNXB]Y*M$`W]2F=&GBY%FP7MT6P1-0D
MNMOL8G=`(J!)7@+RWB,M]:K`V,L)C-*^@
D@
>-0*,E@Y3$/)[P9
N$$[*I&J&NZWO4"[<.%F0*;L
TCR-8>B\D
M+B4E@`PY7O$CNM(NC)#7;2;K5L]FW[@.:4Q#B7)'A"'!F(7!Z50<)>O$"QN>
M:,%C%>^@'?C-X2:NNM_L;L]LIL;Y]@.760NY0)`5G%*-V(\QH=XVZ[O!$.AX
M.F;!Z$!53\1`)NX+DTU4C#>YTUOF2?:E[XSED#/N"D\`.EI89S.:;[N^.HZ(
M%RPA#J:1@KBA0CI$"RS4[R8\BQ(V=75C+M-GC?S9O#H(@I_%-,]H^<9&;\6Z
MF-:^,XO9TET72A>H.*X5[];4+GI$PK7&
E<;`?HN(/:/KHC\S"'KPL.'W
M.1PJ%YBNW_8P
1Q9]/$`_+U4H@+8;5FSD;T1VG**TP<`5M)?CM\
M,]CBC`Z6=Z?@96P$*D8@*V_3>!1I3R>%`:;#I9A%/U!!W&:'_E#=#3=?XO`2
<98$`)K]8;$BHWW!^L'[?M=9^V4S(E\9N+@$`.S\_
`
end

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----