URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/773136/000095014403005874/0000950144-03-005874.txt

ESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ALHAMBRA PLAZA COLUMBUS CENTER
		STREET 2:		STE 750
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3055696993

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		COLUMBUS CENTER
		STREET 2:		ONE ALHAMBRA PLAZA STE 750
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTHCARE SERVICES OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19881120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RAMSAY HEALTH CARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

PREM14A

g82427prem14a.htm

RAMSAY YOUTH SERVICES INC.

Ramsay Youth Services Inc.



SCHEDULE 14A

(Rule 14a-101)

INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY
STATEMENT

SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of
the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment
No.   )

Filed by the
Registrant 
x

Filed by a Party other than the
Registrant 
o

Check the appropriate box:

x
  Preliminary
    Proxy Statement

o
  Confidential,
    for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

o
  Definitive
    Proxy Statement

o
  Definitive
    Additional Materials

o
  Soliciting
    Material under Rule 14a-12

RAMSAY YOUTH SERVICES, INC.

(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if
other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

o

No fee required.

x
  Fee
computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and
0-11.

     (1)

Title of each class of securities to which
    transaction applies:

     (2)

Aggregate number of securities to which
    transaction applies:

     (3)

Per unit price or other underlying value of
    transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11
    (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and
    state how it was determined):

     (4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

     (5)

Total fee paid:

o

Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:

o

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as
    provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing
    for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the
    previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or
    Schedule and the date of its filing.

     (1)

Amount Previously Paid:

     (2)

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

     (3)

Filing Party:

     (4)

Date Filed:



Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.

One Alhambra Plaza

Suite 750

Coral Gables, FL 33134

SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

[                                     ],

[                    ],

Dear Fellow Stockholders:

As you know, on April 8, 2003, we entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the merger
agreement) with Psychiatric Solutions, Inc. pursuant to
which we agreed to be acquired by Psychiatric Solutions in a
merger transaction. At our special meeting of stockholders to be
held on
[                    ],
2003 at
[               ] a.m.
Eastern Time, you will be asked to act on a proposal to adopt
the merger agreement so that the merger can occur. The meeting
will be held at the Hyatt Regency Coral Gables, 50 Alhambra
Plaza, Coral Gables, Florida 33134. This booklet includes the
notice of special meeting and proxy statement. Enclosed with
this booklet is a proxy card.

Upon completion of the merger, you will be
entitled to receive $5.00 in cash for each share of common stock
that you own. The receipt of cash in exchange for your shares of
common stock pursuant to the merger will constitute a taxable
transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

This proxy statement gives you detailed
information about the special meeting and the merger and
includes the merger agreement as Annex A. We encourage you to
read the proxy statement and the merger agreement carefully.

Our board of directors has, by a unanimous vote,
approved the merger agreement, declared the advisability of the
merger and determined that the merger agreement and the merger
are fair to and in the best interests of Ramsay Youth Services,
Inc. and our stockholders. In connection with its evaluation of
the merger, the board of directors considered a number of
factors, including the opinion of UBS Warburg LLC rendered on
April 8, 2003 to the board of directors to the effect that,
as of April 8, 2003 and subject to and based upon the
considerations set forth in its written opinion, the
consideration to be received by holders of shares of Ramsay
Youth Services common stock pursuant to the merger agreement is
fair from a financial point of view to such holders (other than
Paul J. Ramsay and his corporate affiliates). The UBS
Warburg opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger
and does not constitute a recommendation to any Ramsay Youth
Services stockholder as to how to vote at the special meeting.
The written opinion of UBS Warburg LLC is attached as
Annex D to the proxy statement, and you should read it in
its entirety.

Principal stockholders of Ramsay Youth Services
who, collectively, hold approximately 64% of the outstanding
shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock have entered into
agreements with Psychiatric Solutions to vote their shares for
adoption of the merger agreement, assuring that the merger
agreement will be adopted (subject to the right of our board of
directors to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to its good
faith exercise of its fiduciary duties to stockholders).

Our board of directors recommends that you vote
for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. The
failure of any stockholder to vote on the adoption of the merger
agreement will have the same effect as a vote against the
adoption of the merger agreement.

Whether or not you are able to attend in person,
please vote as soon as possible. Accordingly, please complete
and promptly mail the enclosed proxy card. Please review the
instructions on the proxy card regarding how to vote.



On behalf of the board of directors, thank you
for your continued support and interest in Ramsay Youth
Services, Inc.

/s/ PAUL J. RAMSAY

/s/ LUIS E. LAMELA

PAUL J. RAMSAY

LUIS E. LAMELA

Chairman Of The Board

President And Chief Executive
    Officer

The accompanying proxy statement is dated
[                    ],
2003, and is first being mailed to stockholders of Ramsay Youth
Services, Inc. on or about
[                    ],
2003.

THIS TRANSACTION AND THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY
STATEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
COMMISSION. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS PASSED UPON THE FAIRNESS OR
MERITS OF THIS TRANSACTION OR UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.



NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

PROXY STATEMENT FOR A SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE TRANSACTION

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

The Proposed Transaction

What You Will Be Entitled To Receive Upon Completion Of The Merger (see pages 26 through 27)

The Companies (see page 11)

The Special Meeting (see pages 11 through 13)

Recommendation Of Our Board Of Directors (see pages 15 through 17)

Principal Stockholders Voting Agreements (see page 17)

Opinion Of Financial Advisor (see pages 18 through 23)

Interests Of Directors And Executive Officers In The Merger (see pages 24 through 25)

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (see pages 23 through 24)

The Merger Agreement (see pages 26 through 35)

Termination Fees (see page 33)

Appraisal Rights (see pages 35 through 38)

THE COMPANIES

Ramsay Youth Services

Psychiatric Solutions

PSI Acquisition Sub

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time And Place Of The Special Meeting

Proposals To Be Considered At The Special Meeting

Record Date

Voting Rights; Vote Required For Adoption

Voting And Revocation Of Proxies

Solicitation Of Proxies

Questions And Additional Information

THE MERGER

Background

Reasons For The Merger

Principal Stockholders Voting Agreements

Opinion Of Financial Advisor

Financing Of The Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences Of The Merger To Our Stockholders

Interests Of Directors And Executive Officers In The Merger

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The Merger

Merger Consideration

Directors And Officers

Treatment Of Stock Options And Other Stock-Based Rights

Payment For The Shares

Representations And Warranties

Covenants; Conduct Of Business Pending The Merger

Efforts To Complete The Merger

Conditions To The Merger

No Solicitation Of Other Offers

Termination Of The Merger Agreement

Termination Fees

Employee Benefits

Amendment, Extension And Waiver

Amendment To Rights Agreement

INFORMATION ABOUT PSYCHIATRIC SOLUTIONS

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS

OTHER MATTERS

Additional Information

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A

ANNEX B

ANNEX C

ANNEX D

ANNEX E



NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held on
[                        ],

[                    ],

To the Stockholders of

Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.:

A special meeting of stockholders of Ramsay Youth
Services, Inc. will be held at the Hyatt Regency Coral Gables,
50 Alhambra Plaza, Coral Gables, Florida 33134 on
[                    ],
2003 at
[               ] a.m.,
Eastern Time, for the following purposes:

1. To vote on a proposal to adopt the
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 8, 2003,
    among Ramsay Youth Services, Inc., Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.
    and PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.

2. To transact such other business as may
    properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or
    postponement thereof.

Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.s annual meeting
of stockholders was previously scheduled to be held in May,
2003. However, in light of the signing of the merger agreement
with Psychiatric Solutions on April 8, 2003, Ramsay Youth
Services, Inc.s board of directors concluded that it was
prudent to postpone the annual meeting.

The board of directors has fixed the close of
business on
[                    ],
2003 as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to
notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any adjournment
or postponement thereof. A list of stockholders entitled to vote
at the special meeting will be available for inspection by any
stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting during the
meeting and during regular business hours beginning ten days
before the date of the meeting at the offices of Ramsay Youth
Services, Inc. at the address below.

You are cordially invited to attend the meeting
in person. Even if you plan to attend the meeting, please sign,
date and return the enclosed proxy card as soon as possible.

By Order of the Board of Directors

/s/ PAUL J. RAMSAY

Paul J. Ramsay

Chairman Of The Board

One Alhambra Plaza

Suite 750

Coral Gables, Florida 33134



Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.

One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750

Coral Gables, Florida 33134

PROXY STATEMENT

FOR A SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

[                        ],

This Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy
card are being mailed to stockholders beginning on or about
[                    ],
2003. They are furnished in connection with the solicitation by
the board of directors of Ramsay Youth Services, Inc. of proxies
from the holders of Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.s common
stock for use at the special meeting of stockholders to be held
at the time and place and for the purposes set forth in the
accompanying notice.

At the special meeting, stockholders will be
asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the merger agreement)
dated as of April 8, 2003, among Ramsay Youth Services,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, Psychiatric Solutions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Psychiatric
Solutions, Inc. Pursuant to that agreement, PSI Acquisition Sub
will merge with and into Ramsay Youth Services, with Ramsay
Youth Services becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Psychiatric
Solutions.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger
agreement, upon consummation of the merger each issued and
outstanding share of our common stock, other than shares held by
stockholders who validly exercise appraisal rights (as discussed
in this proxy statement), will automatically be canceled and
cease to exist and will be converted into the right to receive a
per share amount equal to $5.00 in cash, without interest. Upon
the consummation of the merger, stockholders of Ramsay Youth
Services will have no further interest in the surviving
corporation. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this
proxy statement as Annex A.

In connection with the proposed merger, appraisal
rights will be available to those holders of the common stock of
Ramsay Youth Services who do not vote in favor of adoption of
the merger agreement, who timely and properly demand appraisal
of their shares in writing and who otherwise comply with the
requirements of Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, a copy of which is included as Annex E to this
proxy statement. You should read the section entitled
Appraisal Rights in this proxy statement for a
discussion of the procedures to be followed in asserting
appraisal rights under Section 262 in connection with the
proposed merger and the full text of Section 262.

RAMSAY YOUTH SERVICES BOARD OF DIRECTORS,
AFTER CAREFUL CONSIDERATION, HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED AND
DECLARED ADVISABLE THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER, AND
DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS
OF, RAMSAY YOUTH SERVICES AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS, AND RECOMMENDS
THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR ADOPTION OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AT THE SPECIAL MEETING.

Our board of directors has fixed the close of
business on
[                    ],
2003 as the record date for the special meeting and only holders
of record of common stock on that date are entitled to vote at
the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof.
On the record date, there were outstanding and entitled to vote
9,304,159 shares of common stock.

Principal stockholders of Ramsay Youth Services
who, collectively, hold approximately 64% of the outstanding
shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock have entered into
agreements with Psychiatric Solutions to vote their shares for
adoption of the merger agreement, assuring that the merger
agreement will be adopted (subject to the right of our board of
directors to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to its good
faith exercise of its fiduciary duties to stockholders).

This proxy statement is dated
[                    ],
2003.





QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE TRANSACTION

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

The Proposed Transaction

What You Will Be Entitled To Receive Upon
    Completion Of The Merger

The Companies

The Special Meeting

Recommendation Of Our Board Of Directors

Principal Stockholders Voting Agreements

Opinion Of Financial Advisor

Interests Of Directors And Executive Officers In
    The Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

The Merger Agreement

Termination Fees

Appraisal Rights

THE COMPANIES

Ramsay Youth Services

Psychiatric Solutions

PSI Acquisition Sub

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time And Place Of The Special Meeting

Proposals To Be Considered At The Special Meeting

Record Date

Voting Rights; Vote Required For Adoption

Voting And Revocation Of Proxies

Solicitation Of Proxies

Questions And Additional Information

THE MERGER

Background

Reasons For The Merger

Principal Stockholders Voting Agreements

Opinion Of Financial Advisor

Financing Of The Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences Of
    The Merger To Our Stockholders

Interests Of Directors And Executive Officers In
    The Merger

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The Merger

Merger Consideration

Directors And Officers

Treatment Of Stock Options And Other Stock-Based
    Rights

Payment For The Shares

Representations And Warranties

Covenants; Conduct Of Business Pending The Merger

Efforts To Complete The Merger

i



Conditions To The Merger

No Solicitation Of Other Offers

Termination Of The Merger Agreement

Termination Fees

Employee Benefits

Amendment, Extension And Waiver

Amendment To Rights Agreement

INFORMATION ABOUT PSYCHIATRIC SOLUTIONS

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS

OTHER MATTERS

Additional Information

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A



Agreement and Plan of Merger

ANNEX B



Stockholder Voting Agreement in favor of
    Psychiatric Solutions by each of Paul J. Ramsay, Ramsay Holdings
    HSA Limited, Paul Ramsay Holdings Pty. Limited and Paul Ramsay
    Hospitals Pty. Limited

ANNEX C



Stockholder Voting Agreement in favor of
    Psychiatric Solutions by Luis E. Lamela

ANNEX D



Opinion of UBS Warburg LLC

ANNEX E



Section 262 of the General Corporation Law
    of the State of Delaware

ii



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
TRANSACTION

Q.

What transaction is being proposed?

A.

Ramsay Youth Services is proposing a merger that
    will result in Psychiatric Solutions acquiring ownership of all
    of the outstanding shares of common stock of Ramsay Youth
    Services in exchange for $5.00 per share in cash and the
    assumption of Ramsay Youth Services outstanding debt. The
    merger will be accomplished through the merger of PSI
    Acquisition Sub, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Psychiatric
    Solutions with and into Ramsay Youth Services, with Ramsay Youth
    Services as the surviving corporation.

Q.

Why should I vote to adopt the merger
    agreement?

A.

Our board of directors believes that the merger
    is fair to, and in the best interests of, Ramsay Youth Services
    and our stockholders and our board has declared the merger
    advisable. Please see The
    Merger  Background, The
    Merger  Reasons for the Merger and
    The Merger  Opinion of Financial
    Advisor in this proxy statement.

Q.

What will I be entitled to receive pursuant to
    the merger?

A.

After the merger is completed, you will be
    entitled to receive $5.00 in cash per share in exchange for each
    share of our common stock.

Q.

How will the merger impact overall stock
    ownership of Ramsay Youth Services?

A.

After the merger is completed, Psychiatric
    Solutions will own 100% of the outstanding shares of our common
    stock.

Q.

Are there significant conditions to the
    closing of the merger?

A.

Completion of the merger is dependent upon the
    satisfaction or waiver of several conditions. Please see
    The Merger Agreement  Conditions to the
    Merger in this proxy statement.

Q.

What vote of stockholders is required to adopt
    the merger agreement?

A.

Adoption of the merger agreement requires the
    affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of our
    common stock. Stockholders who collectively hold approximately
    64% of our outstanding shares of common stock have entered into
    agreements with Psychiatric Solutions to vote their shares for
    the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q.

What do I need to do now?

A.

Please mail your signed proxy card as soon as
    possible, but in any event no later than
    [                          ],
    2003. The special meeting will take place on
    [                          ],
    2003. Our board of directors unanimously recommends voting in
    favor of the adoption of the merger agreement at the special
    meeting.

Q.

Should I send in my stock certificates
    now?

A.

No. Promptly after the merger is completed,
    you will receive a letter of transmittal for use in surrendering
    your stock certificates and obtaining payment for your shares.

Q.

Do I have appraisal rights?

A.

Yes. If you so choose, you will be entitled to
    exercise appraisal rights upon completion of the merger so long
    as you take all steps required to perfect your rights under
    Delaware law. These steps are described under Appraisal
    Rights in this proxy statement.

Q.

When will the merger be completed?

A.

We are working toward completing the merger as
    quickly as possible. We currently anticipate completing the
    merger on or about July 1, 2003.



Q.

Whom do I call if I have questions about the
    merger?

A.

If you have any questions, require assistance, or
    need additional copies of this proxy statement or other related
    materials, please contact: Isabel M. Diaz, Executive Vice
    President of Corporate Relations, Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.,
    One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750, Coral Gables, Florida 33134,
    telephone: (305) 569-4626.



SUMMARY TERM SHEET

This summary term sheet highlights important
information in this proxy statement but does not contain all of
the information that is important to you. You should carefully
read this entire proxy statement and the other documents we
refer you to for a more complete understanding of the matters
being considered at the special meeting. In addition, we
incorporate by reference important business and financial
information about Psychiatric Solutions, Inc. into this proxy
statement. You may obtain the information incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement without charge by following
the instructions in the section entitled Information about
Psychiatric Solutions.

The Proposed Transaction

 

In the transaction, a wholly owned subsidiary of
    Psychiatric Solutions will merge with and into Ramsay Youth
    Services, with Ramsay Youth Services continuing as the surviving
    corporation.

 

Upon consummation of the merger, each issued and
    outstanding share of our common stock, other than shares held by
    stockholders who validly exercise appraisal rights (as discussed
    in this proxy statement), will automatically be canceled and
    cease to exist and will be converted into the right to receive a
    per share amount equal to $5.00 in cash, without interest.

 

As a result of the merger, we will cease to be an
    independent, publicly traded company and will become a wholly
    owned subsidiary of Psychiatric Solutions.

What You Will Be Entitled To Receive Upon
Completion Of The Merger (see pages 26 through
27)

Upon completion of the merger, you will be
entitled to receive $5.00 in cash, without interest, for each
share of our common stock that you own. After we complete the
merger, Psychiatric Solutions will be the sole stockholder of
Ramsay Youth Services. After the merger is completed, you will
have the right to receive the merger consideration, but you will
no longer have any rights as a stockholder of Ramsay Youth
Services. Stockholders of Ramsay Youth Services will receive the
merger consideration after exchanging their stock certificates
in accordance with the instructions contained in the letter of
transmittal to be mailed to you shortly after the completion of
the merger. If you own any outstanding options or warrants to
purchase Ramsay Youth Services common stock, upon completion of
the merger such options or warrants (whether vested or unvested)
will be converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal
to the excess, if any, of $5.00 per share of Ramsay Youth
Services common stock for which the options or warrants are
exercisable over the per share exercise price of the options or
warrants.

The Companies (see page 11)

Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.

Ramsay Youth Services, Inc. is a provider of
behavioral health care treatment programs and services focused
on at-risk and special-needs youth. Ramsay Youth Services offers
a full spectrum of treatment programs and services in
residential and non-residential settings. The programs and
services are offered through a network of company-owned or
leased facilities and company-managed state or government-owned
facilities. Ramsay Youth Services is headquartered in Coral
Gables, Florida and has operations in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Hawaii, Missouri, Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Texas, Utah and Puerto Rico. Ramsay Youth Services
also provides a limited range of adult behavioral healthcare
services at certain of its locations in response to community
demand. The executive offices of Ramsay Youth Services are
located at One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750, Coral Gables,
Florida 33134 and our telephone number is (305) 569-6993.

We refer to Ramsay Youth Services, Inc. as Ramsay
Youth Services throughout this document.



Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.

Psychiatric Solutions, Inc. is a provider of
behavioral health care services in the United States.
Psychiatric Solutions owns and operates 11 free-standing
psychiatric facilities and manages 49 psychiatric units for
third party acute care hospitals in 14 states. Psychiatric
Solutions also has a contract to provide mental health case
management services to approximately 4,300 children and adults
with serious mental illness in the Nashville, Tennessee area.
Psychiatric Solutions objective is to provide
high-quality, cost-effective psychiatric services in the
communities it serves. Through its managed and freestanding
psychiatric facilities, Psychiatric Solutions offers a
comprehensive array of behavioral health programs to critically
ill children, adolescents and adults. The executive offices of
Psychiatric Solutions are located at 113 Seaboard Lane,
Suite C-100, Franklin, Tennessee 37067 and its telephone
number is (615) 312-5700.

We refer to Psychiatric Solutions, Inc. as
Psychiatric Solutions throughout this document.

PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc.

PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc. is a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Psychiatric Solutions
formed solely for the purpose of effecting the merger with
Ramsay Youth Services and has not conducted any unrelated
activities since its organization. PSI Acquisition Subs
principal executive offices are located at 113 Seaboard
Lane, Suite C-100, Franklin, Tennessee 37067 and its
telephone number is (615) 312-5700.

We refer to PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc. as PSI
Acquisition Sub throughout this document.

The Special Meeting (see pages 11 through
13)

Date, Time
And Place Of The Special Meeting

The special meeting is scheduled to be held as
follows:

     Date:

[     ], 2003

     Time:

[          ],
    Eastern Time

     Place:

 Hyatt Regency Coral Gables

50 Alhambra Plaza

Coral Gables, Florida 33134

Ramsay Youth Services annual meeting of
stockholders was previously scheduled to be held in May 2003.
However, in light of the signing of the merger agreement with
Psychiatric Solutions on April 8, 2003, Ramsay Youth
Services board of directors concluded that it was prudent
to postpone the annual meeting.

Proposals To
Be Considered At The Special Meeting

The special meeting will be held for the
following purposes:

 

to vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and
    Plan of Merger, dated as of April 8, 2003, among Ramsay
    Youth Services, Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub, a
    wholly owned subsidiary of Psychiatric Solutions; and

 

other business as may properly come before the
    meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

A copy of the Agreement and Plan of Merger is
attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. As of the date of
this proxy statement, Ramsay Youth Services board of
directors is not aware of any other business to be presented for
consideration at the special meeting.

Record
Date

Our board of directors has fixed the close of
business on
[               ],
2003 as the record date for the special meeting and only holders
of record of common stock on the record date are entitled to
vote at the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement
thereof. On the record date, there were outstanding and entitled
to vote 9,304,159 shares of common stock.



Voting
Rights; Vote Required For Adoption

Each share of our common stock entitles its
holder to one vote on all matters properly coming before the
special meeting. The requirement for a quorum at the special
meeting is the presence in person or represented by proxy of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common
stock.

If you hold your shares in an account with a
broker or bank, you must instruct the broker or bank on how to
vote your shares. If an executed proxy card returned by a broker
or bank holding shares indicates that the broker or bank does
not have authority to vote on a particular proposal, the shares
will be considered present at the meeting for purposes of
determining the presence of a quorum, but will not be voted on
that particular proposal. This is called a broker
non-vote. Your broker or bank will vote your shares only
if you provide instructions on how to vote by following the
instructions provided to you by your broker or bank.

Under Delaware law and our certificate of
incorporation, the proposal to adopt the merger agreement must
be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Abstentions and
broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Voting And
Revocation Of Proxies

After carefully reading and considering the
information contained in this proxy statement, you should
complete, date and sign your proxy card and mail it in the
enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares
are represented at the special meeting. You can also vote in
person at the meeting, but we encourage you to submit your proxy
now in any event. Unless you specify to the contrary on your
proxy card, all of your shares represented by valid proxies will
be voted for the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement and in the discretion of the persons named therein
with respect to any other proposal that properly comes before
the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

Please do not send in your stock certificates
with your proxy card. If the merger is completed, a separate
letter of transmittal will be mailed to you which will enable
you to receive the merger consideration.

Until your proxy is exercised at the special
meeting, you can revoke your proxy and change your vote in any
of the following ways:

 

by delivering written notification to Ramsay
    Youth Services, Inc., One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750, Coral
    Gables, Florida 33134;

 

by delivering a proxy bearing a later date by
    mail in the manner described in this proxy statement;

 

by attending the special meeting and voting in
    person. Your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself,
    revoke your proxy. You must vote in person at the meeting; or

 

if you have instructed a broker or bank to vote
    your shares, by following the directions received from your
    broker or bank to change those instructions.

Questions And
Additional Information

For additional information regarding the
procedure for delivering your proxy see The Special
Meeting  Voting and Revocation of Proxies
and The Special Meeting  Solicitation of
Proxies.

If you have more questions about the merger or
how to submit your proxy, or if you need additional copies of
this proxy statement or the enclosed proxy card or voting
instructions, you should contact Isabel M. Diaz at Ramsay
Youth Services at the address below or by telephone at
(305) 569-4626: Ramsay Youth Services, Inc., One Alhambra
Plaza, Suite 750, Coral Gables, Florida 33134, telephone:
(305) 569-6993.



Recommendation Of Our Board Of Directors (see
pages 15 through 17)

After careful consideration, our board of
directors unanimously:

 

determined that the merger agreement, the merger
    and the transactions contemplated thereby are fair to, and in
    the best interests of Ramsay Youth Services and its stockholders;

 

approved the merger agreement and declared its
    advisability; and

 

recommended that our stockholders vote to adopt
    the merger agreement.

Our board of directors recommends that you vote
for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement at
the special meeting.

Principal Stockholders Voting Agreements
(see page 17)

Concurrently with the execution of the merger
agreement, Paul J. Ramsay, our Chairman of the Board,
certain stockholders of Ramsay Youth Services controlled by
Mr. Ramsay, and Luis E. Lamela, our President and Chief
Executive Officer, entered into voting agreements with
Psychiatric Solutions pursuant to which each such stockholder
agreed, among other things, to vote all of such
stockholders shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock
in favor of the approval of the merger and adoption of the
merger agreement. These shares represent approximately 64% of
the number of outstanding shares of Ramsay Youth Services common
stock, assuring approval of the merger and adoption of the
merger agreement (subject to the right of our board of directors
to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to its good faith
exercise of its fiduciary duties to stockholders). Copies of the
voting agreements are attached as Annex B and Annex C to this
proxy statement. The description above is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the voting agreements, and we urge you
to read them in their entirety.

Opinion Of Financial Advisor (see pages 18
through 23)

On April 8, 2003, UBS Warburg delivered its
opinion to Ramsay Youth Services board of directors to the
effect that, on April 8, 2003, and subject to and based
upon the considerations set forth in its written opinion, the
consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Ramsay
Youth Services common stock pursuant to the merger agreement is
fair from a financial point of view to such holders (other than
Mr. Ramsay and his corporate affiliates).

The full text of UBS Warburgs opinion,
dated April 8, 2003, which sets forth, among other things,
the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered
and limitations on the review undertaken by UBS Warburg, is
attached as Annex D to this proxy statement. UBS Warburg
provided its opinion for the information and assistance of
Ramsay Youth Services board of directors in connection
with its consideration of the merger. The UBS Warburg opinion
does not address any other aspect of the merger and does not
constitute a recommendation to any Ramsay Youth Services
stockholder as to how to vote at the special meeting. We urge
you to read the opinion in its entirety.

We refer to UBS Warburg LLC as UBS Warburg
throughout this document.

Interests Of Directors And Executive Officers
In The Merger (see pages 24 through 25)

In considering the recommendation of our board of
directors to vote for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
so that the merger can occur, you should be aware that some of
our executive officers and members of our board of directors
have interests in the merger that may be in addition to or
different from the interests of our stockholders generally. The
members of the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors were
aware of these interests and considered them at the time they
approved the merger agreement. These interests include the
following:

 

stock options and warrants held by our officers
    and directors (and, in the case of Mr. Ramsay, his
    corporate affiliates) will be treated in the same manner as
    options and warrants to purchase common stock held by everyone
    else. Upon the consummation of the merger, all options and
    warrants, whether



or not then exercisable, will be converted into a
    right to receive $5.00 per share of Ramsay Youth Services common
    stock represented by such option or warrant, less the applicable
    exercise price per share;

 

certain of our executive officers have employment
    agreements with Ramsay Youth Services which provide for special
    payments upon a change in control of Ramsay Youth Services. The
    amount of each payment is dependent in part on the
    individuals salary and position with Ramsay Youth
    Services. The payments are due upon the completion of the
    merger; and

 

Paul J. Ramsay, certain stockholders of Ramsay
    Youth Services controlled by Mr. Ramsay, and Luis E.
    Lamela have entered into voting agreements with Psychiatric
    Solutions pursuant to which each stockholder has agreed to vote
    all of such stockholders shares of Ramsay Youth Services
    common stock in favor of approval of the merger and adoption of
    the merger agreement. These shares represent approximately 64%
    of the number of outstanding shares of Ramsay Youth Services
    common stock, assuring approval of the merger and adoption of
    the merger agreement (subject to the right of our board of
    directors to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to its good
    faith exercise of its fiduciary duties to stockholders).

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
(see pages 23 through 24)

The receipt of $5.00 in cash for each share of
our common stock pursuant to the merger will be a taxable
transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For U.S.
federal income tax purposes, each of our stockholders generally
will recognize taxable gain or loss as a result of the merger
measured by the difference, if any, between $5.00 per share and
the adjusted tax basis in that share owned by the stockholder.
For additional information regarding material U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the merger to our stockholders, see
The Merger  Material U.S. Federal Income
Tax Consequences of the Merger to our Stockholders.

The Merger Agreement (see pages 26 through
35)

The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to
this proxy statement. We encourage you to read the merger
agreement because it is the principal document governing the
merger.

Conditions To
The Merger (see pages 29 through 31)

Conditions To Each Partys
Obligations.
 Each partys
obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

 

our stockholders must adopt the merger agreement
    by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
    outstanding shares of our common stock;

 

subject to certain provisions, no federal or
    state statute, rule or regulation shall have been enacted,
    promulgated, entered, or enforced that would have the effect of
    preventing the completion of the merger; and

 

subject to certain conditions, neither
    Psychiatric Solutions nor Ramsay Youth Services shall be subject
    to (1) any law, order, stay, decree, judgment or injunction
    of any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court,
    administrative or regulatory agency or commission or other
    governmental authority or agency which would have the effect of
    preventing or materially restricting the completion of the
    merger that has not been vacated, dismissed or withdrawn as of
    the effective time of the merger, or (2) any pending or
    threatened (in writing) litigation or proceeding by any federal,
    state, local or foreign government or any court, administrative
    or regulatory agency or commission or other governmental
    authority or agency which would have the effect of preventing
    the completion of the merger or which would impose material
    damages on Psychiatric Solutions or Ramsay Youth Services.



Conditions To Psychiatric Solutions And
PSI Acquisition Subs
Obligations.
 The obligations of
Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub to complete the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
following additional conditions:

 

our representations and warranties must be true
    and correct as of the closing date as though made on and as of
    the closing date, except where the failure to be so true and
    correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
    be expected to have a material adverse effect on Ramsay Youth
    Services or our ability to consummate the transaction;

 

we must have performed in all material respects
    all obligations that we are required to perform under the merger
    agreement on or prior to the closing date;

 

from and after April 8, 2003, there will not
    have occurred a material adverse change in Ramsay Youth
    Services, and no action, suit or proceeding shall have been
    instituted by any person for monetary damages before a court or
    any governmental entity arising out of the transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement and that would,
    individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
    a material adverse effect on Psychiatric Solutions;

 

no governmental entity shall have enacted,
    issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule,
    regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or other order
    which is in effect and which:

(1) 

prohibits or limits materially the ownership or
    operation by Psychiatric Solutions, PSI Acquisition Sub or any
    of their subsidiaries of all or any material portion of the
    business or assets of Ramsay Youth Services and its
    subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or compels Psychiatric
    Solutions, PSI Acquisition Sub, or any of their respective
    subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate all or any material
    portion of the business or assets of Ramsay Youth Services and
    its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(2) 

imposes material limitations on the ability of
    Psychiatric Solutions, PSI Acquisition Sub or any other
    subsidiary of Psychiatric Solutions to acquire or hold, or to
    exercise effectively full rights of ownership of, Ramsay Youth
    Services; or

(3) 

requires divestitures by Psychiatric Solutions,
    PSI Acquisition Sub or any other affiliate of Psychiatric
    Solutions of any material assets;

 

Psychiatric Solutions shall have received the
    resignations of all of the directors and officers of Ramsay
    Youth Services and each of its subsidiaries;

 

the voting agreements in favor of Psychiatric
    Solutions by Paul J. Ramsay, each of his corporate
    affiliates owning shares of our common stock and Luis E. Lamela
    must be in full force and effect;

 

stockholders must not have exercised appraisal
    rights with respect to more than 7.5% of the number of shares of
    Ramsay Youth Services common stock outstanding immediately prior
    to the effective time of the merger; and

 

Ramsay Youth Services shall have delivered to
    Psychiatric Solutions:

(1) 

waivers executed by the holders of options and
    warrants representing at least 90% of the Ramsay Youth Services
    common stock issuable pursuant to all outstanding options and
    warrants to purchase Ramsay Youth Services common stock which
    provide for an exercise price per share which is greater than or
    equal to $5.00 evidencing their agreement that such options and
    warrants to purchase Ramsay Youth Services common stock held by
    such holders will be canceled as of the effective time of the
    merger, and

(2) 

duly adopted resolutions of our board of
    directors or the appropriate committee of our board adjusting
    (A) the terms of all options to purchase Ramsay Youth
    Services common stock which provide for an exercise price per
    share of Ramsay Youth Services common stock which is greater
    than or equal to $5.00 to provide that, following the effective
    time of the merger, all such options to purchase Ramsay Youth
    Services common stock represent the right to receive no value and



(B) the terms of all options to purchase
    Ramsay Youth Services common stock which provide for an exercise
    price per share of Ramsay Youth Services common stock which is
    less than $5.00 to provide that, following the effective time of
    the merger, all such options to purchase Ramsay Youth Services
    common stock represent the right to receive only the difference
    between $5.00 and the applicable exercise price per share.

Conditions To Ramsay Youth Services
Obligation.
 Our obligation to complete
the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
following additional conditions:

 

Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition
    Subs representations and warranties must be true and
    correct in all material respects as of the closing date as
    though made on and as of the closing date, except where the
    failure to be so true and correct would not, individually or in
    the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on Psychiatric Solutions ability to consummate the
    merger; and

 

Psychiatric Solutions will have, and must have
    caused PSI Acquisition Sub to have, performed in all material
    respects all obligations that each of them is required to
    perform under the merger agreement on or prior to the closing
    date.

Termination Of The Merger Agreement (see
    pages 32 through 33)

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the effective time of the merger, whether before
or after stockholder approval has been obtained:

1. by mutual written consent of Psychiatric
    Solutions and Ramsay Youth Services;

2. by either Psychiatric Solutions or Ramsay
    Youth Services, if:

 

the merger agreement has not been adopted by the
    Ramsay Youth Services stockholders on or before
    September 3, 2003, provided that the party seeking
    termination is not in material breach of the merger agreement, or

 

any governmental entity shall have permanently
    enjoined, restrained or otherwise prohibited the consummation of
    the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement;

3. by Psychiatric Solutions, if:

 

subject to certain conditions and exceptions, we
    have materially breached any of our representations, warranties
    or covenants in the merger agreement and the breach is not or
    cannot be cured within 30 days after written notice of the
    breach is delivered,

 

our board of directors withdraws its approval or
    recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement or
    recommends to our stockholders any acquisition proposal by a
    third party, or

 

our stockholders do not adopt the merger
    agreement at the special meeting; or

4. by Ramsay Youth Services, if:

 

subject to certain conditions and exceptions,
    Psychiatric Solutions has materially breached any of its
    representations, warranties or covenants in the merger agreement
    and the breach is not or cannot be cured within 30 days after
    written notice of the breach is delivered,

 

Psychiatric Solutions has not obtained (and
    delivered to Ramsay Youth Services) on or before June 2,
    2003 a binding commitment letter from a nationally recognized
    financial institution to provide the financing necessary to pay
    the merger consideration described in this proxy statement to be
    paid to our stockholders and to holders of options and warrants,
    to repay our outstanding debt on the closing date of the merger,
    and to pay all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the
    merger,



 

prior to obtaining stockholder approval, we
    propose to accept a superior acquisition proposal from a third
    party, provided that no binding amendment to the merger
    agreement has been delivered to Ramsay Youth Services by
    Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub which the Ramsay
    Youth Services board of directors determines in good faith
    (after consultation with independent financial and legal
    advisors) provides greater aggregate value to the holders of
    Ramsay Youth Services common stock than the superior acquisition
    proposal from the third party, or

 

subject to certain conditions, Psychiatric
    Solutions has not consummated the financing necessary to
    complete the merger transaction on or before August 29,
    2003.

Termination Fees (see page 33)

We must pay to Psychiatric Solutions a
termination fee of $2.25 million if the merger agreement is
terminated under the following circumstances:

 

Psychiatric Solutions terminates pursuant to the
    provisions described in the second or third point under
    paragraph (3) above under Termination of the Merger
    Agreement;

 

we terminate pursuant to the provision described
    in the third point under paragraph (4) above under
    Termination of the Merger Agreement; or

 

Psychiatric Solutions terminates pursuant to the
    provisions described in the first point under paragraph (3)
    above under Termination of the Merger Agreement and
    within six months thereafter Ramsay Youth Services enters into
    an agreement with respect to a superior proposal to acquire
    Ramsay Youth Services from a third party with whom Ramsay Youth
    Services had previously signed a confidentiality agreement prior
    to the termination.

Psychiatric Solutions must pay to us a
termination fee of $2.25 million if the merger agreement is
terminated under the following circumstances:

 

we terminate pursuant to the provision described
    in the second or fourth point under paragraph (4) above
    under Termination of the Merger Agreement.

Appraisal Rights (see pages 35 through
38)

Stockholders who do not wish to accept the $5.00
per share cash consideration payable pursuant to the merger may
seek, under Delaware law, judicial appraisal of the fair value
of their shares by the Delaware Court of Chancery. This value
could be more or less than or the same as the merger
consideration of $5.00 in cash per share. This right of
appraisal is subject to a number of restrictions and technical
requirements. Generally, in order to exercise appraisal rights,
among other things:

 

you must not vote in favor of the proposal to
    adopt the merger agreement;

 

you must make a written demand on us for
    appraisal in compliance with Delaware law before the vote on the
    proposal to adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting;
    and

 

you must hold your shares of record continuously
    from the time of making a written demand for appraisal until the
    effective time of the merger.

Merely voting against the merger agreement will
not preserve your right of appraisal under Delaware law. Also,
because a submitted proxy not marked against or
abstain will be voted for the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement, the submission of a proxy not marked
against or abstain will result in the
waiver of appraisal rights. If you hold shares in the name of a
broker or other nominee, you must instruct your nominee to take
the steps necessary to enable you to assert appraisal rights. If
you or your nominee fails to follow all of the steps required by
the statute, you will lose your right of appraisal.

Annex E to this proxy statement contains the
relevant provisions of the Delaware statute relating to your
right of appraisal.



THE COMPANIES

Ramsay Youth Services

Ramsay Youth Services is a provider of behavioral
health care treatment programs and services focused on at-risk
and special-needs youth. Ramsay Youth Services offers a full
spectrum of treatment programs and services in residential and
non-residential settings. The programs and services are offered
through a network of company-owned or leased facilities and
company-managed state or government-owned facilities. Ramsay
Youth Services is headquartered in Coral Gables, Florida and has
operations in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Missouri,
Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Utah
and Puerto Rico. Ramsay Youth Services also provides a limited
range of adult behavioral healthcare services at certain of its
locations in response to community demand. The executive offices
of Ramsay Youth Services are located at One Alhambra Plaza,
Suite 750, Coral Gables, Florida 33134 and our telephone
number is (305) 569-6993.

Psychiatric Solutions

Psychiatric Solutions is a provider of behavioral
health care services in the United States. Psychiatric Solutions
owns and operates 11 free-standing psychiatric facilities
and manages 49 psychiatric units for third party acute care
hospitals in 14 states. Psychiatric Solutions also has a
contract to provide mental health case management services to
approximately 4,300 children and adults with serious mental
illness in the Nashville, Tennessee area. Psychiatric
Solutions objective is to provide high-quality,
cost-effective psychiatric services in the communities it
serves. Through its managed and freestanding psychiatric
facilities, Psychiatric Solutions offers a comprehensive array
of behavioral health programs to critically ill children,
adolescents and adults. The executive offices of Psychiatric
Solutions are located at 113 Seaboard Lane,
Suite C-100, Franklin, Tennessee 37067 and its telephone
number is (615) 312-5700.

PSI Acquisition Sub

PSI Acquisition Sub is a Delaware corporation and
wholly owned subsidiary of Psychiatric Solutions formed solely
for the purpose of effecting the merger with Ramsay Youth
Services and has not conducted any unrelated activities since
its organization. PSI Acquisition Subs principal executive
offices are located at 113 Seaboard Lane, Suite C-100,
Franklin, Tennessee 37067, and its telephone number is
(615) 312-5700.

THE SPECIAL MEETING

This proxy statement is furnished in connection
with the solicitation of proxies by our board of directors in
connection with a special meeting of our stockholders.

Date, Time And Place Of The Special
Meeting

The special meeting is scheduled to be held as
follows:

Date:

[          ],

Time:

[          ],
    Eastern Time

Place:

Hyatt Regency Coral Gables

    50 Alhambra Plaza

    Coral Gables, Florida 33134

Proposals To Be Considered At The Special
Meeting

The special meeting will be held for the
following purposes:

 

to vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and
    Plan of Merger, dated as of April 8, 2003, among Ramsay
    Youth Services, Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub, a
    wholly owned subsidiary of Psychiatric Solutions; and

 

other business as may properly come before the
    meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.



A copy of the merger agreement is attached as
Annex A to this proxy statement. As of the date of this proxy
statement, Ramsay Youth Services board of directors is not
aware of any other business to be presented for consideration at
the meeting.

Record Date

Our board of directors has fixed the close of
business on
[                    ],
2003 as the record date for the special meeting and only holders
of record of our common stock on the record date are entitled to
vote at the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement
thereof. On the record date, there were outstanding and entitled
to vote 9,304,159 shares of our common stock.

Voting Rights; Vote Required For
Adoption

Each share of our common stock entitles its
holder to one vote on all matters properly coming before the
special meeting. The requirement for a quorum at the special
meeting is the presence in person or represented by proxy of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common
stock.

If you hold your shares in an account with a
broker or bank, you must instruct the broker or bank on how to
vote your shares. If an executed proxy card returned by a broker
or bank holding shares indicates that the broker or bank does
not have authority to vote on a particular proposal, the shares
will be considered present at the meeting for purposes of
determining the presence of a quorum but will not be voted on
that particular proposal. This is called a broker non-vote. Your
broker or bank will vote your shares only if you provide
instructions on how to vote by following the instructions
provided to you by your broker or bank.

Under Delaware law and our certificate of
incorporation, the proposal to adopt the merger agreement must
be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Abstentions and
broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Voting And Revocation Of Proxies

Stockholders of record may submit proxies by mail
or in person. Stockholders who wish to submit a proxy by mail
should mark, date, sign and return the proxy card in the
envelope furnished. Stockholders who hold shares beneficially
through a nominee (such as a bank or broker) may be able to
submit a proxy by telephone or Internet if those services are
offered by the nominee. If you hold your shares through a
nominee, please review the proxy card provided by your nominee
to determine whether telephone and/or Internet voting are
available to you.

Proxies received at any time before the special
meeting, and not revoked or superseded before being voted, will
be voted at the special meeting. Where a specification is
indicated by the proxy, it will be voted in accordance with the
specification. Where no specification is indicated, the proxy
will be voted for adoption of the merger agreement
and in the discretion of the persons named in the proxy with
respect to any other business that may properly come before the
meeting or any adjournment of or postponement of the meeting.
Our board of directors is not currently aware of any business to
be brought before the special meeting other than that described
in this proxy statement.

Please do not send in your stock certificates
with your proxy card. If the merger is completed, a separate
letter of transmittal will be mailed to you which will enable
you to receive the merger consideration.

Until your proxy is exercised at the special
meeting, you can revoke your proxy and change your vote in any
of the following ways:

 

by delivering written notification to Ramsay
    Youth Services, Inc., One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750, Coral
    Gables, Florida 33134;

 

by delivering a proxy bearing a later date by
    mail in the manner described in this proxy statement;



 

by attending the special meeting and voting in
    person. Your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself,
    revoke your proxy. You must vote in person at the meeting; or

 

if you have instructed a broker or bank to vote
    your shares, by following the directions received from your
    broker or bank to change those instructions.

Solicitation Of Proxies

We will bear the expenses in connection with the
solicitation of proxies. Arrangements will also be made with
brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries
for the forwarding of solicitation material to the beneficial
owners of our common stock held of record by such persons, and
we may reimburse them for their reasonable transaction and
clerical expenses. Solicitation of proxies will be made
principally by mail. Proxies may also be solicited in person, or
by telephone, facsimile, telegram or other means of
communication, by our officers, our regular employees and
solicitors hired by us. These people (other than the solicitors
hired by us) will receive no additional compensation for these
services, but will be reimbursed for any transaction expenses
incurred by them in connection with these services. Presently,
we have no intention of hiring a professional proxy solicitor.

Questions And Additional Information

For additional information regarding the
procedure for delivering your proxy see The Special
Meeting  Voting and Revocation of Proxies and
The Special Meeting  Solicitation of
Proxies.

If you have more questions about the merger or
how to submit your proxy, or if you need additional copies of
this proxy statement or the enclosed proxy card or voting
instructions, you should contact Isabel M. Diaz at Ramsay
Youth Services at the address below or by telephone at
(305) 569-4626; Ramsay Youth Services, Inc., One Alhambra
Plaza, Suite 750, Coral Gables, Florida 33134, telephone:
(305) 569-6993.

THE MERGER

Background

The Ramsay Youth Services board of directors
together with its management team, as part of its ongoing
oversight and planning functions, has from time to time
considered various financial and other alternatives that might
be available to increase the value of Ramsay Youth Services to
its stockholders. In connection with these ongoing reviews,
several members of the Ramsay Youth Services management team met
with UBS Warburg in early 2001 to assess various possible
strategic alternatives available to Ramsay Youth Services to
increase shareholder value, including a sale or business
combination of Ramsay Youth Services or the continued operation
of Ramsay Youth Services as a stand alone entity under its then
current business plan.

At a meeting with several members of the Ramsay
Youth Services management team held on November 7, 2001,
UBS Warburg discussed its preliminary view of an appropriate
valuation of Ramsay Youth Services and its analysis of other
related matters, including the identification of third parties
who might be interested in acquiring Ramsay Youth Services.

On November 13, 2001, Ramsay Youth Services
engaged UBS Warburg as its exclusive financial and capital
markets advisor in connection with the potential sale of Ramsay
Youth Services.

Between November 29, 2001 and
February 5, 2003, UBS Warburg, in coordination with Ramsay
Youth Services senior management, contacted 16 prospective
purchasers, including Psychiatric Solutions, in an effort to
ascertain, on a preliminary basis, their level of interest in
acquiring Ramsay Youth Services. The companies contacted were
chosen based on a variety of factors, including perceived
interest in the business in which Ramsay Youth Services
operates, familiarity with Ramsay Youth Services industry
and their financial ability to consummate an acquisition of
Ramsay Youth Services. Those entities expressing an interest in
pursuing a possible transaction were asked to sign agreements to
protect the confidential nature of the material prepared by the
Ramsay Youth Services management team. Twelve prospective
purchasers signed confidenti-



ality agreements and received confidential
information memorandums. Eight of those 12 prospective
purchasers met with senior management of Ramsay Youth Services.
Subsequently, two preliminary indications of interest were
received from the initial group of 12, one of which was from
Psychiatric Solutions.

On March 7, 2002, Psychiatric Solutions
submitted a preliminary indication of interest to acquire Ramsay
Youth Services for $4.50 per outstanding share of common stock.
The proposal was not specific with respect to structure.

At this time, Ramsay Youth Services instructed
its outside legal counsel, Torys LLP, to prepare a draft merger
agreement for review by prospective purchasers.

Between March 2002 and August 2002, Ramsay Youth
Services senior management provided Psychiatric Solutions with
access to the initial due diligence materials related to Ramsay
Youth Services business. In addition, during this time
period, members of Ramsay Youth Services senior management
team accompanied members of Psychiatric Solutions senior
management team on site visits of Ramsay Youth Services
facilities.

From March 2002 to August 2002, the Ramsay Youth
Services senior management from time to time informally updated
the members of the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors as
to the discussions with Psychiatric Solutions. During that same
time period, the management of Psychiatric Solutions informed
the Psychiatric Solutions board of directors about the
discussions with Ramsay Youth Services.

On August 14, 2002, after performing
additional due diligence, Psychiatric Solutions submitted a
revised indication of interest for $5.00 per share, payable 60%
in cash and 40% in shares of Psychiatric Solutions stock. On
August 15, 2002, at the direction of Ramsay Youth Services
management, UBS Warburg asked Psychiatric Solutions to
reconsider its proposal with respect to both price and
structure. On August 21, 2002, Psychiatric Solutions
replied that after consultation with its board of directors, it
would not revise its previously submitted proposal. At this
point, Ramsay Youth Services and Psychiatric Solutions agreed to
discontinue negotiations.

On December 9, 2002, another prospective
purchaser submitted a preliminary indication of interest for
between $4.00 and $4.50 per share in cash. Subsequently, at the
direction of Ramsay Youth Services management, UBS Warburg asked
this prospective purchaser to reconsider its proposal with
respect to price. On January 20, 2003, the prospective
purchaser submitted a revised indication of interest for $5.00
per share in cash. During the remainder of January 2003 and
February 2003, the Ramsay Youth Services senior management team
met with this prospective purchaser as well as another
prospective purchaser and provided each of them with access to
due diligence materials related to Ramsay Youth Services
business. In the middle of March 2003, this prospective
purchaser informed us that it was not able to confirm a $5.00
per share price within the timeframe set by Ramsay Youth
Services and withdrew from the sale process.

On February 5, 2003, Psychiatric Solutions
indicated that they would like to reengage in the sale process
with Ramsay Youth Services and on February 14, 2003,
Psychiatric Solutions submitted a revised indication of interest
for $5.00 per share in cash. From February 24, 2003 through
April 4, 2003, Psychiatric Solutions and its advisors
conducted further business, financial and legal due diligence on
Ramsay Youth Services business.

In March 2003, Psychiatric Solutions stated that
they would require Paul J. Ramsay, his affiliated companies
and Luis E. Lamela to enter into voting agreements whereby
they would agree to vote all of their shares of Ramsay Youth
Services common stock in favor of approval of the merger and
adoption of the merger agreement. Mr. Ramsay and
Mr. Lamela indicated their willingness to enter into such
agreements as part of a transaction with Psychiatric Solutions.

During March 2003, the parties and their
respective financial and legal advisors negotiated on numerous
occasions various aspects of the proposed merger and the
proposed terms of the merger agreement, including the nature and
extent of termination fees and the conditions for consummation
of the merger. Also during this period members of the Ramsay
Youth Services and Psychiatric Solutions board of directors were
updated from time to time as to the progress of the negotiations.



On April 4, 2003, the Ramsay Youth Services
board of directors met to review the proposed sale, the merger
agreement and related matters. At the board meeting,
Mr. Lamela, representatives of UBS Warburg, and
Thomas M. Haythe, a board member and Ramsay Youth
Services general counsel, addressed the board about the
marketing process and the background of the proposed merger. In
addition, representatives of UBS Warburg presented a preliminary
valuation analysis with respect to Ramsay Youth Services. The
Ramsay Youth Services board of directors authorized management
to continue negotiations with Psychiatric Solutions and the
legal advisors to Ramsay Youth Services and Psychiatric
Solutions continued to negotiate the terms and conditions of the
merger agreement and related documents.

On April 7, 2003, Psychiatric Solutions
board of directors held a meeting with its legal advisors,
financial advisors and management, and discussed the terms and
conditions of the merger as set forth in a draft of the merger
agreement. At that meeting, the Psychiatric Solutions board of
directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
merger.

On April 8, 2003, the Ramsay Youth Services
board of directors met with its legal advisors, financial
advisors and management and discussed the final terms of the
proposed merger as set forth in the merger agreement and related
agreements. At our board meeting, Mr. Ramsay,
Mr. Lamela, representatives of UBS Warburg, and
Mr. Haythe reviewed with the Ramsay Youth Services board of
directors its legal duties and addressed the board of directors
about the business, financial and legal implications,
respectively, of a merger between Ramsay Youth Services and
Psychiatric Solutions and reviewed the terms of the proposed
merger agreement and related agreements. During that meeting,
representatives of UBS Warburg informed the board that in the
opinion of UBS Warburg, based upon and subject to the matters
set forth in its written opinion, on April 8, 2003, the
consideration to be received by holders of shares of Ramsay
Youth Services common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was
fair from a financial point of view to each such holder (other
than Mr. Ramsay and his corporate affiliates). After
discussion, our board of directors unanimously voted to approve
the merger agreement, declared the advisability of the merger
and determined that the merger agreement and the merger are fair
to and in the best interests of Ramsay Youth Services and our
stockholders. Our board unanimously resolved to recommend that
our stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement at a special
meeting to be held for that purpose. Our board of directors also
approved an amendment to our stockholder rights plan in order to
exempt the merger from the provisions of the rights plan and
approved a resolution exempting the merger from the
anti-takeover restrictions set forth in Delaware law.

On April 8, 2003, following the meeting of
the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors, the parties
finalized and executed and delivered the merger agreement, and
Mr. Ramsay and Mr. Lamela finalized and executed and
delivered the voting agreements.

Prior to the commencement of trading on the
Nasdaq Stock Market, at 8:00 a.m. (EST) on
April 9, 2003, Ramsay Youth Services and Psychiatric
Solutions issued a joint press release announcing the execution
of the merger agreement.

Notices were sent to the licensure and
certificate of need agencies (if applicable) in each state where
Ramsay Youth Services has a hospital notifying them of the
proposed transaction. The Certificate of Need Section of the
Michigan Department of Community Health requested that a Letter
of Intent for Nonsubstantive/Expedited Reviews be submitted. The
requested form was submitted on April 9, 2003. It is
anticipated that the Michigan Department of Community Health
will approve the proposed transaction, but Ramsay Youth Services
cannot be sure when or if such approval will be granted or if
any further filings will be required by this agency. It is not
anticipated that a formal filing will be required with any other
state agency in order to consummate the proposed transaction.

Reasons For The Merger

In reaching its decision to approve the merger
agreement, to declare the advisability of the merger and to
recommend that our stockholders adopt the merger agreement, the
Ramsay Youth Services board of directors



consulted with our management and our legal and
financial advisors. The Ramsay Youth Services board of directors
also considered a number of factors, including, without
limitation, the following:

1. the recent and historical market prices
    of Ramsay Youth Services common stock relative to the merger
    consideration, including (a) the fact that Ramsay Youth
    Services common stock had only traded over $5.00 per share five
    days in the last two years, (b) the fact that the $5.00 per
    share merger consideration represented an approximate 23%
    premium over the closing price of Ramsay Youth Services common
    stock one month before our board of directors approval of
    the merger agreement and an approximate 38.9% premium over the
    closing price of Ramsay Youth Services common stock one week
    before our board of directors approval of the merger
    agreement and (c) prices for comparable
    $50-$100 million mergers in the health care and
    correctional facility industries;

2. the fact that the merger consideration is
    all cash, which provides certainty of value to holders of Ramsay
    Youth Services common stock compared to a transaction in which
    stockholders would receive stock or other non-cash consideration;

3. the view of our management that the
    trading value for shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock
    was not likely to exceed the merger price in the foreseeable
    future if Ramsay Youth Services remained independent;

4. the potential value to our stockholders
    that could be expected to be generated from the other strategic
    options available to Ramsay Youth Services, including
    (a) remaining independent and continuing to implement our
    strategic plan or (b) pursuing other strategic
    alternatives, as well as the risks and uncertainties associated
    with those alternatives;

5. the financial presentations of UBS
    Warburg to our board of directors on April 4, 2003 and
    April 8, 2003 and the opinion of UBS Warburg rendered on
    April 8, 2003 to the Ramsay Youth Services board of
    directors to the effect that, based upon and subject to the
    matters set forth in its written opinion, on April 8, 2003,
    the consideration to be received by holders of shares of Ramsay
    Youth Services common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was
    fair from a financial point of view to those holders (other than
    Mr. Ramsay and his corporate affiliates);

6. discussions with Ramsay Youth
    Services management and UBS Warburg regarding the
    potential transaction with Psychiatric Solutions and the
    business, financial condition, competitive position, business
    strategy, strategic options and prospects of Ramsay Youth
    Services (as well as the risks involved in achieving these
    prospects), the nature of the health care and youth services
    industries in which Ramsay Youth Services competes, and current
    industry, economic and market conditions, both on an historical
    and on a prospective basis;

7. the terms of the merger agreement, as
    reviewed by the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors with
    Ramsay Youth Services general counsel, including:

 

the restrictions on Ramsay Youth Services
    taking of certain actions between signing and closing without
    the consent of Psychiatric Solutions;

 

the conditions to closing of the merger; and

 

Ramsay Youth Services ability to furnish
    information to and conduct negotiations with a third party,
    terminate the merger agreement, and enter into an agreement
    relating to a superior proposal under certain circumstances, as
    more fully described under The Merger
    Agreement  No Solicitation of Other Offers;

8. the likelihood that the merger would be
    consummated, including the experience, reputation and financial
    condition of Psychiatric Solutions, and the fact that
    Psychiatric Solutions is required to pay to Ramsay Youth
    Services a termination fee of $2.25 million if we terminate
    the merger agreement as a result of the failure by Psychiatric
    Solutions to obtain (and deliver to Ramsay Youth Services) on or
    before June 2, 2003 a binding commitment letter from a
    recognized financial institution to provide the



financing necessary to complete the merger
    transaction or as a result of the failure by Psychiatric
    Solutions to consummate such financing on or before
    August 29, 2003;

9. that Ramsay Youth Services will no longer
    exist as an independent company and its stockholders will no
    longer participate in the growth of Ramsay Youth Services or the
    pursuit of its stand-alone business plan;

10. the fact that gains from an all-cash
    transaction would be taxable to Ramsay Youth Services
    stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

11. the fact that Paul J. Ramsay and
    corporations controlled by Mr. Ramsay, and Luis E. Lamela, have
    entered into voting agreements with Psychiatric Solutions
    pursuant to which each such stockholder has agreed to vote all
    of such stockholders shares of Ramsay Youth Services
    common stock in favor of approval of the merger and adoption of
    the merger agreement, and the fact that these shares represent
    approximately 64% of the number of outstanding shares of Ramsay
    Youth Services common stock, assuring approval of the merger and
    adoption of the merger agreement (subject to the right of our
    board of directors to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to
    its good faith exercise of its fiduciary duties to stockholders).

During its consideration of the transaction with
Psychiatric Solutions, the Ramsay Youth Services board of
directors was also aware that some of the directors and
executive officers of Ramsay Youth Services may have interests
in the merger that are different from or in addition to those of
Ramsay Youth Services stockholders generally, as described under
The Merger  Interests of Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger.

This discussion of the information and factors
considered and given weight by the Ramsay Youth Services board
of directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but is believed
to address the material information and factors considered by
the board of directors. In view of the number and variety of
these factors, the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors did
not make specific assessments of, or otherwise assign relative
weights to, the specific factors and analyses considered in
reaching its determination. The determination to approve the
merger agreement was made after consideration of all of the
factors and analyses as a whole. In addition, individual members
of the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors may have given
different weights to different factors.

Principal Stockholders Voting
Agreements

Paul J. Ramsay, Chairman of the Board of
Ramsay Youth Services (including his controlled corporations
which are also stockholders of Ramsay Youth Services), on the
one hand, and Luis E. Lamela, President and Chief Executive
Officer of Ramsay Youth Services, on the other hand, are the two
largest beneficial owners of Ramsay Youth Services common stock
and are currently members of Ramsay Youth Services board
of directors. These stockholders own approximately 64% of the
number of outstanding shares of Ramsay Youth Services common
stock. As directors, Messrs. Ramsay and Lamela voted to
approve the merger agreement. Ramsay Holdings HSA Limited, Paul
Ramsay Holdings Pty. Limited, Ramsay Hospitals Pty. Limited and
Paul J. Ramsay, as well as Luis E. Lamela, have each
entered into voting agreements with Psychiatric Solutions
pursuant to which each such stockholder has agreed to vote all
of such stockholders shares of Ramsay Youth Services
common stock in favor of approval of the merger and adoption of
the merger agreement. This assures the approval of the merger
and the adoption of the merger agreement by Ramsay Youth
Services stockholders (subject to the right of our board
of directors to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to its
good faith exercise of its fiduciary duties to stockholders).
These stockholders have also agreed to vote against any action
that would cause a breach of the merger agreement. The voting
agreements terminate at the effective time of the merger, if the
merger agreement terminates in accordance with its terms or, at
the option of the stockholder, if an amendment or modification
of the merger agreement is entered into which results in a
decrease in the price to be paid per share of Ramsay Youth
Services common stock. Copies of the voting agreements are
attached as Annex B and Annex C to this proxy
statement. The description above is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the voting agreements, and we urge you to read them
in their entirety.



Opinion Of Financial Advisor

Ramsay Youth Services board retained UBS
Warburg to act as its exclusive financial advisor in connection
with the merger by a letter agreement dated November 13,
2001. At the meeting of Ramsay Youth Services board on
April 8, 2003, UBS Warburg rendered its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of April 8,
2003, and subject to and based on the various assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and limitations of the
review undertaken, the per share cash consideration to be
received by the holders of Ramsay Youth Services
outstanding common stock (other than by Paul J. Ramsay and
certain entities related to him) pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair from a financial point of view to such
holders.

The full text of UBS Warburgs opinion,
dated as of April 8, 2003, which sets forth, among other
things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken by UBS
Warburg, is attached as Annex D to this proxy statement. You
should read this opinion carefully and in its entirety. This
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the opinion.

UBS Warburgs opinion, which was directed to
Ramsay Youth Services board, addressed only the fairness,
as of the date of the opinion, from a financial point of view to
holders of Ramsays outstanding common stock (other than to
Paul J. Ramsay and certain entities related to him) of the per
share cash consideration to be received by such holders in the
merger, and did not address any other aspect of the merger. The
board did not request, and the opinion of UBS Warburg does not
in any manner address, the fairness of the consideration to be
received by Paul J. Ramsay and certain entities related to him.

At Ramsay Youth Services boards
direction, UBS Warburgs opinion did not address
Ramsays underlying business decision to proceed with or
effect the merger, nor did it constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder of Ramsay Youth Services common stock as to how such
stockholder should vote with respect to the merger. UBS Warburg
was neither asked to, nor did it, offer any opinion as to any
term of the merger agreement or the form of the merger, other
than as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, as of
the date of the opinion, of the per share cash consideration to
be received by holders of Ramsay Youth Services
outstanding common stock (other than by Paul J. Ramsay and
certain entities related to him), to such holders. In rendering
its opinion, UBS Warburg assumed, with the Ramsay Youth Services
board of directors consent, that each party to the merger
agreement would comply with all the material terms of the merger
agreement.

In arriving at its opinion, UBS Warburg, among
other things:

 

reviewed current and historical prices and
    trading volumes of Ramsay Youth Services common stock;

 

reviewed certain publicly available business and
    historical financial information relating to Ramsay Youth
    Services;

 

reviewed certain internal financial information
    and other data relating to Ramsay Youth Services business,
    operations and financial prospects, including estimates and
    financial forecasts prepared by Ramsays management, that
    were provided to UBS Warburg by Ramsay Youth Services and were
    not publicly available;

 

conducted discussions with members of Ramsay
    Youth Services senior management concerning its business,
    operations and financial prospects;

 

reviewed publicly available financial and stock
    market data with respect to Ramsay Youth Services and certain
    other companies in lines of business UBS Warburg believed to be
    generally comparable to it;

 

compared the financial terms of the merger with
    the publicly available financial terms of certain other
    transactions which UBS Warburg believed to be generally relevant;

 

reviewed drafts of the merger agreement; and

 

conducted such other financial studies, analyses
    and investigations, and considered such other information, as
    UBS Warburg deemed necessary or appropriate.



In connection with its engagement, UBS Warburg
was requested to contact, and held discussions with, third
parties to solicit indications of interest in the possible
acquisition of Ramsay Youth Services. In connection with its
review, with the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors
consent, UBS Warburg did not assume any responsibility for
independent verification of any of the information reviewed by
UBS Warburg for the purpose of this opinion and has, with the
boards consent, relied on such information being complete
and accurate in all material respects. In addition, at the
Ramsay Youth Services board of directors direction, UBS
Warburg did not make any independent evaluation or appraisal of
any of Ramsay Youth Services assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise), nor was UBS Warburg furnished with
any such evaluation or appraisal. With respect to the financial
forecasts and estimates referred to above, UBS Warburg assumed,
at the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors direction,
that they had been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of Ramsay Youth
Services management as to its future financial
performance. UBS Warburg assumed that all governmental,
regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the
consummation of the merger would be obtained without any
material adverse effect on Ramsay or the merger. UBS
Warburgs opinion was necessarily based on economic,
monetary, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the
information made available to UBS Warburg as of, April 8,
2003.

The following summaries of UBS Warburgs
financial analyses present some information in tabular format.
In order to fully understand the financial analyses used by UBS
Warburg, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. Accordingly, the analyses
listed in the tables and described below must be considered as a
whole. Considering any portion of such analyses and the factors
considered, without considering all analyses and factors, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying
UBS Warburgs opinion. None of the analyses performed by
UBS Warburg was assigned greater significance by UBS Warburg
than any other. UBS Warburg arrived at its ultimate opinion
based on the results of all analyses undertaken by it and
assessed as a whole and believes the totality of the factors
considered and performed by UBS Warburg in connection with its
opinion operated collectively to support its determination as to
the fairness of the merger consideration from a financial point
of view. UBS Warburg did not draw, in isolation, conclusions
from or with regard to any one factor or method of analysis.

In arriving at its opinion, UBS Warburg made its
determination as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, as of the date of the opinion, of the per share cash
consideration to be received by holders of Ramsay Youth
Services outstanding common stock (other than by
Paul J. Ramsay and certain entities related to him)
pursuant to the merger agreement, to such holders, on the basis
of the multiple financial and comparative analyses described
below. The following summary is not a complete description of
all of the analyses performed and factors considered by UBS
Warburg in connection with its opinion, but rather is a summary
of the material financial analyses performed and factors
considered by UBS Warburg. The preparation of a fairness opinion
is a complex process involving subjective judgments and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis. With respect to the
analysis of publicly traded companies and the analyses of
transactions summarized below, such analyses reflect selected
companies and transactions, and not necessarily all companies or
transactions, that may be considered relevant in evaluating
Ramsay or the merger. In addition, no company or transaction
used as a comparison is either identical or directly comparable
to Ramsay or the merger. These analyses involve complex
considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that could affect the public
trading or acquisition values of the companies concerned.

The estimates of Ramsay Youth Services
future performance provided by Ramsay Youth Services
management in or underlying UBS Warburgs analyses are not
necessarily indicative of future results or values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those estimates. In
performing its analyses, UBS Warburg considered industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond Ramsay Youth Services
control. Estimates of the financial value of companies do not
purport to be appraisals or reflect the prices at which
companies actually may be sold.

The merger consideration was determined through
negotiation between Ramsay Youth Services and Psychiatric
Solutions and the decision to enter into the merger was solely
that of Ramsay Youth Services



board. UBS Warburgs opinion and financial
analyses were only one of many factors considered by Ramsay
Youth Services board in its evaluation of the merger and
should not be viewed as determinative of the views of Ramsay
Youth Services board or management with respect to the
merger or the merger consideration.

Historical Stock Price
Analysis.
 UBS Warburg reviewed the
performance of the per share market price and trading volume of
Ramsay Youth Services common stock for the period from
April 4, 2002 to April 4, 2003. The analysis indicated
during this period the highest closing market price per share
was $5.94 and the lowest closing market price per share was
$3.07. The average closing market price per share for the
previous 30, 60 and 90 days was $3.84, $3.92 and $3.83,
respectively. As of April 4, 2003 Ramsay Youth Services
common stock had not traded at or above the offered price per
share of $5.00 since September 23, 2002. During the
previous year, out of approximately 1.1 million shares of
Ramsay Youth Services common stock traded, approximately 970,000
of these were traded at a price below the offered price per
share of $5.00. The offered price per share of $5.00 represents
a 42.9% premium over the closing price of Ramsay Youth Services
common stock on April 7, 2003, the last day on which the
stock was traded before the merger was announced.

Comparable Companies
Analysis.
 UBS Warburg compared
selected publicly available information of Ramsay Youth Services
with the corresponding data of certain publicly traded companies
that UBS Warburg considered to be comparable to Ramsay Youth
Services in the correctional service and behavioral health
industries. These companies included:

Correctional Services Companies:

Behavioral Health Companies:

America Service Group, Inc.

Horizon Health Corporation

Cornell Companies, Inc.

Maximus, Inc.

Correctional Services Corporation

Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.

Wackenhut Corrections Corporation

Res-Care, Inc.

Multiples for the selected companies were based
on closing stock prices on April 4, 2003. Latest twelve
months data were obtained from SEC filings, where available.
Estimated financial data for the selected companies were based
on publicly available research analysts estimates, where
available, and estimated earnings per share were based on data
obtained from I/B/E/S, a division of Thomson Financial/First
Call. Estimated financial data for Ramsay Youth Services were
based on internal estimates of Ramsay Youth Services
management.

UBS Warburg reviewed enterprise values,
calculated as equity value, plus debt, less cash, plus minority
interests, as multiples of latest twelve months revenues,
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization,
commonly known as EBITDA and earnings before interest and taxes,
commonly known as EBIT. UBS Warburg reviewed adjusted enterprise
values, which are enterprise values plus operating facility rent
expenses capitalized at 8.0x, as multiples of earnings before
interest, taxes depreciation, amortization, and rent, commonly
known as EBITDAR. UBS Warburg also reviewed equity values as
multiples of latest twelve months net income as of April 4,
2003, and as multiples of estimated net income for year 2003.
UBS Warburg then compared the multiples derived from the
selected companies with corresponding multiples for Ramsay Youth
Services based on the merger consideration. This analysis
indicated the following implied mean and



median enterprise and equity value multiples for
the selected companies, as compared to the multiples implied for
Ramsay Youth Services based on the merger consideration:

Implied Multiples of

Comparable

Implied Multiples

Companies

of Ramsay Youth Services

Mean

Median

At $5.00 Offer Price

Enterprise Values as Multiple of:

Revenues

Latest Twelve Months ending 12/31/02

0.57

x

0.59

x

0.52

x

EBITDA

Latest Twelve Months ending 12/31/02

5.9

x

6.3

x

6.2

x

EBITDA

2003 Estimated

4.5

x

4.7

x

5.5

x

EBIT

Latest Twelve Months ending 12/31/02

7.8

x

7.3

x

7.8

x

Adjusted Enterprise Value (Enterprise
    Value + capitalized operating facility rent expense) as
    Multiple of:

EBITDAR

Latest Twelve Months ending 12/31/02

6.4

x

6.4

x

6.5

x

Implied Multiples of

Comparable

Implied Multiples

Companies

of Ramsay Youth Services

Mean

Median

At $5.00 Offer Price

Equity Values as Multiple of:

NET INCOME

Latest Twelve Months ending 12/31/02

9.1

x

10.2

x

13.2

x

2003 Estimated

9.1

x

10.1

x

10.0

x

Precedent Transactions
Analysis.
 UBS Warburg performed a
precedent transactions analysis in order to compare implied
purchase price and transaction value multiples in merger and
acquisition transactions involving other companies in Ramsay
Youth Services industries that UBS Warburg considered
comparable to Ramsay Youth Services with those implied in the
merger for Ramsay Youth Services. In this analysis, UBS Warburg
reviewed the implied enterprise values in the following eight
selected transactions announced between November 30, 1996
and February 13, 2003 for which information was publicly
available:

Date

Acquiror

Target

February 13, 2003

Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.

Six Psychiatric Facilities (The Brown Schools)

June 15, 2001

KIDS Holding, Inc.

Childrens Comprehensive Services

March 9, 2001

Madison Dearborn Partners

National Mentor

September 24, 1998

Correctional Services Corporation

Youth Services International

August 14, 1998

Cornell Corrections

Allvest, Inc.

July 23, 1997

Youth & Family Centered Services

Youth Services International

February 27, 1997

Childrens Comprehensive Services

Vendell Healthcare Inc.

November 30, 1996

Behavioral Health Corporation

Community Psychiatric Centers



UBS Warburg reviewed enterprise values as
multiples of latest twelve months revenues, EBITDA and EBIT and
adjusted enterprise values as multiples of latest twelve months
of EBITDAR. UBS Warburg also reviewed equity values as multiples
of latest twelve months net income. UBS Warburg then compared
the implied multiples derived from the selected transactions
with Ramsay Youth Services latest twelve months multiples
based on the merger consideration. All multiples were based on
publicly available information at the time of announcement of
the relevant transaction. This analysis indicated the following
implied mean and median enterprise and equity value multiples
for the selected transactions, as compared to the multiples
implied for Ramsay Youth Services based on the merger
consideration:

Implied Multiples of

Comparable Companies

Precedent Transactions

Implied Multiples of Ramsay

Mean

Median

Based on $5.00 Offer Price

Enterprise Values as Multiple of (Latest

    Twelve Months):

Revenues

0.93x

0.73x

0.52x

EBITDA

6.1x

5.2x

6.2x

EBITDAR

9.5x

7.7x

6.5x

Adjusted Enterprise Value (Enterprise

    Value + capitalized operating facility

    rent expense) as Multiple of:

EBIT

6.5x

6.5x

7.8x

Equity Values as Multiple of (Latest

    Twelve Months):

Net Income

11.4x

11.0x

13.2x

Premiums Paid
Analysis.
 UBS Warburg reviewed the
publicly disclosed premiums paid in U.S. merger and acquisition
transactions between January 1, 2001 and March 31,
2003 with transaction values of between $50 million and
$100 million, excluding minority stock purchases, repurchases,
squeeze-outs and recapitalizations.

UBS Warburg reviewed the purchase prices paid in
the selected transactions relative to the target companys
closing stock prices one day, one week and one month prior to
public announcement of the transaction. UBS Warburg then
compared the premiums implied in the selected transactions over
these specified periods with the premiums implied in the merger
based on the merger consideration and the closing prices of
Ramsay Youth Services common stock one day, one week and one
month, prior to April 4, 2003. This analysis indicated the
following implied median premiums in the selected transactions,
as compared to the premiums implied in the merger:

Premium Implied in Merger

Median Percentage Premium Paid

Based on $5.00 Offer Price

Specified Time Period:

One Day Prior

31.3

%

42.9

%

One Week Prior

33.2

%

38.1

%

One Month Prior

43.3

%

30.1

%

Discounted Cash Flow
Analysis.
 UBS Warburg performed a
discounted cash flow analysis of Ramsay Youth Services in order
to compare the implied per share equity reference range for
Ramsay Youth Services if it were to remain an independent
company with the proposed merger consideration. In this
analysis, UBS Warburg estimated the present value of the
unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Ramsay Youth Services
could generate over calendar years 2003 through 2007 based on
its management plan. UBS Warburg calculated a range of cash
flows for Ramsay Youth Services by applying perpetuity growth
rates of 2% to 4%. The cash flows and perpetuity growth rates
were then discounted to present value using discount rates
ranging from 12.0% to 15.0%. This analysis included the present
value of net operating loss carryovers valued at
$29 million as of December 31, 2002, with cash flow
benefits of $5.7 million and $5.3 million projected in



estimations for 2003 and 2004, respectively,
using a discount rate of 13.5%. This analysis indicated an
implied equity reference range for Ramsay Youth Services of
approximately $4.10 to $6.60 per share as compared to the merger
consideration of $5.00 per share.

Other Factors.
 In
rendering its opinion, UBS Warburg also reviewed and considered
other factors, including the relationship between movements in
Ramsay Youth Services common stock, movements in a composite
index comprised of the common stock of America Services Group,
Inc., Cornell Companies, Inc., Correctional Services
Corporation, Horizon Health Corporation, Maximus, Inc.,
Res-Care, Inc. and Wackenhut Corrections Corporation (the
companies that were considered by UBS Warburg in its comparable
companies analysis described above) and movements in the
Standard and Poors 500 Index.

Miscellaneous.
 Under
the terms of its engagement, Ramsay Youth Services has agreed to
pay UBS Warburg for its financial advisory services upon
completion of the merger an aggregate fee of $1 million, of
which $400,000 is payable within 30 days of the delivery of
UBS Warburgs opinion. Ramsay Youth Services also has
agreed to reimburse UBS Warburg for expenses reasonably incurred
by UBS Warburg in performing its services, including fees and
expenses of its legal counsel, and to indemnify UBS Warburg and
related persons against liabilities, including liabilities under
the federal securities laws, arising out of its engagement.

Ramsay Youth Services selected UBS Warburg as its
financial advisor in connection with the merger because UBS
Warburg is an internationally recognized investment banking firm
with substantial experience in similar transactions. UBS Warburg
is continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities and
private placements.

In the ordinary course of business, UBS Warburg,
its successors and affiliates may actively trade the securities
of Ramsay Youth Services or affiliated companies for their own
accounts and the accounts of their customers and, accordingly,
may at any time hold a long or short position in these
securities.

Financing Of The Merger

Psychiatric Solutions has informed Ramsay Youth
Services that it estimates that approximately $78 million
will be required to pay the consideration for shares of our
common stock pursuant to the merger, to cash out unexercised
in-the-money options and warrants, to repay Ramsay Youth
Services outstanding debt and to pay expenses incurred in
connection with the merger. Psychiatric Solutions is in the
process of arranging financing for the transaction and has
received a highly confident letter from its senior
lender. Psychiatric Solutions has agreed in the merger agreement
to use its best efforts to obtain (and deliver to Ramsay Youth
Services) on or before June 2, 2003 a binding commitment
letter from a nationally recognized financial institution to
provide the financing necessary to complete the merger
transaction and has agreed to consummate such financing on or
before August 29, 2003. If Psychiatric Solutions fails to
do so, we are entitled to terminate the merger agreement in
which event Psychiatric Solutions is required to pay us a
termination fee of $2.25 million.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
Of The Merger To Our Stockholders

The following is a summary of United States
federal income tax consequences of the merger to stockholders
whose shares of our common stock are converted into the right to
receive cash pursuant to the merger. The discussion is for
general information only and does not purport to consider all
aspects of United States federal income taxation that might be
relevant to our stockholders. The discussion is based on the
Internal Revenue Code, applicable Treasury Regulations,
administrative rulings, pronouncements and court decisions
currently in effect, all of which are subject to change possibly
with retroactive effect. The discussion applies only to
stockholders who hold shares of our common stock as capital
assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal
Revenue Code, and may not apply to shares of our common stock
received in connection with the exercise of employee stock
options or otherwise as compensation, or to certain types of
stockholders (such as insurance companies, tax-exempt
organizations, financial institutions, broker-dealers and
partnerships or other pass-through entities for United States
federal income tax purposes) who may be subject to special
rules. This discussion does not discuss the tax consequences to
any stockholder who, for



United States federal income tax purposes, is a
non-resident alien individual, foreign corporation, foreign
partnership or foreign estate or trust, and does not address any
aspect of state, local or foreign tax laws.

The receipt of cash for shares of our common
stock in the merger will be a taxable transaction for United
States federal income tax purposes. In general, a stockholder
who surrenders shares of our common stock for cash pursuant to
the merger will recognize capital gain or loss for United States
federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any,
between the amount of cash received and the stockholders
adjusted tax basis in the shares of our common stock
surrendered. Gain or loss will be determined separately for each
block of shares assuming the shareholder maintained separate
records of such transaction (i.e., shares acquired at the same
cost in a single transaction) surrendered for cash pursuant to
the merger. Such gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or
loss provided that a stockholders holding period for such
shares is more than one year at the time of the consummation of
the merger. Capital gains of individuals derived in respect of
capital assets held for more than one year are eligible for
reduced rates of taxation. There are limitations on the
deductibility of capital losses.

Backup withholding at a 30% rate will apply to
all cash payments to which a holder of shares or other payee is
entitled pursuant to the merger, unless the stockholder or other
payee provides a taxpayer identification number (social security
number, in the case of individuals, or employer identification
number, in the case of other stockholders), certifies that such
number is correct, and otherwise complies with such backup
withholding tax rules. Each of our stockholders and, if
applicable, each other payee, should complete and sign the
Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the letter of
transmittal to be mailed to you shortly after completion of the
merger in order to provide the information and certification
necessary to avoid backup withholding tax, unless an exemption
applies and is established in a manner satisfactory to the
paying agent. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding
rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against your
United States federal income tax liability provided the required
information is furnished to the IRS.

The United States federal income tax consequences
set forth above are for general information purposes only and
are not intended to constitute a complete description of all tax
consequences relating to the merger. This discussion is not
binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and the
Internal Revenue Service or the courts may disagree with the
conclusions expressed herein.

THE FOREGOING SUMMARY IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR
AN INDIVIDUAL ANALYSIS OF THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO
A STOCKHOLDER. BECAUSE INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES MAY DIFFER, EACH
STOCKHOLDER SHOULD CONSULT THE STOCKHOLDERS TAX ADVISOR
REGARDING THE APPLICABILITY OF THE RULES DISCUSSED ABOVE TO THE
STOCKHOLDER AND THE PARTICULAR TAX EFFECTS TO THE STOCKHOLDER OF
THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION OF STATE, LOCAL AND
FOREIGN TAX LAWS.

Interests Of Directors And Executive Officers
In The Merger

Members of our board of directors and our
executive officers have various interests in the merger, that
are described below, that may be in addition to, or different
from, the interests of our stockholders generally. The members
of the Ramsay Youth Services board of directors were aware of
these interests and considered them at the time they approved
the merger agreement. You should keep this in mind when
considering the recommendation of our board of directors for the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Stock Option Plans

The merger agreement provides that, as of the
effective time of the merger, outstanding options for Ramsay
Youth Services common stock, whether vested or unvested, will be
converted into the right to receive a cash payment. The amount
of this payment will equal the excess, if any, of the merger
consideration of $5.00 in cash per share of Ramsay Youth
Services common stock over the per share exercise price of the
options, reduced by applicable withholding taxes. Options that
have an exercise price in excess of or equal to $5.00 will be
cancelled upon completion of the merger, and no consideration
will be paid to the holders thereof.



As of
[                    ],
2003, our executive officers and directors held options to
purchase a total of 1,925,000 shares of common stock that have
an exercise price below $5.00, which options are currently
vested as to approximately 1,300,000 shares and are currently
unvested as to approximately 625,000 shares. At the time of the
merger, the aggregate payment that the executive officers and
directors would be entitled to receive for all of their options
outstanding as of
[                    ],
2003 is approximately $7,623,250.

Warrants

Our executive officers and directors hold
warrants to purchase a total of 477,499 shares of common stock
all of which have an exercise price in excess of or equal to
$5.00. All such warrants will be cancelled upon the completion
of the merger, and no consideration will be paid to the holders
thereof.

Change-In-Control
    Arrangements

Certain of our executive officers have employment
agreements with Ramsay Youth Services which provide for special
payments upon a change in control of Ramsay Youth Services. The
amount of each payment is dependent in part on the
individuals salary and position with Ramsay Youth
Services. The payments are due upon the completion of the merger.

The dollar amounts payable following the merger
under the agreements described in the preceding paragraph are
$1,500,000 for Luis E. Lamela, $250,000 for Marcio C.
Cabrera, $250,000 for Remberto G. Cibran, $200,000 for
Jorge L. Rico and $185,000 for Isabel M. Diaz.

Indemnification And Insurance

In the merger agreement, Psychiatric Solutions
and PSI Acquisition Sub agreed that the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of PSI Acquisition Sub shall contain
all of the provisions limiting or eliminating the personal
liability of directors and the provisions with respect to
indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in the
Ramsay Youth Services certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
which provisions shall not be amended, modified or otherwise
repealed for a period of six years from the effective time of
the merger in any manner that would adversely affect the rights
thereunder as of the effective time of the merger of individuals
who at or prior to the effective time of the merger were
directors, officers, employees or agents of Ramsay Youth
Services. The merger agreement also requires Psychiatric
Solutions to provide, or cause PSI Acquisition Sub to provide,
for a period of not less than six years after the effective time
of the merger, Ramsay Youth Services current directors and
officers with an insurance and indemnification policy that
provides coverage for events occurring at or prior to the
effective time of the merger that is no less favorable than the
existing policy or, if substantially equivalent insurance
coverage is unavailable, the next best available coverage;
provided, however, that Psychiatric Solutions and PSI
Acquisition Sub shall not be required to pay an annual premium
for such insurance in excess of 200% of the annual premium
currently paid by Ramsay Youth Services for such insurance, but
in such case shall purchase as much such coverage as possible
for such amount.



THE MERGER AGREEMENT

This section of the proxy statement describes
the material provisions of the merger agreement but does not
purport to describe all of the terms of the merger agreement.
The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the complete text of the merger agreement, which is attached
as Annex A to this proxy statement and incorporated into this
proxy statement by reference. We urge you to read the full text
of the merger agreement because it is the legal document that
governs the merger.

The Merger

The merger agreement provides for the merger of
PSI Acquisition Sub with and into Ramsay Youth Services upon the
terms, and subject to the conditions, of the merger agreement.
As the surviving corporation, we will survive the merger and
continue to exist as a wholly owned subsidiary of Psychiatric
Solutions. The merger will be effective at the time we file a
certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware (or at a later time, if agreed upon by the parties
and specified in the certificate of merger). We expect to
complete the merger as promptly as practicable after we receive
stockholder approval and required regulatory approvals of the
merger.

We or Psychiatric Solutions may terminate the
merger agreement prior to the completion of the merger in some
circumstances, whether before or after the adoption of the
merger agreement by stockholders. Additional details on
termination of the merger agreement are described under
Termination of the Merger Agreement.

Merger Consideration

Each share of our common stock issued and
outstanding immediately before the merger (other than treasury
shares, shares as to which appraisal rights are exercised and
shares held by Psychiatric Solutions or PSI Acquisition Sub)
will automatically be canceled and will cease to exist and will
be converted into the right to receive $5.00 in cash, without
interest. After the merger is effective, each holder of a
certificate representing any of these shares of our common stock
will no longer have any rights with respect to the shares,
except for the right to receive the merger consideration or, if
a holder exercises appraisal rights, the right to receive
payment of the judicially determined fair value of its shares
upon compliance with the requirements of Delaware law. Each
share of our common stock held by us as treasury shares or held
by Psychiatric Solutions or PSI Acquisition Sub at the time of
the merger will be canceled without any payment.

Directors And Officers

The directors and officers of Ramsay Youth
Services will be replaced by the directors and officers of PSI
Acquisition Sub at the effective time of the merger.

Treatment Of Stock Options And Other
Stock-Based Rights

The merger agreement provides that, upon
completion of the merger (1) each option to purchase shares
of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the
completion of the merger, whether vested or unvested, will be
converted into the right to receive $5.00 minus the exercise
price per share of the stock option multiplied by the number of
shares of common stock subject to the stock option,
(2) each warrant to purchase shares of our common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the merger
will be converted into the right to receive $5.00 minus the
exercise price per share of the warrant multiplied by the number
of shares of common stock subject to the warrant,
(3) outstanding purchase rights under our employee stock
purchase plan will expire immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger, the entire amount credited to the stock
purchase account of each participant in that plan at the
effective time will be refunded to the participant without
interest and at the effective time that plan will be deemed
terminated, and (4) our board of directors will make any
other changes to Ramsay Youth Services stock plans as we
and Psychiatric Solutions agree are appropriate to give effect
to the merger. All amounts payable are subject to applicable
withholding taxes.



Payment For The Shares

Before the merger, PSI Acquisition Sub will
designate a paying agent reasonably acceptable to us to make
payment of the merger consideration as contemplated by the
merger agreement. Prior to the effective time of the merger,
Psychiatric Solutions or PSI Acquisition Sub will deposit in
trust with the paying agent cash in an aggregate amount equal to
the merger consideration, option consideration and warrant
consideration for all stockholders, stock option and warrant
holders.

At the effective time of the merger, we will
close our stock ledger. After that time, the surviving
corporation will not transfer common stock on its stock transfer
books.

As soon as reasonably practicable after the
effective time of the merger, the paying agent will send you a
letter of transmittal and instructions advising you how to
surrender your stock certificates in exchange for the merger
consideration. The paying agent will promptly pay you your
merger consideration after you have (1) surrendered your
stock certificates to the paying agent and (2) provided to
the paying agent any other items specified by the letter of
transmittal. Interest will not be paid or accrue in respect of
cash payments. The surviving corporation will reduce the amount
of any merger consideration paid to you by any applicable
withholding taxes. You should not forward your stock
certificates to the paying agent without a letter of
transmittal, and you should not return your stock certificates
with the enclosed proxy.

If the paying agent is to pay some or all of your
merger consideration to a person other than you, you must have
your stock certificates properly endorsed or otherwise in proper
form for transfer, and you must pay any transfer or other taxes
payable by reason of the transfer or establish to the surviving
corporations satisfaction that the taxes have been paid or
are not required to be paid.

The transmittal instructions will tell you what
to do if you have lost your stock certificate, or if it has been
stolen or destroyed. You will have to provide an affidavit to
that fact and, if required by Psychiatric Solutions, post a bond
in a reasonable amount that Psychiatric Solutions directs as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against the
surviving corporation in respect of the stock certificate.

Representations And Warranties

In the merger agreement, Ramsay Youth Services,
Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub, each made
representations and warranties relating to, among other things:

 

corporate organization and existence;

 

corporate power and authority to enter into and
    perform its obligations under, and enforceability of, the merger
    agreement;

 

required consents and approvals of governmental
    entities;

 

the absence of conflicts with or defaults under
    organizational documents, debt instruments, other contracts and
    applicable laws and judgments; and

 

fees of brokers and other advisors in connection
    with the merger.

In the merger agreement, Psychiatric Solutions
and PSI Acquisition Sub also made representations and warranties
to the effect that they have no reason to believe that they will
not obtain all necessary financing to complete their obligations
under the merger agreement.

We also made representations and warranties
relating to, among other things:

 

our subsidiaries;

 

our capital structure;

 

documents filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission;

 

absence of specified changes or events since
    December 31, 2002;

 

absence of undisclosed liabilities or guarantees;



 

legal proceedings and regulatory actions;

 

compliance with applicable laws;

 

compliance with specific health care related laws;

 

absence of changes in our benefit plans since
    December 31, 2002;

 

compliance with the Employee Retirement Income
    Securities Act of 1974 and other employee benefit matters;

 

certain tax matters;

 

certain material contracts;

 

stockholder voting requirements;

 

ownership of property and liens;

 

restrictions on business activities;

 

environmental matters;

 

intellectual property matters;

 

insurance policies;

 

receipt of UBS Warburgs fairness opinion to
    our board of directors;

 

amendment of Ramsay Youth Services rights
    agreement; and

 

transactions with affiliates.

Covenants; Conduct Of Business Pending The
Merger

With limited exceptions we agreed in the merger
agreement that, until the completion of the merger, we and each
of our subsidiaries will:

 

conduct our respective businesses in the ordinary
    course and in a manner consistent with past practice; and

 

use reasonable commercial efforts to preserve
    substantially intact our business organization and our
    subsidiaries as a whole, keep available the services of our
    current officers and employees and preserve our business
    relationships.

We have also agreed that, until completion of the
merger, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by the
merger agreement we will not, and will not permit any of our
subsidiaries to:

 

declare, set aside or pay dividends, or make
    other distributions;

 

split, combine or reclassify any capital stock or
    other equity interests or issue any other securities in respect
    of, in lieu of or in substitution for such shares or interests;

 

purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
    of our respective capital stock or any other equity interests;

 

issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise
    encumber any shares of our capital stock or other equity
    interests or grant any options, warrants, calls or rights to
    acquire any such shares or interests, other than the issuance of
    shares in accordance with the terms of benefit plans or stock
    options or warrants as in effect on April 8, 2003;

 

amend our respective certificates of
    incorporation or bylaws;



 

acquire or agree to acquire by merging or
    consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of
    the assets of, or by any other manner, any business organization
    or division thereof, except for purchases of inventory and other
    items in the ordinary course of business;

 

sell, lease, license, mortgage or otherwise
    encumber or subject to any lien or otherwise dispose of any of
    our properties or assets other than in the ordinary course of
    business;

 

incur any indebtedness or guarantee any such
    indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt
    securities or other rights to acquire any of our debt securities
    or of our subsidiaries or guarantee any debt securities of
    another person, except for borrowings incurred in the ordinary
    course of business;

 

hold any stockholder meetings except for the
    special meeting that is the subject of this proxy statement or
    to the extent required by our bylaws or the Delaware General
    Corporation Law;

 

take any action that would result in a violation
    of law or cause a breach of any material contract or other
    commitment of Ramsay Youth Services, which in each case,
    individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected
    to have a material adverse effect on us; and

 

agree to take any action described above.

Efforts To Complete The Merger

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
the merger agreement, each of the parties to the merger
agreement has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, as promptly as reasonably
practicable, all actions that are necessary, proper or advisable
to complete the merger, including (i) the taking of all
reasonable acts necessary to satisfy the conditions for the
completion of the merger, (ii) the obtaining of all
necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals
from governmental entities and the making of all necessary
registrations and filings and the taking of all reasonable steps
as may be necessary to obtain that approval or waiver from, or
to avoid an action or proceeding by, any governmental entity and
(iii) the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or
waivers from third parties.

In addition, Psychiatric Solutions has agreed to
obtain all financing necessary to complete the merger
transactions.

Conditions To The Merger

Conditions To Each Partys
Obligations.
 Each partys
obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

 

our stockholders must adopt the merger agreement
    by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
    outstanding shares of our common stock;

 

subject to certain provisions, no federal or
    state statute, rule or regulation shall have been enacted,
    promulgated, entered, or enforced that would have the effect of
    preventing the completion of the merger; and

 

subject to certain conditions, neither
    Psychiatric Solutions nor Ramsay Youth Services shall be subject
    to (1) any law, order, stay, decree, judgment or injunction
    of any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court,
    administrative or regulatory agency or commission or other
    governmental authority or agency which would have the effect of
    preventing or materially restricting the completion of the
    merger that has not been vacated, dismissed or withdrawn as of
    the effective time of the merger, or (2) any pending or
    threatened (in writing) litigation or proceeding by any federal,
    state, local or foreign government or any court, administrative
    or regulatory agency or commission or other governmental
    authority or agency which would have the effect of preventing
    the completion of the merger or which would impose material
    damages on Psychiatric Solutions or Ramsay Youth Services.



Conditions To Psychiatric Solutions And
PSI Acquisition Subs
Obligations.
 The obligations of
Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub to complete the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
following additional conditions:

 

our representations and warranties must be true
    and correct as of the closing date as though made on and as of
    the closing date, except where the failure to be so true and
    correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
    be expected to have a material adverse effect on Ramsay Youth
    Services or our ability to consummate the transaction;

 

we must have performed in all material respects
    all obligations that we are required to perform under the merger
    agreement on or prior to the closing date;

 

from and after April 8, 2003, there will not
    have occurred a material adverse change in Ramsay Youth
    Services, and no action, suit or proceeding shall have been
    instituted by any person for monetary damages before a court or
    any governmental entity arising out of the transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement and that would,
    individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
    a material adverse effect on Psychiatric Solutions;

 

no governmental entity shall have enacted,
    issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule,
    regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or other order
    which is in effect and which:

(1) 

prohibits or limits materially the ownership or
    operation by Psychiatric Solutions, PSI Acquisition Sub or any
    of their subsidiaries of all or any material portion of the
    business or assets of Ramsay Youth Services and its
    subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or compels Psychiatric
    Solutions, PSI Acquisition Sub or any of their respective
    subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate all or any material
    portion of the business or assets of Ramsay Youth Services and
    its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(2) 

imposes material limitations on the ability of
    Psychiatric Solutions, PSI Acquisition Sub or any other
    subsidiary of Psychiatric Solutions to acquire or hold, or to
    exercise effectively full rights of ownership of, Ramsay Youth
    Services; or

(3) 

requires divestitures by Psychiatric Solutions,
    PSI Acquisition Sub or any other affiliate of Psychiatric
    Solutions of any material assets;

 

Psychiatric Solutions shall have received the
    resignations of all directors and officers of Ramsay Youth
    Services and each of its subsidiaries;

 

the voting agreements in favor of Psychiatric
    Solutions by Paul J. Ramsay, each of his corporate
    affiliates owning shares of our common stock and Luis E. Lamela
    must be in full force and effect;

 

stockholders must not have exercised appraisal
    rights with respect to more than 7.5% of the number of shares of
    Ramsay Youth Services common stock outstanding immediately prior
    to the time of the merger; and

 

Ramsay Youth Services shall have delivered to
    Psychiatric Solutions:

(1) 

waivers executed by the holders of options and
    warrants representing at least 90% of the Ramsay Youth Services
    common stock issuable pursuant to all outstanding options and
    warrants to purchase Ramsay Youth Services common stock which
    provide for an exercise price per share which is greater than or
    equal to $5.00 evidencing their agreement that such options and
    warrants to purchase Ramsay Youth Services common stock held by
    such holders will be canceled as of the completion of the
    merger, and

(2) 

duly adopted resolutions of our board of
    directors or the appropriate committee of our board adjusting
    (A) the terms of all options to purchase Ramsay Youth
    Services common stock which provide for an exercise price per
    share of Ramsay Youth Services common stock which is greater
    than or equal to $5.00 to provide that, following the effective
    time of the merger, all such options to purchase Ramsay Youth
    Services common stock represent the right to receive no value and



(B) the terms of all options to purchase
    Ramsay Youth Services common stock which provide for an exercise
    price per share of Ramsay Youth Services common stock which is
    less than $5.00 to provide that, following the effective time of
    the merger, all such options to purchase Ramsay Youth Services
    common stock represent the right to receive only the difference
    between $5.00 and the applicable exercise price per share.

Conditions To Ramsay Youth Services
Obligation.
 Our obligation to complete
the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
following additional conditions:

 

Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition
    Subs representations and warranties must be true and
    correct in all material respects as of the closing date as
    though made on and as of the closing date, except where the
    failure to be so true and correct would not, individually or in
    the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on Psychiatric Solutions ability to consummate the
    merger; and

 

Psychiatric Solutions will have, and must have
    caused PSI Acquisition Sub to have, performed in all material
    respects all obligations that each of them is required to
    perform under the merger agreement on or prior to the closing
    date.

No Solicitation Of Other Offers

The merger agreement provides that neither we nor
our subsidiaries will:

 

take any action to solicit, initiate, facilitate,
    continue or encourage any acquisition proposal, as described
    below;

 

engage in any negotiations or discussions
    concerning, or provide any non-public information to any person
    relating to, any possible acquisition proposal;

 

enter into an agreement with any person providing
    for a possible acquisition proposal or make any public
    statement, recommendation or solicitation in support of any
    possible acquisition proposal by any person, in each case other
    than Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub; or

 

agree to, enter into a letter of intent or
    similar document concerning, or recommend, any acquisition
    proposal.

We may, however, furnish non-public information
to, or enter into discussions or negotiations with, any person
in connection with an unsolicited, bona fide, written
acquisition proposal by such person or recommend an unsolicited,
bona fide, written acquisition proposal by such person to the
Ramsay Youth Services stockholders, if and only to the extent
that:

 

our board of directors determines in good faith
    (after consultation with independent financial and legal
    advisors) that the acquisition proposal is reasonably likely to
    result in an acquisition proposal that is reasonably capable of
    being completed on the terms proposed and would, if consummated,
    result in a transaction more favorable to our stockholders from
    a financial point of view than the transaction contemplated by
    the merger agreement, and our board of directors determines in
    good faith (after consultation with independent legal advisors)
    that such action is necessary for our board of directors to
    comply with its fiduciary duties to stockholders under
    applicable law; and

 

prior to furnishing such non-public information
    to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, such
    person:

(1) 

our board of directors receives from such person
    an executed confidentiality agreement with terms no less
    favorable to Ramsay Youth Services and no more favorable to such
    person than those terms contained in a nondisclosure agreement
    dated February 25, 2002 between Psychiatric Solutions and
    Ramsay Youth Services, as amended by an addendum dated March
    2003 between Psychiatric Solutions and Ramsay Youth Services,

(2) 

such non-public information has been previously
    made available to Psychiatric Solutions, and



(3) 

Ramsay Youth Services advises Psychiatric
    Solutions in writing of the disclosure or discussions or
    negotiations, including the person to whom disclosed or with
    whom discussions or negotiations will occur and the material
    terms and conditions of such acquisition proposal.

We have agreed to notify Psychiatric Solutions
orally and in writing promptly after Ramsay Youth Services (or
its advisors) receives any acquisition proposal or any request
for non-public information in connection with an acquisition
proposal or for access to our properties, books or records or
any of our subsidiaries by any person that informs Ramsay Youth
Services (or its advisors) that it is considering making, or has
made, an acquisition proposal and such notice must indicate in
reasonable detail the identity of the person and the material
terms and conditions of the proposal, inquiry or contact. Ramsay
Youth Services has agreed to continue to keep Psychiatric
Solutions informed, on a current basis, of the status of any
such discussions or negotiations and the terms being discussed
or negotiated.

In addition to the agreements described above, we
have agreed not accept or enter into any agreement, letter of
intent or similar document concerning an acquisition proposal
for a period at least three business days after Psychiatric
Solutions receipt of oral and written notice of an
acquisition proposal or inquiry from us, and during such three
business day period we are required to negotiate with
Psychiatric Solutions in good faith at Psychiatric
Solutions request. If, prior to the conclusion of the
three business day period, Psychiatric Solutions executes and
delivers to us a binding amendment to the merger agreement which
our board of directors determines in good faith (after
consultation with independent financial and legal advisors)
provides greater aggregate value to Ramsay Youth Services
stockholders than the transactions contemplated by the
acquisition proposal to which it relates, then we will cease all
discussions or negotiations with respect to the acquisition
proposal unless and until a subsequent acquisition proposal is
made that is reasonably capable of being completed on the terms
proposed and would, if consummated, result in a transaction more
favorable to Ramsay Youth Services stockholders from a
financial point of view than the transaction contemplated by the
merger agreement, as amended.

Nothing described above limits our ability to
take actions to comply with certain rules under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

The merger agreement defines the term
acquisition proposal to mean any inquiries or
proposals that constitute, or are reasonably likely to result
in, a proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, business
combination, sale of substantial assets, sale of shares of
capital stock or other securities (including by way of a tender
offer) or similar transaction involving Ramsay Youth Services
and its subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement.

Termination Of The Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the effective time of the merger, whether before
or after stockholder approval has been obtained:

1. by mutual written consent of Psychiatric
    Solutions and Ramsay Youth Services;

2. by either Psychiatric Solutions or Ramsay
    Youth Services, if:

 

the merger agreement has not been adopted by the
    Ramsay Youth Services stockholders on or before
    September 3, 2003, provided that the party seeking
    termination is not in material breach of the merger agreement, or

 

any governmental entity shall have permanently
    enjoined, restrained or otherwise prohibited the consummation of
    the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement;

3. by Psychiatric Solutions, if:

 

subject to certain conditions and exceptions, we
    have materially breached any of our representations, warranties
    or covenants in the merger agreement and the breach is not or
    cannot be cured within 30 days after written notice of the
    breach is delivered,



 

our board of directors withdraws its approval or
    recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement or
    recommends to our stockholders any acquisition proposal by a
    third party, or

 

our stockholders do not adopt the merger
    agreement at the special meeting; or

4. by Ramsay Youth Services, if:

 

subject to certain conditions and exceptions,
    Psychiatric Solutions has materially breached any of its
    representations, warranties or covenants in the merger agreement
    and the breach is not or cannot be cured within 30 days after
    written notice of the breach is delivered,

 

Psychiatric Solutions has not obtained (and
    delivered to Ramsay Youth Services) on or before June 2,
    2003 a binding commitment letter from a nationally recognized
    financial institution to provide the financing necessary to pay
    the merger consideration described in this proxy statement to be
    paid to our stockholders and to holders of options and warrants,
    to repay our outstanding debt on the closing date of the merger,
    and to pay all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the
    merger,

 

prior to obtaining stockholder approval, we
    propose to accept a superior acquisition proposal from a third
    party, provided that no binding amendment to the merger
    agreement has been delivered to Ramsay Youth Services by
    Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub, which the Ramsay
    Youth Services board of directors determines in good faith
    (after consultation with independent financial and legal
    advisors) provides greater aggregate value to the holders of
    Ramsay Youth Services common stock than the superior acquisition
    proposal from the third party, or

 

subject to certain conditions, Psychiatric
    Solutions has not consummated the financing necessary to
    complete the merger transaction on or before August 29,
    2003.

Termination Fees

We must pay to Psychiatric Solutions a
termination fee of $2.25 million if the merger agreement is
terminated under the following circumstances:

 

Psychiatric Solutions terminates pursuant to the
    provisions described in the second or third point under
    paragraph (3) above under Termination of the Merger
    Agreement;

 

we terminate pursuant to the provision described
    in the third point under paragraph (4) above under
    Termination of the Merger Agreement; or

 

Psychiatric Solutions terminates pursuant to the
    provisions described in the first point under paragraph (3)
    above under Termination of the Merger Agreement and
    within six months thereafter Ramsay Youth Services enters into
    an agreement with respect to a superior proposal to acquire
    Ramsay Youth Services from a third party with whom Ramsay Youth
    Services had signed a confidentiality agreement prior to the
    termination.

Psychiatric Solutions must pay to us a
termination fee of $2.25 million if the merger agreement is
terminated under the following circumstances:

 

we terminate pursuant to the provision described
    in the second or fourth point under paragraph (4) above
    under Termination of the Merger Agreement.

Employee Benefits

Following the completion of the merger,
Psychiatric Solutions will cause the surviving corporation to
give employees of Ramsay Youth Services, at the completion of
the merger, credit for purposes of eligibility to participate
and vesting under employee welfare benefit plans maintained by
Psychiatric Solutions for such employees service with us
to the same extent recognized by Ramsay Youth Services
immediately before the completion of the merger.



Psychiatric Solutions will cause the surviving
corporation to (i) waive any preexisting condition
exclusions to coverage and any waiting-period requirements with
respect to participation and coverage under any employee welfare
benefit plans in which such employees may be eligible to
participate after the completion of the merger to the same
extent waived by Ramsay Youth Services benefit plans
before the merger and (ii) provide each employee with
credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the
completion of the merger in the calendar year in which the
completion of the merger occurs in satisfying any applicable
deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any employee
welfare benefit plans in which such employees are eligible to
participate after the completion of the merger.

Psychiatric Solutions currently intends to
continue the current employee benefits of Ramsay Youth Services
and its subsidiaries or cause the surviving company to provide
benefits to current employees of Ramsay Youth Services and its
subsidiaries that are no less favorable, in the aggregate, to
such employees than the benefits provided to similarly situated
employees of Psychiatric Solutions and its subsidiaries. Except
as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, there are no
guarantees of the right of an employee to continued employment
after the completion of the merger or any limits on Psychiatric
Solutions right to amend, modify or terminate any Ramsay
Youth Services benefit plan, benefit agreement or other
arrangement in which employees are eligible to participate
following the merger.

Upon written request of Psychiatric Solutions
delivered to Ramsay Youth Services at least 30 days prior
to the closing date, Ramsay Youth Services will use commercially
reasonable efforts to terminate or amend the Ramsay Youth
Services Deferred Compensation and Retirement Plan (our 401K
Plan) as of a date prior to the closing date. In connection with
any termination of our 401K Plan, Ramsay Youth Services will, to
the extent legally required, fully vest all employees in their
account balances in the 401K Plan and Psychiatric Solutions will
permit each employee of Ramsay Youth Services to rollover his or
her accrued benefit under the 401K Plan, including any
promissory notes attributable to loans under the 401K Plan, to a
qualified retirement plan maintained by Psychiatric Solutions,
to the extent such rollovers constitute, in Psychiatric
Solutions sole discretion, valid eligible rollover
distributions.

Amendment, Extension And Waiver

The parties may amend the merger agreement at any
time, whether before or after adoption of the merger agreement
by our stockholders. However, after receiving stockholder
approval, no amendment may be made which by law requires further
approval by our stockholders, unless we obtain that further
approval. All amendments to the merger agreement must be in
writing signed by us, Psychiatric Solutions and PSI Acquisition
Sub.

At any time before the effective time of the
merger, each of the parties to the merger agreement may, by
written instrument:

 

extend the time for the performance of any of the
    obligations or other acts of the other parties;

 

waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
    warranties of the other parties contained in the merger
    agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger
    agreement; or

 

subject to certain conditions, waive compliance
    with any of the agreements or conditions contained in the merger
    agreement.

However, after adoption of the merger agreement
by our stockholders, no waiver may be made which by law requires
further approval by our stockholders, unless we obtain that
further approval. All extensions of time and waivers under the
merger agreement must be in writing signed by us, Psychiatric
Solutions and PSI Acquisition Sub.

Amendment To Rights Agreement

In accordance with the merger agreement, as of
April 8, 2003, we amended the rights agreement, dated as of
August 1, 1995, as amended, between us and Wachovia Bank,
N.A. as rights agent, to provide that none



of the approval, execution, delivery or
performance of the merger agreement or the completion of the
transactions contemplated thereby will cause the rights under
the rights agreement to become exercisable.

INFORMATION ABOUT PSYCHIATRIC
SOLUTIONS

Psychiatric Solutions files annual, quarterly and
special reports, proxy statements and other information with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These SEC filings are
available to the public over the Internet at the SECs web
site at http://www.sec.gov and through Psychiatric
Solutions web site at http://www.psysolutions.com. You may
also read and copy any document we file at the SECs public
reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, DC
20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the public reference room.

Certain business and financial information
relating to Psychiatric Solutions has been incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement, which means that
Psychiatric Solutions is disclosing important information to you
by referring you to documents containing that information. The
information incorporated by reference is an important part of
this proxy statement, and information that Psychiatric Solutions
files later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede
the information in this proxy statement. Psychiatric Solutions
incorporates by reference into this proxy statement the
following documents that it has filed with the SEC (file
no. 0-20488) and any filings it makes with the SEC under
Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after
the date of this proxy statement and before the date of the
special meeting:

 

its annual report on Form 10-K for the year
    ended December 31, 2002, filed on March 27, 2003;

 

its current report on Form 8-K filed on
    January 7, 2003;

 

its current report on Form 8-K filed on
    February 14, 2003;

 

its current report on Form 8-K filed on
    April 9, 2003; and

 

its current report on Form 8-K filed on
    April 10, 2003.

Ramsay Youth Services makes no representation
or warranty about the accuracy or completeness of the business
and financial information of Psychiatric Solutions incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement.

You may request a copy of these filings at no
cost, by writing or telephoning Psychiatric Solutions at the
following address:

Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.

113 Seaboard Lane, Suite C-100

Franklin, Tennessee 37067

Telephone: (615) 312-5700

If you would like to request documents from
Psychiatric Solutions, please do so at least five business days
before the date of the special meeting in order to receive
timely delivery of such documents prior to the special meeting.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

If the merger is consummated, holders of shares
of Ramsay Youth Services common stock are entitled to appraisal
rights under Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, provided that they comply with the conditions
established by Section 262.

Section 262 is reprinted in its entirety as
Annex E to this Proxy Statement. The following discussion
is not a complete statement of the law relating to appraisal
rights and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
Annex E. This discussion and Annex E should be reviewed
carefully by any holder who wishes to exercise statutory
appraisal rights or who wishes to preserve the right to do so,
as failure to comply with the statutory procedures will result
in the loss of appraisal rights.



A record holder of shares of Ramsay Youth
Services common stock who does not vote in favor of the merger
agreement, who makes the demand described below with respect to
such shares in a timely fashion, who continuously is the record
holder of such shares through the effective time of the merger
and who otherwise complies with the statutory requirements of
Section 262 will be entitled to an appraisal by the
Delaware Court of Chancery of the fair value of his or her
shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock. All references in
this summary of appraisal rights to a stockholder or
holders of shares of Ramsay Youth Services common
stock are to the record holder or holders of shares of
Ramsay Youth Services common stock. Except as set forth herein
(including Annex E), stockholders of Ramsay Youth Services
will not be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the
merger.

Under Section 262, where a merger is to be
submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, as in the
case of the special meeting, not less than 20 days prior to
the meeting the corporation must notify each of the holders of
its stock who is entitled to appraisal rights that appraisal
rights are available and include in the notice a copy of
Section 262. This proxy statement constitutes that notice
to you, and a copy of Section 262 is attached to this proxy
statement as Annex E.

Holders of shares of Ramsay Youth Services common
stock who desire to exercise their appraisal rights must not
vote in favor of the merger and must deliver a separate written
demand for appraisal to Ramsay Youth Services prior to the vote
by the stockholders of Ramsay Youth Services on the merger at
the special meeting. A demand for appraisal must be executed by
or on behalf of the stockholder of record and must reasonably
inform Ramsay Youth Services of the identity of the stockholder
of record and that the stockholder intends to demand appraisal
of his or her shares. A proxy or vote against the merger will
not by itself constitute that demand. The written demand for
appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any proxy or
vote. Any stockholder making such a demand must thereafter
continue to hold his or her shares of record until the effective
time of the merger to be eligible for appraisal rights. Within
ten days after the effective time of the merger, Ramsay Youth
Services must provide notice of the effective time to all
stockholders who have complied with Section 262.

A stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal
rights should mail or deliver his or her written demand to
Ramsay Youth Services, Inc., One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750,
Coral Gables, Florida 33134, attention: Chief Financial Officer.

A person having a beneficial interest in shares
of Ramsay Youth Services common stock that are held of record in
the name of another person, such as a broker, fiduciary,
depositary or other nominee, must act promptly to cause the
record holder to follow the steps summarized in this proxy
statement properly and in a timely manner to perfect appraisal
rights. If the shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock are
owned of record by a person other than the beneficial owner,
including a broker, fiduciary (such as a trustee, guardian or
custodian), depositary or other nominee, the demand for
appraisal must be executed by or for the record owner. If the
shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock are owned of record
by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in
common, the demand must be executed by or for all joint owners.
An authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint
owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder
of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner and
expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand, such
person is acting as agent for the record owner. If a stockholder
holds shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock through a
broker who in turn holds the shares through a central securities
depository nominee such as Cede & Co., a demand for
appraisal of such shares must be made by or on behalf of the
depository nominee and must identify the depository nominee as
record holder.

A record holder, such as a broker, fiduciary,
depositary or other nominee, who holds shares of Ramsay Youth
Services common stock as a nominee for others, may exercise
appraisal rights with respect to the shares held for all or less
than all beneficial owners of shares as to which such person is
the record owner. In such case, the written demand must set
forth the number of shares covered by the demand. Where the
number of shares is not expressly stated, the demand will be
presumed to cover all shares of Ramsay Youth Services common
stock outstanding in the name of the record owner.

Within 120 days after the effective time of
the merger, either Ramsay Youth Services or any stockholder who
has complied with the provisions of Section 262 may file a
petition in the Delaware Court, with a copy



served on Ramsay Youth Services in the case of a
petition filed by a stockholder, demanding a determination of
the fair value of the shares of all stockholders who have
properly demanded appraisal rights. There is no present intent
on the part of Ramsay Youth Services to file an appraisal
petition and stockholders seeking to exercise appraisal rights
should not assume that Ramsay Youth Services will file a
petition for appraisal. Accordingly, holders of Ramsay Youth
Services common stock who desire to have their shares appraised
should initiate any petitions necessary for the perfection of
their appraisal rights within the time periods and in the manner
set forth in Section 262. Within 120 days after the
effective time of the merger, any stockholder who has complied
with the provisions of Section 262 to that point in time
will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from Ramsay
Youth Services a statement setting forth the aggregate number of
shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock not voted in favor
of the merger agreement and with respect to which demands for
appraisal were received by Ramsay Youth Services and the number
of holders of the shares. This statement must be mailed
(a) within 10 days after the written request has been
received by Ramsay Youth Services or (b) within
10 days after the expiration of the period for the delivery
of demands as described above, whichever is later.

If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed,
at the hearing on the petition, the Delaware Court will
determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights.
The Delaware Court may require the stockholders who have
demanded an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock
represented by stock certificates to submit their certificates
to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency
of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to
comply with this requirement, the Delaware Court may dismiss the
proceedings as to that stockholder. Where proceedings are not
dismissed, the Delaware Court will appraise the shares of Ramsay
Youth Services common stock owned by stockholders who have
perfected their appraisal rights, determining the fair value of
their shares exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a
fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount
determined to be the fair value.

Although Ramsay Youth Services believes that the
merger consideration is fair, no representation is made as to
the outcome of the appraisal of fair value as determined by the
Delaware Court and stockholders should recognize that such an
appraisal could result in a determination of a value higher or
lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Moreover,
Ramsay Youth Services does not anticipate offering more than the
merger consideration to any stockholder exercising appraisal
rights and reserves the right to assert, in any appraisal
proceeding, that, for purposes of Section 262, the
fair value of a share of Ramsay Youth Services
common stock is less than the merger consideration. In
determining fair value, the Delaware Court is
required to take into account all relevant factors. In

Weinberger v. UOP, Inc.
, the Delaware Supreme Court
discussed the factors that could be considered in determining
fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that proof
of value by any techniques or methods which are generally
considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise
admissible in court should be considered and that
[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all
relevant factors involving the value of a company. The
Delaware Supreme Court has stated that in making this
determination of fair value the court must consider market
value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of
the enterprise and any other facts which could be ascertained as
of the date of the merger which throw any light on future
prospects of the merged corporation. Section 262 provides
that fair value is to be exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
merger. In 
Cede & Co. v. Technicolor,
Inc.
, the Delaware Supreme Court stated that this exclusion
is a narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known
elements of value, but rather applies only to the
speculative elements of value arising from such accomplishment
or expectation. In 
Weinberger
, the Delaware Supreme Court
construed Section 262 to mean that elements of future
value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known
or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the
product of speculation, may be considered.

The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be
determined by the Delaware Court and taxed against the parties
as the Delaware Court deems equitable in the circumstances.
However, costs do not include attorneys and expert witness
fees. Each stockholder exercising appraisal rights is
responsible for his or her attorneys and expert witness
expenses, although, upon application of a stockholder party to
the appraisal proceeding, the Delaware Court may order that all
or a portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in
connection with



the appraisal proceeding, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and the fees and
expenses of experts, be charged pro rata against the value of
all shares of stock entitled to appraisal.

Any holder of shares of Ramsay Youth Services
common stock who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 will not, after the effective time of the
merger, be entitled to vote the shares subject to the demand or
to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the
shares, except for dividends or distributions payable to
stockholders of record at a date prior to the effective time of
the merger.

At any time within 60 days after the
effective time of the merger, any stockholder will have the
right to withdraw a demand for appraisal and to accept the terms
offered in the merger; after this period, the stockholder may
withdraw the demand only with the consent of Ramsay Youth
Services. If no petition for appraisal is filed with the
Delaware Court within 120 days after the effective time of
the merger, stockholders rights to appraisal will cease,
and all holders of shares of Ramsay Youth Services common stock
will be entitled to receive the consideration offered pursuant
to the merger agreement. Because Ramsay Youth Services has no
obligation to file a petition for appraisal, and has no present
intention to do so, any holder of shares of Ramsay Youth
Services common stock who desires a petition to be filed is
advised to file it on a timely basis. Any stockholder may
withdraw his or her demand for appraisal by delivering to Ramsay
Youth Services a written withdrawal of his or her demand for
appraisal and acceptance of the merger consideration, except
that (a) any attempt to withdraw made more than
60 days after the effective time of the merger will require
written approval of Ramsay Youth Services and (b) no
appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court shall be dismissed as
to any stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Court,
and approval may be conditioned upon any terms the Delaware
Court deems just.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS

The following table sets forth the shares of
common stock of Ramsay Youth Services beneficially owned as of
May [     ], 2003 by Ramsay Youth
Services directors, chief executive officer and four other
most highly compensated executive officers, by persons known to
possess voting or dispositive power over more than 5% of Ramsay
Youth Services outstanding common stock and by all the
foregoing and other current executive officers of Ramsay Youth
Services as a group.

Number of

Percentage

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Title of Class

Shares Owned(1)

of Class(1)

Paul J. Ramsay

Common

6,069,629

(2)

60.82

%

Paul Ramsay Group

154 Pacific Highway

St. Leonards, NSW

Australia

Paul Ramsay Hospitals Pty. Limited

Common

5,697,047

(3)

59.27

%

c/o Torys LLP

237 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Paul Ramsay Holdings Pty. Limited

Common

4,721,024

(3)

50.29

%

c/o Torys LLP

237 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Ramsay Holdings HSA Limited

Common

906,352

(3)

9.74

%

c/o Torys LLP

237 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Heartland Advisors, Inc. 

Common

771,400

(4)

8.29

%

790 North Milwaukee Street

Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202



Number of

Percentage

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Title of Class

Shares Owned(1)

of Class(1)

Luis E. Lamela

Common

1,065,709

(5)

10.85

%

One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750

Coral Gables, Florida 33134

Marcio C. Cabrera

Common

133,333

(6)

1.41

%

Isabel M. Diaz

Common

127,482

(7)

1.35

%

Jorge Rico

Common

100,000

(8)

1.06

%

Aaron Beam, Jr. 

Common

16,944

*

Peter J. Evans

Common

22,583

*

Thomas M. Haythe

Common

105,491

(9)

1.12

%

Steven J. Shulman

Common

25,916

*

Michael S. Siddle

Common

105,916

1.13

%

All directors and executive officers as a group
    (10 persons)

Common

8,046,962

(2)(5)(6)(7)(8)(9)

70.11

%

  *

Indicates ownership percentage of less than one
    percent (1%).

(1) 

Includes all shares that each named person is
    entitled to receive within 60 days, through the exercise of
    any option, warrant, conversion right, or similar arrangement.
    Such shares are deemed to be owned and outstanding by such
    person individually for purposes of calculating the number of
    shares owned and the percentage of class for each such named
    person, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of such
    calculations for any other named person.

(2) 

Mr. Ramsays beneficial ownership of
    Common Stock consists of (i) 5,916 shares of Common Stock
    owned directly by Mr. Ramsay, (ii) 366,666 shares of
    Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of exercisable options
    to purchase shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Ramsay,
    (iii) 906,352 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by
    Ramsay Holdings, (iv) 4,721,024 shares of Common Stock
    beneficially owned by Holdings Pty., which includes all shares
    beneficially owned by Ramsay Holdings, and (v) 5,697,047
    shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Hospitals Pty.,
    which includes all shares beneficially owned by Ramsay Holdings
    and Holdings Pty. The shares beneficially owned by Ramsay
    Holdings consist of 906,352 shares of Common Stock owned of
    record by Ramsay Holdings. The shares beneficially owned by
    Holdings Pty. consist of 3,731,339 shares of Common Stock
    owned of record by Holdings Pty., 83,333 shares of Common
    Stock issuable upon the exercise of exercisable warrants to
    purchase shares of Common Stock held by Holdings, Pty. and the
    906,352 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Ramsay
    Holdings. The shares beneficially owned by Hospitals Pty.
    consist of 751,024 shares of Common Stock owned of record
    by Hospitals Pty., 224,999 shares of Common Stock issuable
    upon the exercise of exercisable warrants to purchase shares of
    Common Stock held by Hospitals Pty. and the
    4,721,024 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by
    Holdings Pty.

(3) 

These shares are included in the beneficial
    ownership of Paul J. Ramsay and are discussed in
    footnote (2) above.

(4) 

Information as to the holdings of Heartland
    Advisors, Inc. (HAI) is based upon a report on
    Schedule 13G filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission. Such report indicates that HAI owned no shares with
    sole voting power and 771,400 shares with sole dispositive
    power. Such report indicates that HAI is an investment adviser
    registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.

(5) 

Includes 152,237 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of exercisable warrants to purchase
    shares of Common Stock and 366,666 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of exercisable stock options to
    purchase shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Lamela.

(6) 

Includes 133,333 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of exercisable stock options to
    purchase shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Cabrera.



(7) 

Includes 16,930 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of exercisable warrants to purchase
    shares of Common Stock and 100,000 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of exercisable stock options to
    purchase shares of Common Stock held by Ms. Diaz.

(8) 

Includes 100,000 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of exercisable stock options to
    purchase shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Rico.

(9) 

Includes 4,900 shares of Common Stock held
    in a pension plan for the benefit of Mr. Haythe and
    83,333 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
    currently exercisable options to purchase shares of Common Stock
    held by Mr. Haythe.

OTHER MATTERS

The board of directors does not know of any other
matters that may be brought before the special meeting. However,
if any such other matters are properly presented for action, it
is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying form
of proxy to vote the shares represented thereby in accordance
with their best judgment on such matters.

Additional Information

Future Stockholder
Proposals.
 If the merger is completed,
no 2003 annual meeting of stockholders of Ramsay Youth Services
will be held because, following the merger, we will not be a
publicly held company. If the merger is not completed for any
reason, our 2003 annual meeting of stockholders will
subsequently be scheduled and the following paragraph will be
applicable thereto. Stockholder proposals intended to be
considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for presentation
at the 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must be received by
us in writing at our principal executive offices a reasonable
time before we begin to print and mail our proxy materials for
the 2003 annual meeting of stockholders. All proposals received
will be subject to the applicable rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission. With regard to stockholders who intend to
present a proposal at the 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
without including the proposal in our proxy statement and fail
to submit the proposal a reasonable time before we mail our
proxy materials, the persons named as proxies in the proxy card
accompanying the proxy statement for the 2003 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders will be allowed to use their discretionary voting
authority when the proposal is raised at the meeting, without
any discussion of the matter in our proxy statement for the 2003
Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Multiple Stockholders Having The Same
Address.
 Stockholders that reside at
the same address and own shares of our common stock through a
broker have likely received a notice from their broker notifying
them that their household will be sent only one proxy statement.
If the stockholders did not return the opt-out card
attached to such notice, they were deemed to have consented to
this process. The broker or other holder of record will send at
least one copy of the proxy statement to the stockholders at
their address. Consent may be revoked at any time upon written
request with the stockholders name, the name of the
brokerage firm and the stockholders account number to
Isabel M. Diaz at the address below. Stockholders that reside at
the same address and own shares of our common stock through a
broker who received multiple copies of the proxy statement may
request that only one copy of the proxy statement be sent in the
future by making written request with the stockholders
names, the name of the brokerage firm and the stockholders
account numbers to Isabel M. Diaz at the address below.
Additional copies of the proxy statement will be mailed out
promptly upon written or oral request to Isabel M. Diaz,
Executive Vice President of Corporate Relations, Ramsay Youth
Services, Inc., One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750, Coral
Gables, Florida 33134, telephone: (305) 569-4626.

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

In connection with the safe-harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995, Ramsay Youth Services notes that this proxy statement
contains forward-looking statements about Ramsay Youth Services.
Ramsay Youth Services is hereby setting forth cautionary
statements identifying important



factors that may cause Ramsay Youth
Services actual results to differ materially from those
set forth in any forward-looking statements or information made
by or on behalf of or concerning Ramsay Youth Services. Some of
the most significant factors include (i) accelerating
changes occurring in the behavioral healthcare and at-risk youth
industry, including competition from consolidating and
integrated provider systems and limitations on reimbursement
rates, (ii) federal and state governmental budgetary
constraints which could have the effect of limiting the amount
of funds available to support governmental programs,
(iii) statutory, regulatory and administrative changes or
interpretations of existing statutory and regulatory provisions
affecting the conduct of Ramsay Youth Services business
and affecting current and prior reimbursement for Ramsay Youth
Services services, and (iv) fluctuations in the
numbers of patients receiving treatment in our health care
treatment programs. There can be no assurance that any
anticipated future results will be achieved. As a result of the
factors identified above, and including any other factors,
Ramsay Youth Services actual results or financial
condition could vary significantly from the performance or
expectation set forth in any forward-looking statements or
information.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

We file annual, quarterly and special reports,
proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Our SEC filings are available to the
public over the Internet at the SECs web site at
http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we
file at the SECs public reference room at 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference
room.

Statements contained in this proxy statement
regarding the contents of any contract or other document are not
necessarily complete and each such statement is qualified in its
entirety by reference to such contract or other document filed
as an exhibit with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

You may request a copy of these filings at no
cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address:

Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.

One Alhambra Plaza

Suite 750

Coral Gables, Florida 33134

Telephone: (305) 569-6993

If you would like to request documents from us,
please do so at least five business days before the date of the
special meeting in order to receive timely delivery of such
documents prior to the special meeting.

This proxy statement does not constitute the
solicitation of a proxy in any jurisdiction to or from any
person to whom or from whom it is unlawful to make such proxy
solicitation in such jurisdiction. You should rely only on the
information contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement to vote your shares at the special meeting. We have
not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is
different from what is contained in this proxy statement. This
proxy statement is dated [ ], 2003. You should not assume that
the information contained in this proxy statement is accurate as
of any date other than that date, and the mailing of this proxy
statement to stockholders does not create any implication to the
contrary.



ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

BETWEEN

RAMSAY YOUTH SERVICES, INC.

PSYCHIATRIC SOLUTIONS, INC.

AND

PSI ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

As of April 8, 2003

A-1





Page

Article I. INTERPRETATION

A-5

SECTION 1.01

Definitions

A-5

SECTION 1.02

Interpretation

A-7

Article II. THE MERGER

A-7

SECTION 2.01

The Merger

A-7

SECTION 2.02

Closing

A-8

SECTION 2.03

Effective Time

A-8

SECTION 2.04

Effects of the Merger

A-8

SECTION 2.05

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

A-8

SECTION 2.06

Directors

A-8

SECTION 2.07

Officers

A-8

SECTION 2.08

Additional Actions

A-8

Article III. EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON
    THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS

A-9

SECTION 3.01

Effect on Capital Stock

A-9

SECTION 3.02

Options, Warrants and ESPP

A-9

SECTION 3.03

Appraisal Rights

A-9

SECTION 3.04

Payment

A-10

Article IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND
    WARRANTIES

A-11

SECTION 4.01

Representations and Warranties of the Company

A-11

(a) Organization, Standing and Corporate
    Power

A-11

(b) Subsidiaries

A-11

(c) Capital Structure

A-11

(d) Authority; Noncontravention

A-12

(e) SEC Documents and Financial Statements

A-13

(f)  Absence of Certain Changes or
    Events

A-13

(g) Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities;
    Guarantees

A-14

(h) Litigation

A-14

(i)  Permits; Compliance with
    Applicable Laws

A-14

(j)  Compliance with Fraud and
    Abuse/Stark Statutes

A-15

(k) Provider Numbers

A-15

(l)  HIPAA Matters

A-15

(m) Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans

A-16

(n) ERISA Compliance

A-16

(o) Taxes

A-17

(p) Contracts

A-18

(q) Voting Requirements

A-19

(r)  Ownership of Property; Liens

A-19

(s)  Brokers

A-20

(t)  Restrictions on Business Activities

A-20

A-2



Page

(u) Environmental Matters

A-20

(v) Intellectual Property

A-21

(w) Insurance

A-22

(x) Opinion of Financial Advisor

A-22

(y) The Company Rights Agreement

A-22

(z) Transactions with Affiliates

A-22

SECTION 4.02

Representations and Warranties of Purchaser and
    the Merger Subsidiary

A-23

(a) Organization, Standing and Corporate
    Power

A-23

(b) Authority; Noncontravention

A-23

(c) Brokers

A-24

(d) Interim Operations of the Merger
    Subsidiary

A-24

(e) Ownership Interest in the Company

A-24

(f)  Financial Capacity

A-24

(g) No Other Representations or Warranties
    by the Seller

A-24

Article V. COVENANTS RELATING TO
    CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

A-25

SECTION 5.01

Conduct of Business

A-25

SECTION 5.02

No Solicitation by the Company

A-26

Article VI. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

A-27

SECTION 6.01

Stockholders Meeting; Preparation of Proxy
    Statement

A-27

SECTION 6.02

Access to Information; Confidentiality

A-28

SECTION 6.03

Commercially Reasonable Efforts

A-28

SECTION 6.04

Certain Employee Matters

A-28

SECTION 6.05

Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance

A-29

SECTION 6.06

Public Announcements

A-30

SECTION 6.07

Financing

A-30

SECTION 6.08

Notification of Certain Matters

A-31

SECTION 6.09

Resignations

A-31

SECTION 6.10

Financial Statements

A-31

SECTION 6.11

Severance Payments

A-31

SECTION 6.12

Exemption from State Takeover Laws

A-31

Article VII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

A-31

SECTION 7.01

Mutual Conditions

A-31

SECTION 7.02

Additional Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser
    and the Merger Subsidiary

A-32

SECTION 7.03

Additional Conditions to Obligations of the
    Company

A-33

Article VIII. TERMINATION, AMENDMENT
    AND WAIVER

A-34

SECTION 8.01

Termination

A-34

SECTION 8.02

Effect of Termination

A-34

SECTION 8.03

Amendment

A-35

A-3



Page

SECTION 8.04

Extension; Waiver

A-35

SECTION 8.05

Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension
    or Waiver

A-35

Article IX. GENERAL PROVISIONS

A-36

SECTION 9.01

Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties

A-36

SECTION 9.02

Notices

A-36

SECTION 9.03

Counterparts

A-36

SECTION 9.04

Governing Law

A-37

SECTION 9.05

Assignment

A-37

SECTION 9.06

Enforcement

A-37

SECTION 9.07

Tax Treatment

A-37

SECTION 9.08

Entire Agreement

A-37

SECTION 9.09

Invalid Provision

A-37

A-4



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of
April 8, 2003 (this Agreement), among Ramsay
Youth Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), Psychiatric Solutions, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Purchaser), and PSI Acquisition Sub,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Merger Subsidiary).

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS

WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of
the Company, the Merger Subsidiary and Purchaser have approved
this Agreement and declared that it is advisable that the Merger
Subsidiary merge with and into the Company (the
Merger) pursuant to, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the DGCL), and that the Merger,
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, would
be fair to and in the best interests of their respective
stockholders.

WHEREAS, in the Merger, each of the issued and
outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, $.01 par
value per share (the Company Common Stock which term
also refers to and includes, unless the context otherwise
requires, the associated Company Rights as defined below), will
be converted into the right to receive cash consideration of
$5.00 per share (the Per Share Amount).

WHEREAS, Purchaser, the Merger Subsidiary and the
Company desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also
to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
contained in this Agreement, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which all parties
hereby acknowledge, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

INTERPRETATION

SECTION
1.01     
Definitions.
 In this
Agreement:

An 
Affiliate
 of any person
means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or
more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with such first person.

Business Day

means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday and Friday which is not a day on which banking
institutions in The City of New York are authorized or obligated
by law or executive order to close.

Financing

means aggregate proceeds sufficient to pay the aggregate Per
Share Amount and Option Consideration, to repay the indebtedness
of the Company and its subsidiaries on the Closing Date and to
pay all fees and expenses related to the transactions described
in this Agreement.

Knowledge

or 
Awareness
 of any person which is not an
individual (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) means
the actual knowledge of such persons executive officers
based upon a reasonable investigation, and in the case of the
Company and its subsidiaries, the actual knowledge of Luis E.
Lamela, Marcio C. Cabrera and Jorge L. Rico based upon a
reasonable investigation.

Law

means any federal, state, provincial,
local or other law, order, decree, judgment or other requirement
of any kind of any Governmental Entity, and the rules,
regulations and orders promulgated thereunder.

Material Adverse
Change
 or 
Material
Adverse Effect
 means, when used in connection with the
Company or Purchaser, any change, effect, event or occurrence
that is or would reasonably be expected to be materially adverse
to the assets, business, operations, condition (financial or
other), or results of operations of such person and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than any change, effect,
event or occurrence (i) affecting (a) the healthcare
industry generally (unless such change, effect, event or
occurrence has a

A-5



disproportionate impact on the Company and its
subsidiaries), (b) the United States securities markets
generally or (c) economic or political conditions generally
or (ii) arising from or relating to the execution, delivery
or announcement of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, including, any effects on customers,
suppliers or personnel. The terms material and
materially have correlative meanings.

Out of the Money
Options
 means those Options and
Warrants which provide for an exercise price per share of
Company Common Stock which is greater than or equal to the
Merger Consideration.

Person

means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated
organization or other entity.

A 
Subsidiary
 of any person
means another person, an amount of the voting securities, other
voting ownership or voting partnership interests which are
sufficient to elect at least a majority of its Board of
Directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such
voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of which)
is owned directly or indirectly by such first person.

In addition, the following capitalized terms are
defined in the following Sections:

Acquisition Proposal

5.02

Benefit Plans

4.01(n)(i)

Certificates

3.04(b)

Closing Date

2.02

CMS

4.01(k)

Code

4.01(n)(i)

Commitment Letter

6.07

Common Shares

3.01(c)(i)

Company

preamble

Company Benefit Plans

4.01(n)

Company Common Stock

preliminary statements

Company Material Breach

8.01(c)

Company Rights

4.01(c)

Company Rights Agreement

4.01(c)

Company Rights Plan Amendment

4.01(y)

Company Rights

4.01(c)

Company SEC Documents

4.01(e)

Company Stock Plans

4.01(c)

Company Stockholder Approval

4.01(q)

Contracts

4.01(p)

Covered Entities

4.01(l)

DGCL

preliminary statements

Dissenting Shares

3.03(a)

Effective Time

2.03

ERISA

4.01(n)(i)

ERISA Affiliate

4.01(n)(x)

ESPP

3.02(b)

Exchange Act

4.01(d)(ii)

Federal Privacy Regulations

4.01(l)

Federal Transaction Regulations

4.01(l)

Financing

4.02(f)

A-6



Governmental Entity

4.01(d)(ii)

HCFA

4.01(k)

HIPAA

4.01(l)

HSR Act

4.01(d)(ii)

Highly Confident Letter

4.02(f)

Liens

4.01(b)

Merger

preliminary statements

Merger Consideration

3.01(c)(i)

Merger Subsidiary

preamble

Non-Disclosure Agreement

5.02

Option

3.02(a)

Option Consideration

3.02(a)

Paying Agent

3.04(a)

Payment Fund

3.04(a)

Per Share Amount

preliminary statements

Permitted Liens

4.01(r)

Provider Numbers

4.01(k)

Proxy Statement

4.01(d)(ii)

Purchaser

preamble

Purchaser Material Breach

8.01(e)

Real Property

4.01(r)

Resignations

6.09

SEC

4.01(d)(ii)

Securities Act

4.01(e)

Stockholders Meeting

6.01(a)

Superior Proposal

5.02

Surviving Corporation

2.01

Tax

4.01(o)(vi)

Warrant

3.02

Workforce

4.01(l)(iii)

SECTION 1.02     
Interpretation.

(i) Whenever herein the singular number is used, the same
shall include the plural where appropriate, and words of any
gender shall include each other gender where appropriate.

(ii) Unless otherwise expressly provided,
    the words include, includes and
    including do not limit the preceding words or terms
    and shall be deemed to be followed by the words without
    limitation. The words hereof,
    herein and hereunder and words of
    similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this
    Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
    Agreement.

(iii) The captions and headings used in this
    Agreement are for convenience only and do not in any way affect,
    limit, amplify or modify the provisions hereof.

ARTICLE II

THE MERGER

SECTION 2.01     
The
Merger.
 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, the
Merger Subsidiary will be merged with and into the Company at
the Effective Time. Following the Merger, the separate corporate
existence of the Merger Subsidiary will cease

A-7



and the Company will continue as the surviving
corporation (the Surviving Corporation) and will
succeed to and assume all rights and obligations of the Company
and of the Merger Subsidiary in accordance with the DGCL.

SECTION 2.02     
Closing.

The closing of the Merger will take place at 10:00 a.m. on
a date to be specified by the parties, which will be no later
than the second Business Day after satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VII (the Closing
Date), at the offices of Waller Lansden Dortch &
Davis, PLLC, 511 Union Street, Nashville, TN 37219, unless
another time, date or place is agreed to by the parties to this
Agreement.

SECTION 2.03     
Effective
Time.
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon
as practicable on or after the Closing Date, the parties will
prepare, execute and acknowledge and thereafter file a
certificate of merger in such form as is required by the DGCL
and will make all other filings or recordings required under the
DGCL. The Merger will become effective at such time as such
filings are made with the Delaware Secretary of State, or at
such later time as the Merger Subsidiary and the Company agree
and is specified in such filings (the date and time of such
filing, or such later date or time as may be set forth therein,
being the Effective Time).

SECTION 2.04     
Effects
of the Merger.
 The Merger will have the effects set forth in
Section 259 of the DGCL and all other effects specified in
the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without limiting the
foregoing, at the Effective Time, all properties, rights,
privileges, powers, and franchises of the Company and the Merger
Subsidiary will vest in the Surviving Corporation and all debts,
liabilities, obligations, and duties of the Company and the
Merger Subsidiary will become the debts, liabilities,
obligations, and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

SECTION 2.05     
Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws.
 At the Effective Time, the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation will be amended to be identical to the certificate
of incorporation and bylaws, respectively, of the Merger
Subsidiary as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
(except (i) that the name of the Surviving Corporation will
be changed to Psychiatric Solutions of Coral Gables, Inc.,
(ii) that the incorporator of the Surviving Corporation
will not change in the Merger and (iii) as otherwise
provided in Section 6.05).

SECTION 2.06     
Directors.

The directors of the Merger Subsidiary at the Effective Time
will continue as the directors of the Surviving Corporation
until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the
case may be.

SECTION 2.07     
Officers.

The officers of the Merger Subsidiary at the Effective Time and
the individuals set forth on Schedule 2.07 will continue as
officers of the Surviving Corporation and will hold office until
the earlier of their death, resignation or removal.

SECTION 2.08     
Additional
Actions.
 If, at any time after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation considers or is advised that any deeds,
bills of sale, assignments, assurances or any other actions or
things are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm of
record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation its right,
title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties
or assets of the Merger Subsidiary or the Company or otherwise
to carry out this Agreement, the officers and directors of the
Surviving Corporation will be authorized to execute and deliver,
in the name and on behalf of the Merger Subsidiary or the
Company, all such deeds, bills of sale, assignments and
assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the
Merger Subsidiary or the Company, all such other actions and
things as may be necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or
confirm any and all right, title and interest in, to and under
such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation
or otherwise to carry out this Agreement.

A-8



ARTICLE III

EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK

OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS

SECTION 3.01     
Effect
on Capital Stock.
 At the Effective Time, subject to
Section 3.03 below, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the Company, the Merger Subsidiary,
Purchaser or the holders of any shares of capital stock of the
Company or any shares of capital stock of the Merger Subsidiary:

(a) Each share of the capital stock of the
    Merger Subsidiary issued and outstanding immediately prior to
    the Effective Time will be converted into and become one fully
    paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving
    Corporation;

(b) Each share of Company Common Stock that
    is owned by the Company or by any wholly-owned subsidiary of the
    Company and each share of Company Common Stock that is owned by
    Purchaser, the Merger Subsidiary or any other subsidiary of
    Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective Time will
    automatically be canceled without any conversion thereof and no
    consideration will be delivered with respect thereto; and

(c) (i) Except for shares to be
    canceled in accordance with Section 3.01(b) and except for
    Dissenting Shares, each share of the Company Common Stock issued
    and outstanding as of the Effective Time (the Common
    Shares) will be automatically canceled and extinguished
    and converted into the right to receive in cash the Per Share
    Amount (the Merger Consideration), without interest,
    upon surrender of the certificate formerly representing such
    Common Shares in accordance with Section 3.04.

(ii) As of the Effective Time, each
    certificate previously representing any Common Shares will
    thereafter represent the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration. The holders of such certificates previously
    representing the Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to
    the Effective Time will cease to have any rights with respect to
    such Common Shares as of the Effective Time, except as otherwise
    provided in this Agreement or by applicable law. Such
    certificates previously representing Common Shares will be
    exchanged for the Merger Consideration upon the surrender of
    such certificates in accordance with provisions of
    Section 3.04, without interest.

SECTION 3.02     
Options,
Warrants and ESPP.
 (a) At the Effective Time,
(i) each outstanding option to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock granted under the Company Stock Plans, whether or
not then exercisable (the Options), and
(ii) each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock, whether or not then exercisable (the
Warrants), shall be converted into a right to
receive the Merger Consideration less the applicable option or
warrant, as applicable, exercise price per share, less
applicable federal and state tax withholding obligations of the
Option holder or Warrant holder (the Option
Consideration). In the event that the exercise price of an
Option or Warrant is greater than the Merger Consideration, then
at the Effective Time such Option or Warrant shall be canceled
without any payment made in exchange therefor. At the Effective
Time, the Company Stock Plans shall be deemed terminated.

(b) Outstanding purchase rights under the
    Companys Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
    shall expire immediately prior to the Effective Time, and the
    entire amount credited to the stock purchase account of each
    participant in the ESPP at the Effective Time shall be refunded
    to the participant, without interest. At the Effective Time, the
    ESPP shall be deemed terminated.

SECTION 3.03     
Appraisal
Rights.
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, Common Shares that are issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time and that are held by
stockholders that are entitled to demand and have properly
demanded appraisal of their Common Shares under the DGCL and
have complied in all respects with the requirements of the DGCL
concerning the right of a stockholder of the Company to demand
appraisal of such Common Shares and that, as of the Effective
Time, have not effectively withdrawn or lost such right to
appraisal (the Dissenting Shares) will not be
converted into or represent a right to receive the Merger
Consideration, but the holders of such Dissenting Shares will be
entitled only to such rights as are provided under
Section 262 of the DGCL. Each holder of

A-9



Dissenting Shares that becomes entitled to
payment for such Dissenting Shares pursuant to Section 262
of the DGCL will receive payment for such Dissenting Shares from
the Surviving Corporation in accordance with the DGCL; provided,
however, that to the extent that any holder or holders of Common
Shares have failed to establish the entitlement to appraisal
rights as provided in Section 262 of the DGCL, such holder
or holders (as the case may be) will forfeit the right to
appraisal of such Common Shares and each such Common Share will
thereupon be deemed to have been converted, as of the Effective
Time, into and represent the right to receive payment from the
Surviving Corporation of the Merger Consideration, without
interest.

(b) The Company will give Purchaser and the
    Merger Subsidiary (i) prompt notice of any written demands
    for appraisal, withdrawals of demands for appraisal, and any
    other instrument served pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL
    received by the Company, and (ii) the opportunity to direct
    all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for
    appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL. The Company will not,
    except with the express written consent of Purchaser,
    voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for
    appraisal or settle or offer to settle any such demands.

SECTION 3.04     
Payment.

(a) Prior to the Effective Time, the Merger Subsidiary will
appoint a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the
Company as agent for the holders of Common Shares (the
Paying Agent) to receive and disburse the Merger
Consideration to which holders of Common Shares become entitled
pursuant to Section 3.01(c) and the Option Consideration to
which holders of Options and Warrants become entitled pursuant
to Section 3.02(a). At the Effective Time, the Merger
Subsidiary or Purchaser will provide the Paying Agent with
sufficient cash to allow the Merger Consideration and the Option
Consideration to be paid by the Paying Agent for each Common
Share then entitled to receive the Merger Consideration and each
Option and Warrant then entitled to receive the Option
Consideration, respectively (the Payment Fund).

(b) Promptly after the Effective Time, the
    Surviving Corporation or Purchaser will cause the Paying Agent
    to mail to each record holder of a certificate or certificates
    that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented Common
    Shares (the Certificates), a form of letter of
    transmittal (which will specify that delivery will be effected,
    and risk of loss and title to the Certificates will pass, only
    upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent)
    and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the
    Certificates for payment.

(i) Upon surrender to the Paying Agent of a
    Certificate, together with such letter of transmittal duly
    executed and completed in accordance with its instructions and
    such other documents as may be reasonably requested, the holder
    of such Certificate will be entitled to receive in exchange for
    such Certificate, less any required withholding taxes, the
    Merger Consideration and such Certificate will forthwith be
    canceled. No interest will be paid or accrued on the Merger
    Consideration upon the surrender of the Certificates.

(ii) If payment or delivery is to be made to
    a person other than the person in whose name the Certificate
    surrendered is registered, it will be a condition of payment or
    delivery that the Certificate so surrendered be properly
    endorsed, with signature properly guaranteed, or otherwise be in
    proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such
    payment or delivery pay any transfer or other taxes required by
    reason of the payment or delivery to a person other than the
    registered holder of the Certificate surrendered or establish to
    the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that such tax has
    been paid or is not applicable.

(iii) Subject to Section 3.03, until
    surrendered in accordance with the provisions of this
    Section 3.04(b), each Certificate (other than Certificates
    held by persons referred to in Section 3.01(b)) will
    represent for all purposes only the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration, without interest and less any required
    withholding taxes.

(c) Promptly following the Effective Time,
    the Surviving Corporation or the Purchaser will cause the Paying
    Agent to pay the Option Consideration from the Payment Fund to
    each holder of Options or Warrants.

A-10



(d) Promptly following the date that is six
    (6) months after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent will
    return to the Surviving Corporation all cash, certificates, and
    other property in its possession that constitute any portion of
    the Payment Fund (including any interest received with respect
    thereto), and the duties of the Paying Agent will terminate.
    Thereafter, each holder of a Certificate formerly representing a
    Common Share or Common Shares shall be entitled to look to the
    Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned property, escheat or
    other similar laws) only as general creditors thereof with
    respect to the Merger Consideration payable upon due surrender
    of their Certificates without any interest thereon.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Company, the Merger
    Subsidiary, the Surviving Corporation nor the Paying Agent shall
    be liable to any holder of a Certificate for any Merger
    Consideration delivered to a public official pursuant to any
    applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Surviving Corporation will be
    entitled to receive from time to time all interest or other
    amounts earned with respect to the Payment Fund as such amounts
    accrue or become available.

(e) After the Effective Time there will be
    no registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the
    Surviving Corporation of the Common Shares that were outstanding
    immediately prior to the Effective Time. If after the Effective
    Time, any Certificate is presented to the Surviving Corporation
    or the Paying Agent, it shall be canceled and exchanged for the
    Merger Consideration, without interest and less any required
    withholding taxes, as provided for, and in accordance with the
    procedures set forth in, this Article III.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01     
Representations
and Warranties of the Company.
 The Company represents and
warrants to Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary as follows,
except as set forth on the disclosure schedules delivered by the
Company to Purchaser upon the execution of this Agreement:

(a) 
Organization, Standing and Corporate
    Power.
 Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is a
    corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly
    existing and in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions
    which recognize such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction
    in which it is organized and has the requisite corporate or
    partnership power, as the case may be, and authority to carry on
    its business as now being conducted. Each of the Company and its
    subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is
    in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize
    such concept) in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
    business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes
    such qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such
    jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
    or to be in good standing individually or in the aggregate would
    not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
    the Company. The Company has delivered or made available to
    Purchaser prior to the execution of this Agreement complete and
    correct copies of its certificate of incorporation and by-laws
    and the certificates of incorporation and by-laws (or comparable
    organizational documents) of its subsidiaries, in each case as
    amended to date.

(b) 
Subsidiaries.
 Schedule 4.01(B)
    hereto sets forth each subsidiary of the Company. Other than the
    subsidiaries listed on Schedule 4.01(B), the Company does not
    own stock or hold or control, directly or indirectly, any
    ownership interest in any other corporation, association or
    business organization. All the outstanding shares of capital
    stock of, or other equity interests in, each subsidiary of the
    Company have been validly issued and are fully paid and
    nonassessable and are owned directly or indirectly by the
    Company, free and clear of all pledges, liens, charges,
    encumbrances, rights of first refusal, options, mortgages, deeds
    of trust and security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever
    (collectively, Liens).

(c) 
Capital Structure.
 The authorized
    capital stock of the Company consists of 30,000,000 shares of
    Company Common Stock, 800,000 shares of Class A Preferred
    Stock, $1.00 par value, and 2,000,000 shares of Class B
    Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value, of which (i) 333,333
    shares have been designated as Class B Preferred Stock,
    Series 1987, $1.00 par value, (ii) 152,321 shares have been
    designated as

A-11



Series C Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value,
    (iii) 100,000 shares have been designated as
    Series 1996 Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value,
    (iv) 100,000 shares have been designated as
    Series 1997 Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value and
    (v) 4,000 shares have been designated as Series 1997-A
    Preferred Stock (collectively, the Company Preferred
    Stock). At the close of business on April 8, 2003,
    (i) 9,304,159 shares of Company Common Stock were issued
    and outstanding, (ii) 193,850 shares of Company Common
    Stock were held by the Company in its treasury and (iii) no
    shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding or
    held in the Companys treasury. All issued and outstanding
    shares of Company Common Stock are duly authorized, validly
    issued and fully paid and nonassessable. Schedule 4.01(C)
    sets forth a complete and correct list, as of the close of
    business on April 8, 2003, of the plans pursuant to which
    Options have been granted and are outstanding (the Company
    Stock Plans), the number of shares of Company Common Stock
    subject to Options and Warrants, and the exercise prices
    thereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.01(C), as of the
    close of business on April 8, 2003, there were no
    outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights or
    agreements to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
    party obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to
    issue, deliver, sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold,
    additional shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
    the Company or of any of its subsidiaries. As of the close of
    business on April 8, 2003, there were no outstanding
    contractual obligations of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
    shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries. The Company has made available to Purchaser a
    complete and correct copy of the Rights Agreement dated as of
    August 1, 1995, as amended to date (the Company
    Rights Agreement), between the Company and the rights
    agent thereunder relating to rights to purchase Company Common
    Stock (the Company Rights). All outstanding shares
    of Company Common Stock are duly included for trading on the
    Nasdaq SmallCap Market.

(d) 
Authority; Noncontravention.

    (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and
    authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to the
    Company Stockholder Approval, to consummate the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
    this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
    Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
    been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
    part of the Company, subject to the Company Stockholder
    Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
    the Company and constitutes the legal, valid and binding
    obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
    accordance with its terms. Except as set forth in
    Schedule 4.01(D)(I), the execution and delivery of this
    Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
    this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this
    Agreement do not conflict with, or result in any violation of,
    or default under, or give rise to a right of termination,
    cancellation or acceleration of any obligation under, or result
    in the creation of any Lien, upon any of the properties or
    assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries under,
    (w) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the
    Company or the comparable organizational documents of any of its
    subsidiaries, (x) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond,
    mortgage or indenture, (y) any lease or other agreement to
    which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or (z)
    subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred
    to in clause (d)(ii) below, any judgment, order, decree,
    statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries other than, with respect to
    clauses (x), (y) and (z), any such conflicts, violations,
    defaults, rights or Liens that individually or in the aggregate
    would not reasonably be expected to (1) have a material
    adverse effect on the Company, or (2) prevent or delay the
    consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement.

(ii) No consent, approval, order or
    authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with,
    any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court,
    administrative or regulatory agency or commission or other
    governmental authority or agency (a Governmental
    Entity) is required by or with respect to the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries in connection with the execution and
    delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation by
    the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
    except for (1) the filing of a premerger notification and
    report form by the Company under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
    Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act),
    if necessary; (2) the filing with the Securities and
    Exchange

A-12



Commission (the SEC) of (A) a
    proxy statement relating to the Stockholders Meeting (such proxy
    statement, as amended or supplemented from time to time, the
    Proxy Statement), and (B) such reports under
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
    and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange
    Act), as may be required in connection with this Agreement
    and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
    (3) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
    Delaware Secretary of State and appropriate documents with the
    relevant authorities of other states in which the Company is
    qualified to do business and the filing with Governmental
    Entities of appropriate documents to satisfy the applicable
    requirements of state securities or blue sky laws;
    and (4) those required filings, regulations, consents and
    approvals listed on Schedule 4.01(D)(II) hereto.

(iii) Assuming the accuracy of the
    representations and warranties in Section 4.02(e), the
    restrictions on business combinations (as defined in
    Section 203 of the DGCL) as set forth in Section 203
    of the DGCL will not apply to the Merger.

(iv) As of the date hereof, the Board of
    Directors of the Company has by a unanimous vote
    (1) determined that it is advisable and in the best
    interest of the Companys stockholders for the Company to
    enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Merger upon the
    terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement,
    (2) approved this Agreement and the transactions
    contemplated hereby in accordance with the applicable provisions
    of the DGCL, (3) authorized the performance by the Company
    of this Agreement and (4) recommended the approval of the
    Merger and adoption of this Agreement by holders of the Company
    Common Stock and directed that this Agreement be submitted for
    consideration by the Companys stockholders at a meeting of
    the stockholders of the Company to consider approval of the
    Merger and adoption of this Agreement.

(e) 
SEC Documents and Financial
    Statements.
 (i) The Company has filed all required
    reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents with
    the SEC since June 30, 1999 (the Company SEC
    Documents). As of their respective dates, the Company SEC
    Documents complied as to form in all material respects with the
    requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
    Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, as the case
    may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
    thereunder applicable to such Company SEC Documents, and none of
    the Company SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
    required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
    statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
    they were made, not misleading.

(ii) The consolidated financial statements
    of the Company included in the Company SEC Documents comply as
    to form, as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in
    all material respects, with applicable accounting requirements
    and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
    thereto, were prepared in accordance with generally accepted
    accounting principles (except, in the case of unaudited
    statements, as permitted by the rules and regulations under the
    Exchange Act) applied on a consistent basis during the periods
    involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto), and
    fairly present in all material respects the consolidated
    financial position of the Company and its consolidated
    subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their consolidated
    results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then
    ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal
    recurring year-end audit adjustments).

(f) 
Absence of Certain Changes or
    Events.
 Except (1) as disclosed in the Company SEC
    Documents, (2) for the transactions provided for herein,
    (3) for liabilities which have been or will be incurred in
    connection with or as a result of this Agreement and which are
    disclosed in Schedule 4.01(F), or (4) as otherwise
    disclosed in Schedule 4.01(F), since the date of the most
    recent consolidated financial statements included in the Company
    SEC Documents, the Company and its subsidiaries have conducted
    their businesses in the ordinary course and there has not
    occurred: (i) any change, effect or circumstance
    constituting, or which would reasonably be expected to
    constitute, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
    effect on the Company; (ii) any amendment or change in the
    Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws;
    (iii) any material changes to any Company Benefit Plan or
    other

A-13



employee benefit arrangements or agreements,
    including the establishment of any new such plans, arrangements
    or agreements or the extension of coverage under any such plans,
    arrangements or agreements to new groups of employees or other
    individuals; (iv) any material damage to, destruction or
    loss of any material asset of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries (whether or not covered by insurance); (v) any
    capital expenditure exceeding $175,000 for any single project or
    series of related projects; (vi) any material change by the
    Company in its accounting methods, principles or practices
    (other than as required by generally accepted accounting
    principles); (vii) other than in the ordinary course of
    business, any sale of a material amount of assets of the Company
    or any of its subsidiaries; or (viii) any agreement to do
    any of the foregoing.

(g) 
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities;
    Guarantees.
 Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 4.01(G), neither
    the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any material
    liabilities or obligations of any kind, whether absolute,
    accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise, except
    material liabilities, obligations or contingencies (a) to
    the extent reflected on or accrued or reserved against in the
    most recent consolidated balance sheet included in the
    Companys SEC Documents, (b) incurred in the ordinary
    course of business and consistent with past practices and which,
    individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be likely
    to have a material adverse effect on the Company, or
    (c) incurred after the date of this Agreement, out of the
    ordinary course of business, but only to the extent that such
    liabilities, obligations or contingencies are approved by the
    Purchaser pursuant to Section 5.01 hereof.

(h) 
Litigation.
 Except as set forth
    on Schedule 4.01(H), as of the date of this Agreement, there was
    no suit, action or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of
    the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, no basis for
    any such action exists, that individually or in the aggregate
    would reasonably be expected (i) to have a material adverse
    effect on the Company or (ii) to prevent or to delay the
    consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
    nor as of such date was there any judgment, order or decree of
    any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries which would reasonably be
    expected to have any effect referred to in clause (i) or
    (ii) above.

(i) 
Permits; Compliance With Applicable
    Laws.
 (i) Schedule 4.01(I)(1) contains a true and
    complete list of all licenses, certificates of occupancy,
    permits and other governmental authorizations or approvals
    (collectively, Licenses) used in and, individually
    or in the aggregate with other such Licenses, material to the
    operation of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole
    (and all pending applications for any such Licenses), setting
    forth the grantor, the grantee, the function and the expiration
    date of each. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, the
    Company has made available to the Purchaser true and complete
    copies of all such Licenses. Except as disclosed in
    Schedule 4.01(I)(2), the Company or its subsidiaries
    validly hold all such Licenses, each such License is valid,
    binding and in full force and effect, and neither the Company
    nor any subsidiary is in default (or with the giving of notice
    or lapse of time or both, would be in default) under any such
    License, except for defaults which, individually or in the
    aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect on the Company. Except as disclosed in
    Schedule 4.01(I)(3), the consummation of the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement will not result in a violation or
    termination of any License, except for violations or
    terminations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
    Company.

(ii) Since January 1, 2000, the Company
    and its subsidiaries have conducted their business in accordance
    with all applicable laws, including, without limitation,
    applicable laws relating to antitrust, consumer protection,
    equal opportunity, labor and employment, occupational safety and
    health, ERISA, pension, welfare and securities matters, except
    where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected
    to have a material adverse effect on the Company. To the
    knowledge of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries have
    not received any written notification of any asserted present or
    past failure by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to comply
    in any material respect with such laws, which failures remain
    outstanding or unremedied on the date hereof.

A-14



(j) 
Compliance With Fraud and Abuse/Stark
    Statutes.
 The Company and its subsidiaries and all persons
    and entities employed by or providing professional services to
    the Company and its subsidiaries have not engaged in any
    activities which are prohibited under 42 U.S.C.
     1320a-7b, 42 U.S.C.
     1395nn, or the regulations promulgated
    thereunder, or similar state or local statutes or regulations
    except where the failure to so comply would not, individually or
    in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect on the Company.

(k) 
Provider Numbers.
 Attached hereto
    as Schedule 4.01(K) is a complete list of all Medicaid and
    Medicare provider numbers (the Provider Numbers) in
    the name of the Company, its subsidiaries, a facility or as
    otherwise specified, which the Company is currently using in its
    operations and excluding any Medicaid and Medicare provider
    numbers for facilities which were sold or closed by the Company
    prior to the date of this Agreement. The Provider Numbers are
    active with the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services
    (CMS)/Health Care Financing Administration
    (HCFA).

(l) 
HIPAA Matters.
 (i) Each
    facility, entity or component of any entity owned or controlled
    by the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is a health plan,
    healthcare clearinghouse or healthcare provider, as such terms
    are defined in the Federal Privacy Regulations (collectively,
    the Covered Entities) is in compliance in all
    material respects with and has not violated in any material
    respect the administrative simplification section of the Health
    Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as
    codified at 42 U.S.C. Sections 1320d through d-8
    (collectively, HIPAA), the regulations contained in
    45 C.F.R. Parts 160 and 164, as amended (collectively, the
    Federal Privacy Regulations), the regulations
    contained in 45 C.F.R. Parts 160 and 162, as amended
    (collectively, the Federal Transaction Regulations)
    or applicable state privacy laws.

(ii) To the extent a Covered Entity directly
    or indirectly conducts a Transaction (as defined in the Federal
    Transaction Regulations) using Electronic Media (as defined in
    the Federal Transaction Regulations) with another covered
    entity, such Transactions use and will use in all material
    respects the standards mandated by the Federal Transaction
    Standards (as defined in the Federal Transaction Regulations).
    Each Covered Entity has submitted a compliance plan by
    October 16, 2002 seeking an extension to comply with the
    foregoing requirements which contains the information mandated
    by the Administrative Simplification Compliance Act,
    42 U.S.C. Sections 1305 and 1320d-4.

(iii) When and to the extent required by
    law, each policy relating to the privacy of patients
    Protected Health Information complies in all material respects
    with the Federal Privacy Regulations and applicable state
    privacy laws. When and to the extent required by law, each
    Covered Entity has provided its patients with a privacy notice
    that contains in all material respects all of the requirements
    of 45 C.F.R. Section 164.520(b) at the times required
    by 45 C.F.R. Section 164.520(c) and has documented
    compliance with the foregoing requirements. An accurate copy of
    each Covered Entitys privacy notice and any policy
    relating thereto, or the most recent draft thereof, has been
    made available to Purchaser. When and to the extent required by
    law, each Covered Entity and its employees, volunteers,
    trainees, and other persons whose conduct, in the performance of
    work for a Covered Entity is under the direct control of such
    entity (collectively, the Workforce) has only Used
    (as defined in the Federal Privacy Regulations) or Disclosed (as
    defined in the Federal Privacy Regulations) Protected Health
    Information in accordance in all material respects with its
    privacy notices, the Covered Entitys privacy policies
    relating to Protected Health Information and the Federal Privacy
    Regulations.

(iv) To the extent that either the Company
    or any Covered Entity maintains Group Health Plans (as defined
    in the Federal Privacy Regulations) for its employees and the
    dependents thereof, each such Group Health Plan (a) has
    implemented or will implement prior to April 14, 2003,
    policies to establish the permitted and required Uses and
    Disclosures of Protected Health Information to the plan sponsor,
    provided that such policies are not inconsistent with the
    Federal Privacy Regulations; (b) has received or will
    receive prior to April 14, 2003, certification from the
    plan sponsor that the Group Health Plan documents have been
    amended to incorporate the provisions set

A-15



forth in 45 C.F.R.
    Sections 164.504(f)(2)(ii) and (f)(iii); and
    (c) provided or will provide prior to April 14, 2003,
    its employees and their dependents covered by such Group Health
    Plan the applicable notices regarding the amendments of such
    Group Health Plan

(v) Each Covered Entity has provided or will
    provide prior to April 14, 2003 its patients the right to
    inspect, obtain a copy of, amend, receive an accounting of the
    disclosures, request an alternative means of disclosure and
    alternative locations for disclosure of Protected Health
    Information in accordance with the Federal Privacy Regulations.
    To the extent that a Covered Entity has agreed to additional
    restrictions on the use or disclosure of Protected Health
    Information requested by a patient, the Covered Entity has
    complied with such requests in all material respects.

(vi) The Company is not aware of any
    material breach by a Business Associate (as defined in the
    Federal Privacy Regulations) of any agreements between a Covered
    Entity and a Business Associate or any violation by a Business
    Associate of HIPAA, the Federal Transaction Regulations, the
    Federal Privacy Regulations, or the Federal Security Regulations.

(m) 
Absence of Changes in Benefit
    Plans.
 Since the date of the most recent consolidated
    financial statements included in the Company SEC Documents,
    except as required hereby, there has not been any adoption or
    amendment in any material respect by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries of any collective bargaining agreement or any
    pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive
    compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option,
    phantom stock or retirement plan providing benefits to any
    current or former employee, officer or director of the Company
    or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries.

(n) 
ERISA Compliance.

    (i) Schedule 4.01(N)(I) sets forth a true, complete
    and correct list of all employee benefit plans, as
    defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
    Security Act of 1974, as amended and the rules and regulations
    promulgated thereunder (collectively, ERISA), all
    benefit plans as defined in Section 6039D of the Internal
    Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations
    promulgated thereunder (the Code), and all other
    bonus, incentive compensation, deferred compensation, profit
    sharing, stock option, severance, supplemental unemployment,
    layoff, salary continuation, retirement, pension, health, life
    insurance, disability, group insurance, vacation, holiday, sick
    leave, fringe benefit or welfare plans (whether oral or written,
    qualified or non-qualified) and any trust, escrow or other
    funding arrangement related thereto (all of which are
    collectively referred to as the Benefit Plans)
    (A) which are currently maintained or contributed to by the
    Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or (B) with respect to
    which the Company has any material liability or material
    obligations to any current or former officer, Employee, or
    service provider of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or the
    dependents of any thereof, regardless of whether funded.

(ii) Neither the Company nor any ERISA
    Affiliate has been liable at any time for contributions to a
    plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code,
    Section 302 of ERISA and/or Title IV of ERISA within
    the six year period ending on the Effective Time.

(iii) The Company has heretofore made
    available to Purchaser, with respect to each of the Benefit
    Plans, true, accurate and complete copies of the following
    documents as applicable: (i) the Benefit Plan document and
    all amendments, (ii) the actuarial report, if any, for such
    Benefit Plan for each of the last three (3) years and
    (iii) all personnel, payroll and employment manuals and
    policies.

(iv) There have been no prohibited
    transactions, breaches of fiduciary duty or other breaches or
    violations of any law applicable to the Benefit Plans and
    related funding arrangements that could subject the Company, any
    subsidiary of the Company or Purchaser to any material
    liability. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.01(N)(IV),
    each Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under
    Section 401(a) of the Code has a current favorable
    determination letter (or, in the case of a standardized form or
    paired plan, a favorable opinion or notification letter), and no
    event has occurred which would reasonably be expected to cause
    any Benefit Plan to become disqualified for purposes of
    Section 401(a) of the Code. Each Benefit Plan has been
    operated in compliance with

A-16



applicable law, including Section 401(a) of
    the Code and ERISA, as applicable, and in accordance with its
    terms, except where the failure to so operate would not
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
    Company.

(v) All required reports, tax returns,
    documents and plan descriptions of the Benefit Plans have been
    timely filed with the Internal Revenue Service and the
    U.S. Department of Labor and/or, as appropriate, provided
    to participants in the Benefit Plans, except where the failure
    so to file or provide would not reasonably be expected to have a
    material adverse effect on the Company.

(vi) There are no pending claims, lawsuits
    or actions relating to any Benefit Plan (other than ordinary
    course claims for benefits) and, to the knowledge of the
    Company, none are threatened.

(vii) Except as disclosed in
    Schedule 4.01(n)(vii) or as specifically provided for
    herein, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
    this Agreement will not accelerate the time of vesting or
    payment, or increase the amount, of compensation to any
    Employee, officer, former Employee or former officer of the
    Company. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.01(n)(vii) or as
    specifically provided for herein, no Benefit Plans or other
    contracts or arrangements provide for payments that would be
    triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated
    by this Agreement that would subject any person to excise tax
    under Section 4999 of the Code and, except as disclosed in
    Schedule 4.01(n)(vii), the Company has not made any
    payments, is not obligated to make any payments and is not a
    party to any agreement that under any circumstances could
    obligate it to make any payments that will not be deductible
    under Section 280G of the Code.

(viii) Except as disclosed on
    Schedule 4.01(n)(viii), no Benefit Plans provide for, and
    to the Companys knowledge no written or oral agreements
    have been entered into with any Employee or former Employee of
    the Company promising or guaranteeing, any employer payment or
    funding for the continuation of medical, dental, life or
    disability insurance coverage for any former Employee of the
    Company for any period of time beyond the end of the current
    plan year (except to the extent of coverage required under
    Title I, Part 6, of ERISA (COBRA)).

(ix) All material contributions to the
    Benefit Plans which have been required to be made in accordance
    with the terms of the Benefit Plans and applicable law have been
    duly and timely made.

(x) The Company and its ERISA Affiliates
    have complied in all material respects with the continuation
    coverage provisions of COBRA with respect to all current
    Employees and former Employees. The Company has made available
    to the Purchaser a list of all current and former Employees of
    the Company and its ERISA Affiliates who are eligible for and/or
    have elected continuation coverage under COBRA.

(xi) To the Companys knowledge, no
    lien, security interests or other encumbrances exist with
    respect to any of the assets of the Company or any ERISA
    Affiliate, which were imposed pursuant to the terms of the Code
    or ERISA.

(xii) For the purpose of this
    Section 4.01(n), the term ERISA Affiliate shall
    mean (A) any related company or trade or business that is
    required to be aggregated with the Company under Code
    Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o); (B) any other
    company, entity or trade or business that has adopted or has
    ever participated in any Benefit Plan; and (C) any
    predecessor or successor company or trade or business of the
    Company.

(o) 
Taxes.
 (i) The Company and
    its subsidiaries have filed all Tax Returns and reports required
    to be filed by them in all applicable jurisdictions or requests
    for extensions to file such Tax Returns or reports have been
    timely filed in all applicable jurisdictions, granted and have
    not expired, except to the extent that such failures to file or
    to have extensions granted that remain in effect individually or
    in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a
    material adverse effect on the Company. The Company and each of
    its subsidiaries have paid all Taxes shown as due on such Tax
    Returns in all applicable jurisdictions, and the most recent
    financial statements contained in the Company SEC Documents
    filed through the date hereof reflect an adequate reserve (in
    addition to any reserve for

A-17



deferred taxes established to reflect timing
    differences between book and tax income) for all Taxes payable
    by the Company and its subsidiaries for all taxable periods and
    portions thereof through the date of such financial statements.

(ii) The Company and its subsidiaries have
    complied in all material respects with all applicable laws,
    rules, and regulations relating to the payment and withholding
    of taxes (including withholding of taxes under
    Sections 1441 and 1442 of the Code or similar provisions
    under any foreign laws) and have, within the time prescribed by
    law, withheld from employee wages and paid over to the proper
    Governmental Entity all taxes required to be so withheld and
    paid over under applicable laws.

(iii) No deficiency in Taxes for any period
    has been asserted in writing by the federal, state or local
    taxing authorities for any period which remains unsettled and
    there is no deficiency in Taxes for any period known to the
    Company and its subsidiaries based upon personal contact with
    any agent of any such authority, except for deficiencies which
    would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on the Company. No material issues related to Taxes were
    raised by the relevant taxing authority in any completed audit
    or examination that could reasonably be expected to recur in a
    later taxable period. Except as disclosed in
    Schedule 4.01(o)(iii), none of the Company and its
    subsidiaries has waived any statute of limitations in respect of
    Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax
    assessment or deficiency.

(iv) None of the Company and its
    subsidiaries has filed a consent under Code Section 341(f)
    concerning collapsible corporations. The Company has not been a
    United States real property holding corporation within the
    meaning of Code Section 897(c)(2) during the applicable
    period specified in Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii). To the
    knowledge of the Company, none of the Company and its
    subsidiaries is a party to any tax allocation or sharing
    agreement. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.01(o)(iv), none of
    the Company and its subsidiaries (A) has been a member of
    an Affiliated Group filing a consolidated federal income Tax
    Return (other than a group the common parent of which was the
    Company) within the past six years or (B) has any material
    liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than any of the
    Company and its subsidiaries) under Treasury
    Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision
    of state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor,
    by contract, or otherwise.

(v) Except as disclosed in Schedule
    4.01(O)(V), none of the Company and its subsidiaries will be
    required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item
    of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or
    portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of
    any (A) change in method of accounting for a taxable period
    ending on or prior to the Closing Date under Code
    Section 481(c) (or any corresponding or similar provision
    of state, local or foreign income Tax law), (B) closing
    agreement as described in Code Section 7121 (or any
    corresponding or similar provision of state, local or foreign
    income Tax law) executed on or prior to the Closing Date or
    (C) material installment sale or open transaction
    disposition made on or prior to the Closing Date.

(vi) As used in this Agreement,
    Tax means any federal, state, local, or foreign
    income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise,
    severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits,
    environmental (including taxes under Code Section 59A),
    customs duties, capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding,
    social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, real
    property, personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration,
    value added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, or other
    tax of any kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or
    addition thereto, whether disputed or not.

(vii) As used in this Agreement, Tax
    Return means any return, declaration, report, claim for
    refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes,
    including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any
    amendment thereof.

(p) 
Contracts.
 Prior to the date
    hereof, the Company has made available to the Purchaser true and
    correct copies of, and Schedule 4.01(p) sets forth a
    complete and accurate list of all of the following

A-18



contracts or commitments which the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries is a party or is bound (collectively, the
    Contracts): (i) any lease (whether as lessor or
    lessee) of any interest in any real property and any pending and
    binding agreement to purchase or sell any real property;
    (ii) any lease of any personal property with aggregate
    annual rental payments in excess of $175,000; (iii) any
    agreement to purchase or sell a capital asset or an interest in
    any business entity for a price in excess of $175,000 or a right
    of first refusal with respect thereto; (iv) any agreement
    relating to the borrowing or lending of money other than
    advances to employees to cover business expenses in the ordinary
    course of business; (v) any joint venture contract,
    partnership contract or similar contract evidencing an ownership
    interest or a participation in or sharing of profits;
    (vi) any guaranty, contribution agreement or other
    agreement that includes any material indemnification or
    contribution obligation; (vii) any agreement (including any
    noncompetition agreement) limiting the ability of the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries to engage in any line of business or in
    business with any person or restricting the geographical area in
    which the Company or any of its subsidiaries may engage in any
    business; (viii) any employment, consulting, management,
    severance or indemnification contract or agreement with annual
    obligations in excess of $175,000; (ix) material contracts
    which are terminable or contracts with annual obligations in
    excess of $175,000 under which payments by the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries may be accelerated upon a change in control of
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and (x) any other
    agreement which involves the payment of an aggregate annual
    amount in excess of $175,000 (other than fee for service
    contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice) or which is material to the
    Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Except as
    disclosed in Schedule 4.01(p)(xi), no event has occurred that
    would, with the passage of time or compliance with any
    applicable notice requirements or both, constitute a default by
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the Companys
    knowledge, by any other party under any of the Contracts except
    where the default would not, individually or in the aggregate,
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
    Company. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.01(p)(xii), to
    the Companys knowledge, no party to any of the Contracts
    intends to cancel or terminate any of such Contracts. All of the
    Contracts are valid and binding obligations of the parties
    thereto, are in full force and effect, and are enforceable
    against the parties thereto in accordance with their terms
    except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
    reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general
    application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
    generally and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the
    availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or
    other equitable remedies.

(q) 
Voting Requirements.
 The
    affirmative vote or consent of the holders of a majority of all
    issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the
    Company Stockholder Approval) is the only vote or
    consent of the holders of any class or series of the
    Companys capital stock necessary to approve and adopt this
    Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(r) 
Ownership of Property; Liens.
 The
    Company and each subsidiary has good and valid title to all the
    properties and assets (real, personal or mixed) which it
    purports to own, free and clear of any Liens, except Permitted
    Liens. The Company has good and valid title to all real
    property, or valid and binding leasehold interest in all real
    property, used by the Company and its subsidiaries in the
    operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries
    (such real property is referred to herein as the Real
    Property). The Real Property which the Company and each
    subsidiary owns in fee simple is listed by address in
    Schedule 4.01(r)(1). The Real Property which the Company
    and its subsidiaries hold a leasehold interest in is listed by
    address in Schedule 4.01(r)(2). For purposes of this
    Agreement, the term Permitted Liens shall mean
    (i) Liens for taxes not yet due, (ii) landlords,
    carriers, warehousemens, mechanics,
    materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising
    in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice, none of which is overdue for a period of more than
    90 days, (iii) pledges or deposits in connection with
    workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other
    social security legislation and (iv) such minor defects,
    irregularities, encumbrances, easements, rights-of-way,
    restrictions, encroachments and other similar encumbrances
    incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice and which, individually or in the aggregate, are not
    material in amount, and which do not in any case materially
    detract from the value of the property subject thereto or
    materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of its business
    on such property and which do not materially interfere with or
    impair the present use and operation of such property subject
    thereto

A-19



(collectively, Permitted Liens).
    Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.01(r)(3), the Real
    Property together with all other assets owned, licensed or
    leased by the Company or its subsidiaries constitute in all
    material respects all tangible and intangible assets necessary
    for the operation of the Companys business in accordance
    with past practice. With respect to the leased Real Property and
    leased other assets, the Company and its subsidiaries are in
    compliance with such leases, except where the failure to be in
    compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect on the Company. Except as disclosed on
    Schedule 4.01(r)(4), there is no construction in progress
    with respect to any of the Real Property that would require any
    capital expenditure exceeding $175,000 for any single project or
    series of related projects.

Set forth on Schedule 4.01(r)(5) is a
    list of the most current title insurance policies, commitments
    or binders issued to the Company or each subsidiary with respect
    to any of the Real Property or any portion thereof. Set forth on
    Schedule 4.01(r)(6) is a list of the most current
    as-built surveys or boundary surveys obtained by the
    Company or each subsidiary with respect to any of the Real
    Property or any portion thereof. Neither the Company nor any
    subsidiary has received any written notice of any material
    violation of any building, zoning or other similar law in
    respect of such Real Property or structures or their use by the
    Company or any subsidiary, which violations remain outstanding
    or unremedied on the date hereof. No portion of the Real
    Property is subject to a condemnation or similar proceeding.

(s) 
Brokers.
 No broker, investment
    banker, financial advisor or other similar person, other than
    UBS Warburg LLC, the fees and expenses of which will be paid by
    the Company or, if the Merger occurs, Purchaser, is entitled to
    any brokers, finders, financial advisors or
    other similar fee or commission in connection with the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
    arrangements made by the Company. The Company has made available
    to Purchaser true and complete copies of all agreements under
    which any such fees or commissions are payable.

(t) 
Restrictions on Business
    Activities.
 Except for this Agreement, neither the Company
    nor any subsidiary is a party to or the subject of any
    agreement, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries which has or would
    reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or
    materially impairing the conduct of business by the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries as currently conducted by the Company or
    such subsidiary.

(u) 
Environmental Matters.

    (i) Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.01(u)(i) the
    operations and properties of the Company and its subsidiaries
    are and at all times have been in compliance with the
    Environmental Laws, which compliance includes the possession by
    the Company and its subsidiaries of all permits and governmental
    authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and
    compliance with the terms and conditions thereof except, in any
    case, where the failure to comply or possess would not,
    individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
    a material adverse effect on the Company.

(ii) Except as disclosed on
    Schedule 4.01(u)(ii) there are no Environmental Claims
    pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries or against any person
    whose liability for any Environmental Claim the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries has retained or assumed.

(iii) Except as disclosed on
    Schedule 4.01(u)(iii) there are no off-site locations where
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries has stored, disposed or
    arranged for the disposal of Materials of Environmental Concern
    which have been listed on the National Priority List, or state
    Superfund site list, and the Company and its subsidiaries have
    not been notified in writing that any of them is a potentially
    responsible party at any such location. Except as disclosed on
    Schedule 4.01(u)(iii) there are no underground storage
    tanks located on property owned or leased by the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries. To the knowledge of the Company, there is
    no friable asbestos containing material contained in or forming
    part of any building, building component, structure or office
    space owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no
    polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBS) or PCB-containing
    items contained in or forming

A-20



part of any building, building component,
    structure or office space owned, leased or operated by the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(iv) For purposes of this Agreement:

(1) 
Environmental Claim

    means any claim, action, cause of action, investigation or
    notice (in each case in writing or, if not in writing, to the
    knowledge of the Company) by any person alleging potential
    liability (including potential liability for investigatory
    costs, cleanup costs, governmental response costs, natural
    resources damages, property damages, personal injuries, or
    penalties) arising out of, based on or resulting from the
    presence, or release or threat of release into the environment,
    of any Materials of Environmental Concern at any location,
    whether or not owned or operated by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries.

(2) 
Environmental Laws

    means, as they exist on the date hereof, all applicable United
    States federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws, regulations,
    codes and ordinances relating to pollution or protection of
    human health (as relating to the environment or the workplace)
    and the environment (including ambient air, surface water,
    ground water, land surface or sub-surface strata), including
    laws and regulations relating to emissions, discharges, releases
    or threatened releases of Materials of Environmental Concern, or
    otherwise relating to the use, treatment, storage, disposal,
    transport or handling of Materials of Environmental Concern,
    including, but not limited to Comprehensive Environmental
    Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA),
    42 U.S.C.  9601 et seq., Resource Conservation
    and Recovery Act (RCRA), 42 U.S.C.
     6901 et seq., Toxic Substances Control Act
    (TSCA), 15 U.S.C.  2601 et seq.,
    Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA),
    29 U.S.C.  651 et seq., the Clean Air Act,
    42 U.S.C.  7401 et seq., the Clean Water Act,
    33 U.S.C.  1251 et seq., each as may have been
    amended or supplemented, and any applicable environmental
    transfer statutes or laws.

(3) 
Materials of Environmental
    Concern
 means chemicals, pollutants, contaminants,
    hazardous materials, hazardous substances and hazardous wastes,
    medical waste, toxic substances, petroleum and petroleum
    products and by-products, asbestos-containing materials, PCBs,
    and any other chemicals, pollutants, substances or wastes, in
    each case regulated under any Environmental Law.

(v) 
Intellectual Property.

    (i) As used herein, the term Intellectual Property
    Assets shall mean all intellectual property rights (common
    law, statutory or otherwise), including, without limitation,
    patents (including all reissues, divisions, continuations and
    extensions), trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights,
    and registrations and applications for any and all of the
    foregoing, Internet domain names, formulae, algorithms, designs,
    inventions, methodologies, specifications, know-how, trade
    secrets, computer software programs and code (both object and
    source), development tools and proprietary information,
    technologies and processes, and all documentation and media
    describing or relating to the above, in any format, whether hard
    copy or machine-readable only. As used herein, Company
    Intellectual Property Assets shall mean the Intellectual
    Property Assets used or owned by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries and which are material to the business of the
    Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted.

(ii) The Company or one of its subsidiaries
    owns, or is licensed or otherwise possesses legally enforceable
    rights to use in the manner and to the extent currently being
    used by the Company and its subsidiaries, all the Company
    Intellectual Property Assets, without (x) infringing or
    violating the valid and enforceable rights of others,
    (y) constituting a breach of any agreement, obligation,
    promise or commitment by which the Company and/or its
    subsidiaries (as applicable) may be bound or (z) violating
    any laws in any applicable jurisdiction.

(iii) No actions or proceedings
    (i) have been made or are currently pending or, to the
    Companys knowledge, threatened by any person with respect
    to the Company Intellectual Property Assets, including, without
    limitation, any actions or proceedings challenging the right of
    the

A-21



Company to use, possess, transfer, convey or
    otherwise dispose of any Company Intellectual Property Assets,
    or (ii) have been made or are currently pending or, to the
    Companys knowledge, threatened by any person with respect
    to the Intellectual Property Assets of any third party (the
    Third Party Intellectual Property Assets) to the
    extent arising out of any use, possession, transfer,
    reproduction, conveyance, distribution or other disposition of,
    or of products or methods covered by or otherwise relating to,
    such Third Party Intellectual Property Assets by or through the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(iv) To the knowledge of the Company, there
    is no unauthorized use, infringement, misappropriation or other
    violation of any of the Companys Intellectual Property
    Assets by any third party, including, without limitation, any
    employee, former employee, independent contractor or consultant
    of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(v) The Company Intellectual Property Assets
    include all rights and interests necessary to conduct the
    business of the Company and its subsidiaries as it is currently
    conducted and such rights will not be adversely affected by the
    Company or any other person claiming under or through the
    Company or otherwise in connection with or arising from the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Merger or the
    consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby,
    except where such adverse affect would not, individually or in
    the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on the Company.

(w) 
Insurance.
 All fire and casualty,
    general liability, business interruption, product liability and
    other insurance policies maintained by the Company and its
    subsidiaries are with reputable insurance carriers, provide
    coverage for all normal risks incident to the business of the
    Company and its subsidiaries and their respective properties and
    assets and are in character and amount believed by the Company
    to be appropriate for the businesses conducted by the Company
    and its subsidiaries.

(x) 
Opinion of Financial Advisor.
 The
    Board of Directors of the Company has received the opinion of
    UBS Warburg LLC, dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect
    that, as of such date, the Merger Consideration is fair to the
    holders of Company Common Stock (other than Paul J. Ramsay and
    his affiliates) from a financial point of view.

(y) 
The Company Rights Agreement.
 The
    Company Rights Agreement has been amended (the Company
    Rights Plan Amendment) to (i) render the Company
    Rights Agreement inapplicable to the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) ensure
    that a Distribution Date (as defined in the Company Rights
    Agreement) does not occur solely by reason of the execution of
    this Agreement, the consummation of the Merger, or the
    consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement. Such amendment may not be further amended by the
    Company without the prior consent of Purchaser in its sole
    discretion.

(z) 
Transactions With Affiliates.
 For
    purposes of this Section 4.01(z) only, the term
    Affiliate shall mean (a) any person, who to the
    knowledge of the Company, is the beneficial owner of 5% or more
    of the voting securities of the Company, (b) any director
    or officer of the Company, (c) any person who directly or
    indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control
    with the Company, (d) any person who directly or indirectly
    controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the
    persons described in clause (b) and who is known to the
    Company, and (e) any member of the immediate family of any
    of the foregoing persons. Except as set forth in
    Schedule 4.01(z), since December 31, 2001, neither the
    Company nor any of its subsidiaries has: (a) purchased,
    leased or otherwise acquired any material property or assets or
    obtained any material services (other than services of a
    director, officer or employee in such capacities) from,
    (b) sold, leased or otherwise disposed of any material
    property or assets or provided any material services to (except
    with respect to cash remuneration in amounts consistent with
    past practice for services rendered as a director, officer or
    employee), or (c) borrowed any money from, or made or
    forgiven any loan or other advance to, any Affiliate. Except as
    set forth in Schedule 4.01(z) and except for cash
    remuneration in amounts consistent with past practice for
    services rendered and reimbursements of business expenses to
    employees, consultants, officers and directors in the ordinary
    course of business (a) the Contracts do not include any
    obligation or commitment between the

A-22



Company or any of its subsidiaries and any
    Affiliate which will survive the Effective Time, (b) the
    assets of the Company and its subsidiaries do not include any
    receivable or other payment obligation or commitment from an
    Affiliate and (c) the liabilities of the Company and its
    subsidiaries do not include any payable or other obligation or
    commitment to any Affiliate. Except as set forth
    Schedule 4.01(z), no director or officer of the Company or
    any subsidiary is a party to any contract with any customer or
    supplier of the Company or any of its subsidiaries that
    materially and adversely affects in any manner the business,
    financial condition or results of operation of the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries.

SECTION 4.02     
Representations
and Warranties of Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary.

Purchaser (and where applicable, the Merger Subsidiary)
represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) 
Organization, Standing and Corporate
    Power.
 Each of Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary is a
    corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly
    existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
    Delaware and has the requisite corporate or other power, as the
    case may be, and authority to carry on its business as now being
    conducted. Each of Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary is duly
    qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing
    (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in
    each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
    ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification
    or licensing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where
    the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be in good
    standing individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably
    be expected to have a material adverse effect on Purchaser.
    Purchaser has delivered or made available to the Company prior
    to the execution of this Agreement complete and correct copies
    of its certificate of incorporation and by-laws and the
    certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Merger
    Subsidiary, in each case as amended to date.

(b) 
Authority; Noncontravention.
 Each
    of Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary has all requisite
    corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
    to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
    The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Purchaser and
    the Merger Subsidiary and the consummation by Purchaser and the
    Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
    action on the part of Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary. This
    Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Purchaser and
    the Merger Subsidiary and constitutes the legal, valid and
    binding obligations of Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary,
    enforceable against Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary in
    accordance with its terms. The execution and delivery of this
    Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the
    provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result
    in any violation of, or default under, or give rise to a right
    of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation
    under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
    properties or assets of Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries
    under (i) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of
    Purchaser or the comparable organizational documents of any of
    its subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note,
    bond, mortgage or indenture, (iii) any material lease or
    other agreement to which Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries is
    a party, or (iv) subject to the governmental filings and
    other matters referred to in the following sentence, any
    judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
    regulation applicable to Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries,
    other than, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and
    (iv), any such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights or Liens
    that individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be
    expected (x) to have a material adverse effect on
    Purchaser, or (y) to prevent or materially to delay the
    consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or
    registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental
    Entity is required by or with respect to Purchaser, the Merger
    Subsidiary or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement by Purchaser or the
    Merger Subsidiary or the consummation by Purchaser or the Merger
    Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
    except for (1) the filing of a premerger notification and
    report form by Purchaser under the HSR Act, if necessary;
    (2) the filing with the SEC of such reports under the
    Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this
    Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
    (3) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
    Delaware Secretary of State and appropriate documents with the
    relevant authorities of other states in which Purchaser is
    qualified to do business; and

A-23



(4) such consents, approvals, orders or
    authorizations the failure of which to be made or obtained would
    not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
    Purchaser or prevent or materially delay the consummation of any
    of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c) 
Brokers.
 No broker, investment
    banker, financial advisor or other person, other than CIBC World
    Markets, the fees and expenses of which will be paid by
    Purchaser, is entitled to any brokers, finders,
    financial advisors or other similar fee or commission in
    connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    based upon arrangements made by Purchaser or the Merger
    Subsidiary. Purchaser has furnished to the Company true and
    complete copies of all agreements under which any such fees or
    expenses are payable.

(d) 
Interim Operations of the Merger
    Subsidiary.
 The Merger Subsidiary was formed solely for the
    purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby, has
    engaged in no other business activities and has conducted its
    operations only as contemplated hereby.

(e) 
Ownership Interest in the
    Company.
 Other than by reason of this Agreement or the
    transactions contemplated hereby, neither Purchaser nor any of
    its affiliates is, or has been at any time during the previous
    three (3) years, an interested stockholder of
    the Company, as that term is defined in Section 203 of the DGCL.

(f) 
Financial Capacity.
 The Purchaser
    and the Merger Subsidiary have received, and delivered a copy to
    the Company of, a letter from a nationally recognized financial
    institution (the Highly Confident Letter) indicating
    that they are highly confident that the Purchaser and the Merger
    Subsidiary will be able to secure the Financing. A true and
    correct copy of the Highly Confident Letter is attached hereto
    as Schedule 4.02(f) and the Highly Confident Letter has not
    been amended or modified. The aggregate proceeds of the
    Financing will be sufficient to pay the aggregate Per Share
    Amount and the Option Consideration, to repay the indebtedness
    of the Company and its subsidiaries on the Closing Date and to
    pay all fees and expenses related to the transactions described
    in this Agreement. The Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary have
    no reason to believe that the Financing will not be available at
    or prior to the Effective Time.

(g) 
No Other Representations or
    Warranties by the Seller.
 The purchaser agrees that except
    for the representations and warranties (including the Schedules
    with respect thereto) made by the Company and expressly set
    forth in Section 4.01 of this Agreement, neither the
    Company nor any of its subsidiaries or representatives thereof
    has made and shall not be construed as having made to the
    Purchaser or to any representative or affiliate thereof, and
    neither the Purchaser nor any affiliate nor any representative
    thereof has relied upon, any other representation or warranty of
    any kind. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
    Purchaser agrees that neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries or representatives thereof makes or has made any
    representation or warranty to the Purchaser or to any
    representative or affiliate thereof with respect to:

(i) any projections, estimates or budgets
    heretofore or hereafter delivered to or made available to the
    Purchaser or its counsel, accountants, advisors, lenders,
    representatives or affiliates of future revenues, expenses or
    expenditures, future results of operations (or any component
    thereof), future cash flows (or any component thereof) or future
    financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries or the
    future business, operations or affairs of the Company and its
    subsidiaries; and

(ii) any other information, statement or
    documents heretofore or hereafter delivered to or made available
    to the Purchaser or its counsel, accountants, advisors, lenders,
    representatives or affiliates with respect to the Company and
    its subsidiaries or the business, operations or affairs of the
    Company and its subsidiaries;

except to the extent expressly covered by a
    representation and warranty (including the Schedules with
    respect thereto) contained in Section 4.01 hereof;
    provided, however that nothing in this Section 4.02(g) will
    prohibit the Purchaser or the Merger Subsidiary from asserting a
    fraud claim with respect to the enforcement of their rights
    pursuant to this Agreement nor shall this Section 4.02(g)
    be asserted in defense of any such fraud claim.

A-24



ARTICLE V

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

SECTION 5.01     
Conduct
of Business.
 The Company agrees that, during the period from
the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of
the termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, unless
Purchaser shall otherwise agree in writing, and except as set
forth on Schedule 5.01, the Company shall conduct its
business in, and shall cause the businesses of its subsidiaries
to be conducted in, and the Company and its subsidiaries shall
not take any action except in, the ordinary course of business
and in a manner consistent with past practice; and the Company
shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to preserve
substantially intact the business organization of the Company
and its subsidiaries as a whole, to keep available through the
Effective Time the services of the present officers and
employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and to preserve
the present relationships of the Company and its subsidiaries
with material customers, suppliers and other persons with which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries has significant business
relations. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.01, during the
period from the date of this Agreement to the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement and the consummation of the
Merger, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
subsidiaries to:

(i) other than dividends and distributions
    (including liquidating distributions) by a direct or indirect
    wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to its parent, or by a
    subsidiary that is partially owned by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries, provided that the Company or any such subsidiary
    receives or is to receive its proportionate share thereof,
    (x) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any
    other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock,
    (y) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock
    or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in
    respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
    capital stock, or (z) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
    any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries;

(ii) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or
    otherwise encumber any shares of its capital stock, any other
    voting securities or any securities convertible into, or any
    rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares, voting
    securities or convertible securities (other than the issuance of
    Company Common Stock pursuant to the ESPP or upon the exercise
    of Options and Warrants outstanding on the date of this
    Agreement and in accordance with their present terms);

(iii) amend its certificate of
    incorporation, by-laws or other comparable organizational
    documents;

(iv) acquire or agree to acquire by merging
    or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of
    the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any
    corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint
    venture, association or other business organization or division
    thereof, except for purchases of inventory and other items in
    the ordinary course of business;

(v) sell, lease, license, mortgage or
    otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien or otherwise dispose
    of any of its properties or assets, other than in the ordinary
    course of business;

(vi) incur any indebtedness for borrowed
    money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person,
    issue or sell any debt securities or other rights to acquire any
    debt securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
    guarantee any debt securities of another person, except for
    borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(vii) hold any meeting of its stockholders
    except for the Stockholders Meeting or to the extent required by
    the Companys bylaws or the DGCL;

(viii) take any action that would result in
    a violation of law or cause a breach of any Contract or other
    commitment to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
    party, which in each case, individually or in the aggregate,
    would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
    on the Company; and

(ix) agree to take any of the foregoing
    actions.

A-25



SECTION 5.02     
No
Solicitation by the Company.
 (a) Upon execution of this
Agreement, the Company shall immediately terminate any
discussions with any person (other than Purchaser and its
representatives) concerning an Acquisition Proposal. The Company
shall not, directly or indirectly, through any officer,
director, financial advisor, attorney, representative,
subsidiary or agent of the Company, (i) take any action to
solicit, initiate, facilitate, continue or encourage any
Acquisition Proposal, (ii) engage in negotiations or
discussions (whether such discussions or negotiations are
initiated by the Company, such other person or otherwise)
concerning, or provide any non-public information to any person
relating to, any possible Acquisition Proposal, (iii) enter
into an agreement with any person providing for a possible
Acquisition Proposal or make any public statement,
recommendation or solicitation in support of any possible
Acquisition Proposal by any person, in each case other than
Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary, or (iv) agree to,
enter into a letter of intent or similar document concerning, or
recommend, any Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that
nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the Company,
or its Board of Directors, from (A) furnishing non-public
information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations
with, any person in connection with an unsolicited, bona fide,
written Acquisition Proposal by such person or recommending an
unsolicited, bona fide, written Acquisition Proposal by such
person to the stockholders of the Company, if and only to the
extent that (1) the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in good faith (after consultation with independent
financial and legal advisors) that such Acquisition Proposal is
reasonably likely to result in a Superior Proposal and the Board
of Directors of the Company determines in good faith (after
consultation with independent legal advisors) that such action
is necessary for such Board of Directors to comply with its
fiduciary duties to stockholders under applicable law and
(2) prior to furnishing such non-public information to, or
entering into discussions or negotiations with, such person,
(x) such Board of Directors receives from such person an
executed confidentiality agreement with terms no less favorable
to the Company and no more favorable to such person than those
terms contained in the letter agreement dated February 25,
2002 between Purchaser and the Company, as amended by the
Addendum dated March 2003 between Purchaser and the Company (the
Nondisclosure Agreement), (y) such non-public
information has been previously made available to Purchaser, and
(z) the Company advises Purchaser in writing of such disclosure
or discussions or negotiations, including the person to whom
disclosed or with whom discussions or negotiations will occur
and the material terms and conditions of such Acquisition
Proposal; or (B) complying with Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2
promulgated under the Exchange Act with regard to an Acquisition
Proposal. The Company shall ensure that the officers and
directors of the Company and any investment banker or other
financial advisor or representative retained by the Company are
aware of the restrictions set forth in this Section 5.02.
Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood that any
violations of the restrictions set forth in this
Section 5.02 by any officer, director, financial advisor,
attorney, representative, subsidiary or agent of the Company,
when acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 5.02 by the
Company. Acquisition Proposal shall mean any
inquiries or proposals that constitute, or are reasonably likely
to result in, a proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation,
business combination, sale of substantial assets, sale of shares
of capital stock or other securities (including by way of a
tender offer) or similar trans action involving the Company and
its subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; Superior Proposal shall mean an
Acquisition Proposal that is reasonably capable of being
completed on the terms proposed and would, if consummated,
result in a transaction more favorable to the Companys
stockholders from a financial point of view than the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement; and Top-Up Amendment
shall mean a binding (with respect to the Purchaser and the
Merger Subsidiary) amendment to this Agreement (containing no
conditions other than those set forth herein on the date hereof)
which the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good
faith (after consultation with independent financial and legal
advisors) provides greater aggregate value to the Companys
stockholders than the transactions contemplated by the Superior
Proposal to which it relates.

(b) The Company shall notify Purchaser
    promptly after receipt by the Company (or its advisors) of any
    Acquisition Proposal or any request for non-public information
    in connection with an Acquisition Proposal or for access to the
    properties, books or records of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries by any person that informs the Company (or its
    advisors) that it is considering making, or has made, an
    Acquisition Proposal. Such notice shall be made orally and in
    writing and shall indicate in reasonable detail the identity of
    the person and the material terms and conditions of such
    proposal, inquiry or contact

A-26



(a Notice). The Company shall
    continue to keep Purchaser informed, on a current basis, of the
    status of any such discussions or negotiations and the terms
    being discussed or negotiated.

(c) In addition to the foregoing, the
    Company shall not accept or enter into any agreement, letter of
    intent or similar document concerning an Acquisition Proposal
    for a period of not less than three (3) Business Days after
    the Purchasers receipt of a Notice, and during such three
    (3) Business Day period, at the Purchasers request,
    the Company shall negotiate with the Purchaser in good faith.
    If, prior to the conclusion of such three (3) Business Day
    period, Purchaser shall execute and deliver a Top-Up Amendment
    to the Company, then the Company shall cease all discussions or
    negotiations with respect to the Acquisition Proposal unless and
    until a subsequent Superior Proposal is made.

ARTICLE VI.

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

SECTION 6.01     
Stockholders
Meeting; Preparation of Proxy Statement.
 (a) The Company
shall, as soon as practicable following the execution of this
Agreement, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting
of its stockholders (the Stockholders Meeting) for
the purpose of obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval.
Unless the Board of Directors determines in its good faith
judgment, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that
its fiduciary duties require otherwise, the Proxy Statement will
contain the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the
Company that the stockholders of the Company vote to adopt and
approve the Merger and this Agreement. The Company will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from its stockholders
proxies in favor of such adoption and approval and to take all
other action necessary to secure the vote or consent of
stockholders required by the DGCL to effect the Merger. At the
Stockholders Meeting, Purchaser, the Merger Subsidiary, and
their subsidiaries will vote, or cause to be voted, all of the
shares of Company Common Stock then owned by any of them in
favor of the Merger and the Agreement.

(b) The Company shall, as soon as
    practicable following the execution of this Agreement, prepare
    and file a preliminary Proxy Statement with the SEC and shall
    use its commercially reasonable efforts to respond to any
    comments of the SEC or its staff and to cause the Proxy
    Statement to be mailed to the Companys stockholders as
    promptly as practicable after responding to all such comments to
    the satisfaction of the staff. The Company shall notify
    Purchaser promptly of the receipt of any comments from the SEC
    or its staff and of any request by the SEC or its staff for
    amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement or for
    additional information and will supply Purchaser with copies of
    all correspondence between the Company or any of its
    representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on
    the other hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement or the
    Merger. If at any time prior to the Stockholders Meeting there
    shall occur any event that should be set forth in an amendment
    or supplement to the Proxy Statement, the Company shall promptly
    prepare and mail to its stockholders such an amendment or
    supplement.

(c) The Company covenants to and agrees with
    the Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary that none of the
    information provided or to be provided by it for use in the
    Proxy Statement, and Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary
    covenant to and agree with the Company that none of the written
    information provided or to be provided by them expressly for use
    in the Proxy Statement, will, on the date the Proxy Statement is
    first mailed to the stockholders of the Company and on the date
    of the Stockholders Meeting, be false or misleading with respect
    to any material fact or omit to state any material fact required
    to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
    statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
    they are made, not misleading, and Purchaser, the Company and
    the Merger Subsidiary each agrees to correct any information
    provided by it for use in the Proxy Statement that has become
    false or misleading in any material respect and the Company will
    file such amendments and supplements as are necessary.

(d) Provided that Purchaser and the Merger
    Subsidiary provide all necessary information they are required
    to provide for inclusion therein, and provided further that
    Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary

A-27



complied with their obligations under
    Section 6.01(c), the Company represents and warrants to
    Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary that the Proxy Statement
    will comply as to form in all material respects with all
    applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and
    regulations thereunder.

SECTION 6.02     
Access
to Information; Confidentiality.
 Subject to the
Non-Disclosure Agreement, the Company shall, and shall cause
each of its subsidiaries to, afford to Purchaser and to the
officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
and other representatives of Purchaser, reasonable access during
normal business hours during the period prior to the Effective
Time, and without undue disruption of their respective
businesses, to all their respective properties, books,
contracts, commitments, personnel and records and, during such
period, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its
subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to Purchaser (a) a copy
of each report, schedule, registration statement and other
document filed by it during such period pursuant to the
requirements of federal securities laws and (b) all other
available information concerning its business, properties and
personnel as such other party may reasonably request. Purchaser
will hold, and will cause its respective officers, employees,
accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other
representatives and affiliates to hold, any nonpublic
information in accordance with the terms of the Non-Disclosure
Agreement.

SECTION 6.03     
Commercially
Reasonable Efforts.
 (a) Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties
agrees to use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done,
and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all
things necessary to consummate and make effective the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
(i) taking all reasonable acts necessary to cause the
conditions in Article VII to be satisfied,
(ii) obtaining all necessary actions or nonactions,
waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental Entities and
the making of all necessary registrations and filings (including
pursuant to the HSR Act) and taking all reasonable steps as may
be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid
an action or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity,
(iii) obtaining all necessary consents, approvals or
waivers from third parties, and (iv) executing and
delivering any additional instruments necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry out the
purposes of, this Agreement. Nothing set forth in this
Section 6.03(a) will limit Section 6.07 hereof or
limit or affect actions permitted to be taken pursuant to
Sections 5.01 or 5.02.

(b) In connection with and without limiting
    the foregoing, the Company and Purchaser shall (i) take all
    commercially reasonable action necessary to ensure that no state
    takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes
    applicable to the Merger, this Agreement or any of the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) if any
    state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation becomes
    applicable to the Merger, this Agreement or any other
    transaction contemplated by this Agreement, take all reasonable
    action necessary to ensure that the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated
    as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
    Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute
    or regulation on the Merger and the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 6.04     
Certain
Employee Matters.
 (a) The Surviving Corporation, in its
sole discretion, shall either continue the current employee
benefits of the Company and its subsidiaries or shall provide
the employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (each, a
Company Employee) with employee benefits that are
comparable in the aggregate to those provided to similarly
situated employees of Purchaser (with similar situations to be
determined in light of the Company Employees new
post-Merger responsibilities). In furtherance of the foregoing,
Purchaser agrees either to maintain existing Company employee
benefits or arrange for the Company Employees to become
participants in Purchasers existing employee benefit plans
after the Effective Time.

(b) With respect to the benefits provided
    pursuant to this Section 6.04, (i) service accrued by
    Company Employees during employment with the Company and its
    subsidiaries (including any predecessor entity) prior to the
    Effective Time shall be recognized for all purposes, except for
    benefit accruals with respect to defined benefit pension plans,
    (ii) any and all pre-existing condition limitations (to the
    extent such limitations did not apply to a pre-existing
    condition under the applicable Company

A-28



Benefit Plan) and eligibility waiting periods
    under any group health plan shall be waived with respect to such
    Company Employees and their eligible dependents, and (iii)
    Company Employees shall be given credit for amounts paid under a
    Company Benefit Plan during the applicable period for purposes
    of applying deductibles, co-payments and out-of-pocket maximums
    as though such amounts had been paid in accordance with the
    terms and conditions of the employee welfare plans in which any
    Company Employee becomes entitled to participate.

(c) Within 10 Business Days prior to the
    Closing Date, the Company will use commercially reasonable
    efforts to provide to Purchaser in writing a list of all former
    Employees eligible as of such date for continuation coverage
    under any Benefit Plan pursuant to COBRA.

(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the
    contrary, upon written request of Purchaser delivered to the
    Company at least thirty days prior to the Closing Date, the
    Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to terminate
    or amend the Ramsay Youth Services Deferred Compensation and
    Retirement Plan (the 401K Plan) as of a date prior
    to the Closing Date. In connection with any termination of the
    401K Plan, the Company shall, to the extent legally required,
    fully vest all employees in their account balances in the Plan
    and the Purchaser shall permit each Employee to rollover his or
    her accrued benefit under the 401K Plan, including any
    promissory notes attributable to loans under the 401K Plan, to a
    qualified retirement plan maintained by Purchaser, to the extent
    such rollovers constitute, in the Purchasers sole
    discretion, valid eligible rollover distributions.

(e) This Section 6.04 is for the sole
    and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Purchaser and the
    Merger Subsidiary. No Company Employee or any other person is
    intended to be a third-party beneficiary hereof, and no Company
    Employee shall have any rights as the result of any provision of
    this Section 6.04.

SECTION 6.05     
Indemnification,
Exculpation and Insurance.
 (a) The certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall
contain all of the provisions limiting or eliminating the
personal liability of directors and the provisions with respect
to indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in the
Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws on the
date hereof, which provisions shall not be amended, modified or
otherwise repealed for a period of six (6) years from the
Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the
rights thereunder as of the Effective Time of individuals who at
or prior to the Effective Time were directors, officers,
employees or agents of the Company, unless such modification is
required after the Effective Time by applicable law and then
only to the minimum extent required by such applicable law.

(b) The Surviving Corporation shall
    indemnify and hold harmless each present and former director,
    officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) against any
    costs or expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments,
    fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and amounts paid in
    settlement in connection with any claim, action, suit,
    proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal,
    administrative or investigative, (x) arising out of or
    pertaining to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
    (y) otherwise with respect to any acts or omissions
    occurring at or prior to the Effective Time, to the same extent
    as provided in the Company certificate of incorporation or
    bylaws, in each case for a period of six (6) years after
    the Effective Time. In the event of any such claim, action,
    suit, proceeding or investigation (whether arising before or
    after the Effective Time) and subject to the specific terms of
    any indemnification contract, (i) any counsel retained by
    the Indemnified Parties for any period after the Effective Time
    shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Surviving Corporation,
    (ii) after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
    shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel,
    promptly after statements therefor are received; provided that
    the Indemnified Parties shall be required to reimburse the
    Surviving Corporation for such payments in the circumstances and
    to the extent required by the Company certificate of
    incorporation or bylaws, any applicable contract or agreement or
    applicable law; and (iii) the Surviving Corporation will
    cooperate in the defense of any such matter; provided, however,
    that the Surviving Corporation shall not be liable for any
    settlement effected without its written consent (which consent
    shall not be unreasonably withheld); and provided, further,
    that, in the event that any claim or claims for indemnification
    are asserted or made

A-29



within such six (6)-year period, all rights to
    indemnification in respect of any such claim or claims shall
    continue until the disposition of any and all such claims. The
    Indemnified Parties as a group may retain only one law firm to
    represent them in each applicable jurisdiction with respect to
    any single action unless there is, under applicable standards of
    professional conduct, a conflict on any significant issue
    between the positions of any two or more Indemnified Parties, in
    which case each Indemnified Party with respect to whom such a
    conflict exists (or group of such Indemnified Parties who among
    them have no such conflict) may retain one separate law firm in
    each applicable jurisdiction.

(c) The Surviving Corporation shall honor
    and fulfill in all respects the obligations of the Company
    pursuant to indemnification agreements and employment agreements
    and arrangements (the employee parties under such agreements and
    arrangements being referred to as the Covered
    Persons) with the Companys directors and officers
    existing at or before the Effective Time that are listed in
    Schedule 6.05(C).

(d) In addition, Purchaser shall provide, or
    cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, for a period of not
    less than six (6) years after the Effective Time, the
    Companys current directors and officers with an insurance
    and indemnification policy that provides coverage for events
    occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (the D&O
    Insurance) that is no less favorable than the existing
    policy or, if substantially equivalent insurance coverage is
    unavailable, the next best available coverage; provided,
    however, that Purchaser and the Surviving Corporation shall not
    be required to pay an annual premium for the D&O Insurance
    in excess of 200% of the annual premium currently paid by the
    Company for such insurance, but in such case shall purchase as
    much such coverage as possible for such amount.

(e) From and after the Effective Time,
    Purchaser shall unconditionally guarantee the timely payment of
    all funds owing by, and the timely performance of all other
    obligations of, the Surviving Corporation under this
    Section 6.05.

(f) Nothing contained in this
    Section 6.05 is intended to limit in any manner and at any
    time rights that any Indemnified Party or any Covered Person may
    have under and in accordance with all provisions of the
    Companys certificate of incorporation and its bylaws in
    each case dealing with indemnification, or any contract or
    agreement in effect on the date hereof or whose execution
    following the date hereof is permitted by the terms of this
    Agreement, which rights shall survive the Effective Time and
    shall be binding on the Surviving Corporation and all successors
    and assigns of the Surviving Corporation, in accordance with
    their respective terms.

(g) This Section 6.05 shall survive the
    consummation of the Merger at the Effective Time, is intended to
    benefit the Company, the Surviving Corporation, the Indemnified
    Parties and the Covered Persons, shall be binding on all
    successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation and
    Purchaser and shall be enforceable by the Indemnified Parties
    and the Covered Persons.

SECTION 6.06     
Public
Announcements.
 Purchaser and the Company will consult with
each other before issuing, and provide each other the
opportunity to review, comment upon and concur with, any press
release or other public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the
Merger and shall not issue any such press release or make any
such public statement prior to such consultation, except as
either party may determine is required by applicable law, by
court process or by obligations pursuant to any listing
agreement with any national securities exchange. The parties
agree that the initial press release to be issued with respect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
the form heretofore agreed to by the parties.

SECTION 6.07     
Financing.

The Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary shall use their best
efforts promptly to obtain and deliver to the Company a binding
commitment letter from a nationally recognized financial
institution to provide the Financing on customary terms and
conditions (but not including a due diligence condition or a
condition requiring any further credit approval) and otherwise
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company (a
Commitment Letter) on or before June 2, 2003,
and the Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary shall consummate the
Financing on or before August 29, 2003 (provided that the
mutual conditions set forth in Section 7.01 and the
Purchasers conditions set forth in

A-30



Section 7.02 shall have been satisfied or
that the Company stands ready, willing and able to satisfy such
conditions).

SECTION 6.08     
Notification
of Certain Matters.
 The Company shall give prompt notice to
the Purchaser, and (in the case of clauses (a) and
(d) of this Section 6.08 only) the Purchaser and the
Merger Subsidiary shall give prompt notice to the Company, of
(a) the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any event,
which occurrence or failure to occur has caused or is reasonably
likely to cause any representation or warranty of such party
contained in this Agreement or the other agreements contemplated
hereby to be untrue at any time from the date of this Agreement
to the Closing Date, (b) any material adverse effect with
respect to the Company or any event, change, occurrence, effect,
fact, condition, development or circumstance or series of
events, changes, occurrences, effects, facts, conditions,
developments or circumstances that would reasonably be expected
to result in a material adverse effect with respect to the
Company, (c) any material claims, actions, proceedings,
litigation or governmental investigations commenced or, to its
knowledge, threatened, involving or affecting the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or any of their material property or assets
or the transactions contemplated hereby which would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company, or
(d) any failure of the Purchaser or the Merger Subsidiary
or of any officer, director, employee or agent thereof to comply
in all material respects with or satisfy any material covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
hereunder. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, no such notification shall affect the representations,
warranties or covenants of any party or the conditions to the
obligations of any party hereunder, nor shall it limit or
otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the party
receiving such notice. Each of the Company and the Purchaser
shall give prompt notice to the other party of any notice or
other communication from any third party or Governmental Entity
alleging that the consent of such third party or Governmental
Entity is or may be required in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 6.09     
Resignations.

Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall request and
obtain written resignations of all of the directors and officers
of the Company and each of its subsidiaries effective as of the
Effective Time (the Resignations).

SECTION 6.10     
Financial
Statements.
 During the period prior to the Closing Date, the
Company shall provide the Purchaser as promptly as practicable
(and in any event within thirty (30) days following the end
of each month) with a copy of an unaudited consolidated balance
sheet of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for each
of the months ended prior to the Closing Date (commencing with
the month ended March 31, 2003), and the related
consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders equity
and cash flows for the month then ended.

SECTION 6.11     
Severance
Payments.
 Schedule 6.11 hereto sets forth a list of
each person entitled to receive any severance payments or other
consideration as a result of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement other than consideration received solely as a
result of such person holding Common Shares, Options or
Warrants. Schedule 6.11 also sets forth the amount of any
such payments or consideration.

SECTION 6.12     
Exemption
From State Takeover Laws.
 The Company shall take all
reasonable steps necessary to exempt the Merger from the
requirements of any state takeover statute or other similar
state law which would prevent or impede the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, by action of the
Companys Board of Directors or otherwise.

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION 7.01     
Mutual
Conditions.
 The respective obligations of each party to
effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction prior to the
Effective Time of the following conditions:

(a) The Company Stockholder Approval shall
    have been obtained.

(b) No federal or state statute, rule or
    regulation will be enacted, promulgated, entered, or enforced
    that would prohibit consummation of the Merger or of the other
    transactions contemplated by this

A-31



Agreement; provided that the parties to this
    Agreement agree to use their respective commercially reasonable
    efforts to have any such injunction, decree, or order lifted.

(c) Neither Purchaser nor the Company shall
    be subject to (i) any law, order, stay, decree, judgment or
    injunction of any Governmental Entity which enjoins, prohibits
    or materially restricts the Merger that has not been vacated,
    dismissed or withdrawn as of the Effective Time (provided that
    the parties to this Agreement agree to use their respective
    commercially reasonable efforts to have any such order, stay,
    decree, judgment or injunction lifted), or (ii) any pending
    or threatened (in writing) litigation or proceeding by any
    Governmental Entity which seeks to enjoin or prohibit the Merger
    or to impose material damages on Purchaser or the Company by
    reason thereof and which, in any case, has a reasonable
    likelihood of success.

(d) The waiting period applicable to the
    consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act will have expired
    or been terminated.

SECTION 7.02     
Additional
Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser and the Merger
Subsidiary.
 The obligations of Purchaser and the Merger
Subsidiary to effect the Merger are also subject to the
following conditions:

(a) Each of the representations and
    warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement, ignoring
    for purposes of considering satisfaction of this condition any
    exception or qualification as to materiality or material adverse
    effect contained in such representations and warranties, will be
    true and correct as of the Closing Date as though made on and as
    of the Closing Date (provided that those representations and
    warranties that address matters only as of a particular date
    will remain true and correct as of such specified date), except
    where the failure to be so true and correct would not,
    individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
    a material adverse effect on the Company or its ability to
    consummate the Merger. Purchaser will have received a
    certificate of an executive officer of the Company to such
    effect.

(b) The Company will have performed or
    complied in all material respects with all agreements and
    covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied
    with by it on or prior to the Closing Date. Purchaser will have
    received a certificate of an executive officer of the Company to
    that effect.

(c) The Company will have delivered, or
    caused to be delivered, to Purchaser:

(i) a certificate of good standing from the
    Delaware Secretary of State and of comparable authority in other
    jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries are
    incorporated or qualified to do business stating that each is a
    validly existing corporation in good standing (with respect to
    the jurisdictions which recognize such concept);

(ii) a copy of the certificate of
    incorporation, certified by the appropriate public official, and
    a copy of the bylaws, certified by the Secretary of each such
    entity, for the Company and each of its subsidiaries; and

(iii) duly adopted resolutions of the Board
    of Directors of the Company approving the execution, delivery
    and performance of this Agreement and the instruments
    contemplated hereby, and duly adopted resolutions of the
    stockholders of the Company adopting this Agreement, each
    certified by the Secretary of the Company.

(d) From and including the date of this
    Agreement, there will not have occurred a material adverse
    change in the Company, and no action, suit or proceeding shall
    have been instituted by any person for monetary damages before a
    court or any Governmental Entity arising out of the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement and that would, individually or
    in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect on the Purchaser.

(e) Purchaser will have received evidence,
    in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that all
    licenses, permits, consents, approvals, waivers, authorizations,
    qualifications and orders of, and declarations, registrations
    and filings required under the terms, conditions or provisions
    of, any person or

A-32



matter set forth in Schedule 7.02(e) have
    been obtained or made, by the Company, without the imposition of
    any material limitations, prohibitions or requirements, and are
    in full force and effect.

(f) No Governmental Entity shall have
    enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute,
    rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or other
    order which is in effect and which (i) prohibits or limits
    materially the ownership or operation by Purchaser, the Merger
    Subsidiary or any of their subsidiaries of all or any material
    portion of the business or assets of the Company and its
    subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or compels the Purchaser, the
    Merger Subsidiary, or any of their respective subsidiaries to
    dispose of or hold separate all or any material portion of the
    business or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as
    a whole, (ii) imposes material limitations on the ability
    of the Purchaser, the Merger Subsidiary or any other subsidiary
    of the Purchaser to acquire or hold, or to exercise effectively
    full rights of ownership of, the Company, or (iii) requires
    divestitures by the Purchaser, the Merger Subsidiary or any
    other affiliate of the Purchaser of any material assets.

(g) Purchaser shall have received the
    Resignations.

(h) The Voting Agreement, of even date
    herewith, by and between the Purchaser and each of Ramsay
    Holdings HSA Limited, Paul Ramsay Holdings Pty. Limited, Ramsay
    Hospitals Pty. Limited, and Paul J. Ramsay shall be in full
    force and effect.

(i) The Voting Agreement, of even date
    herewith, by and between the Purchaser and Luis E. Lamela shall
    be in full force and effect.

(j) The number of Dissenting Shares shall
    not exceed 7.5% of the number of shares of Company Common Stock
    outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.

(k) The Company shall have delivered to the
    Purchaser (i) waivers executed by the holders of Out of the
    Money Options representing at least 90% of all Company Common
    Shares issuable pursuant to all outstanding Out of the Money
    Options evidencing their agreement that the Out of the Money
    Options held by such holders will be canceled as of Closing and
    (ii) duly adopted resolutions of the Board of Directors of
    the Company or the appropriate committee of such Board adjusting
    (A) the terms of all Options which provide for an exercise
    price per share of Company Common Stock which is greater than or
    equal to the Merger Consideration to provide that, following the
    Effective Time, all such Options represent the right to receive
    no value and (B) the terms of all Options which provide for
    an exercise price per share of Company Common Stock which is
    less than the Merger Consideration to provide that, following
    the Effective Time, all such Options represent the right to
    receive only the Option Consideration.

SECTION 7.03     
Additional
Conditions to Obligations of the Company.
 The obligations of
the Company to effect the Merger are also subject to the
following conditions:

(a) Each of the representations and
    warranties of the Purchaser and the Merger Subsidiary contained
    in this Agreement, ignoring for purposes of considering
    satisfaction of this condition any exception or qualification as
    to materiality or material adverse effect contained in such
    representations and warranties, will be true and correct as of
    the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date,
    provided that those representations and warranties that address
    matters only of a particular date will remain true and correct
    as of such specified date, except where the failure to be so
    true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate,
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
    Purchasers ability to consummate the Merger. The Company
    will have received a certificate of an executive officer of the
    Purchaser to such effect.

(b) Purchaser will have, and will cause the
    Merger Subsidiary to have, performed or complied in all material
    respects with all agreements and covenants required by this
    Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or prior
    to the Closing Date. The Company will have received a
    certificate of an executive officer of Purchaser to such effect.

A-33



ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 8.01     
Termination.

This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, whether before or after the Company Stockholder
Approval (provided, however, that if the Merger is consummated,
neither the Company nor the Merger Subsidiary may in any event
terminate this Agreement):

(a) by mutual written consent of Purchaser
    and the Company; or

(b) by either Purchaser or the Company by
    notice in writing to the other party:

(i) if the Company Stockholder Approval has
    not been obtained on or before the close of business (Eastern
    Time) on September 3, 2003, provided that the party seeking
    termination is not in material breach of this Agreement; or

(ii) if any Governmental Entity shall have
    permanently enjoined, restrained or otherwise prohibited the
    consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement; or

(c) by Purchaser, if the Company shall have
    breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its
    representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements
    contained in this Agreement (other than the covenants contained
    in Section 6.04(c) or (d)), which breach or failure to
    perform (a) would give rise to the failure of a condition
    set forth in Sections 7.02(a) or 7.02(b), and (b) cannot be
    or has not been cured within 30 days after Purchasers
    giving written notice to the Company of such breach (a
    Company Material Breach) (provided that Purchaser is
    not then in Purchaser Material Breach of any representation,
    warranty, covenant or other agreement contained in this
    Agreement); or

(d) by Purchaser, if either (i) the
    Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof shall
    have withdrawn its approval or recommendation of the Merger or
    this Agreement or approved or recommended any Acquisition
    Proposal, or (ii) the Stockholder Approval shall not have
    been given at the Stockholders Meeting; or

(e) by the Company, if Purchaser shall have
    breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its
    representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements
    contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform
    (a) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth
    in Sections 7.03(a) or 7.03(b), and (b) cannot be or
    has not been cured within 30 days after the Companys
    giving written notice to Purchaser of such breach (a
    Purchaser Material Breach) (provided that the
    Company is not then in Company Material Breach of any
    representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained
    in this Agreement); or

(f) by the Company, if Purchaser shall not
    have obtained (and delivered to the Company) on or prior to the
    close of business (Eastern Time) on June 2, 2003 a
    Commitment Letter; or

(g) by the Company, if it proposes to accept
    a Superior Proposal and no corresponding Top-Up Amendment is
    made pursuant to Section 5.02; or

(h) by the Company, if the Purchaser shall
    not have consummated the Financing on or before the close of
    business (Eastern Time) on August 29, 2003 (provided that
    the mutual conditions set forth in Section 7.01 and the
    Purchasers conditions set forth in Section 7.02 shall
    have been satisfied or that the Company stands ready, willing
    and able to satisfy such conditions but for the Purchaser not
    having consummated the Financing on or before such date and
    time).

SECTION 8.02     
Effect
of Termination.
 (a) In the event of termination of this
Agreement by either the Company or Purchaser as provided in
Section 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void
and have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the
part of Purchaser, the Merger Subsidiary or the Company, other
than the provisions of the last sentence of Section 6.02,
this Section 8.02 and Article IX.

(b) Except as set forth in this
    Section 8.02, all fees and expenses incurred in connection
    with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
    shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses,

A-34



whether or not the Merger is consummated;
    provided, however, that the Purchaser and the Company shall
    share equally all fees and expenses, other than their respective
    accountants and attorneys fees, incurred in relation
    to the filing and printing of the Proxy Statement (including any
    related preliminary materials) and any amendments or
    supplements; provided, further, the Company shall bear the
    expenses of mailing the Proxy Statement and any other materials
    to its own stockholders.

(c) Purchaser shall pay the Companys
    reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
    this Agreement (and the transactions contemplated hereby),
    including the reasonable fees and expenses of financial
    advisors, accountants and legal counsel and printing and filing
    and mailing fees and expenses (collectively, Termination
    Expenses), in immediately available funds, within two
    (2) Business Days following termination of this Agreement
    by the Company pursuant to Section 8.01(e), and the Company
    shall pay Purchasers and the Merger Subsidiarys
    Termination Expenses in immediately available funds within two
    (2) Business Days following termination of this Agreement
    by Purchaser pursuant to Section 8.01(c).

(d) If this Agreement shall have been
    terminated pursuant to Section 8.01(d) or (g), then the
    Company shall pay the Purchaser an amount equal to $2,250,000
    (the Break-up Fee). Payment of any amounts pursuant
    to this Section 8.02(d) shall be made as directed by the
    Purchaser, by wire transfer in immediately available funds
    promptly on the day of such termination.

(e) If within six months after termination
    of this Agreement by Purchaser pursuant to Section 8.01(c)
    as a result of a Company Material Breach, the Company enters
    into a definitive agreement concerning a Superior Proposal or
    consummates a Superior Proposal with any person with whom the
    Company has entered into a confidentiality agreement concerning
    an Acquisition Proposal at any time prior to such termination,
    then upon entering into such definitive agreement or
    consummating such Superior Proposal, the Company shall pay the
    Purchaser an amount equal to the difference between (i) the
    Break-up Fee and (ii) the Termination Expenses previously
    paid to the Purchaser pursuant to Section 8.02(c), as
    directed by the Purchaser, by wire transfer in immediately
    available funds.

(f) If this Agreement shall have been
    terminated pursuant to Section 8.01(f) or (h), then the
    Purchaser shall pay the Company an amount equal to the Break-up
    Fee. Payment of any amounts pursuant to this
    Section 8.02(f) shall be made as directed by the Company,
    by wire transfer in immediately available funds promptly on the
    day of such termination.

(g) The payment of any Break-up Fee and/or
    expenses pursuant to Section 8.02(c), (d), (e) or
    (f) shall be full compensation for the loss suffered by the
    Purchaser or the Company, as applicable, as a result of the
    failure of the Merger to be consummated.

SECTION 8.03     
Amendment.

This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before
or after the Company Stockholder Approval; provided, however,
that after any such Company Stockholder Approval, there shall
not be made any amendment that by law requires further approval
by the stockholders of the Company without the further approval
of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except
by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties.

SECTION 8.04     
Extension;
Waiver.
 At any time prior to the Effective Time, a party may
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the
other parties contained in this Agreement or in any document
delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) subject to the
proviso of Section 8.03, waive compliance by the other
party with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this
Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The
failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its
rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a
waiver of such rights.

SECTION 8.05     
Procedure
for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver.
 A
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01, an
amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.03 or an
extension or waiver pursuant to Section 8.04 shall, in
order to be effective, require, in the case of Purchaser or the
Company, action by its Board of Directors.

A-35



ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 9.01     
Nonsurvival
of Representations and Warranties.
 None of the
representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive
the Effective Time. This Section 9.01 shall not limit any
covenant or agreement of the parties which by its express terms
contemplates performance after the Effective Time.

SECTION 9.02     
Notices.

All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given if delivered personally, telecopied (which is confirmed)
or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to
the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

(a) if to Purchaser or the Merger
Subsidiary, to

Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.

113 Seaboard Lane, Suite C-100

Franklin, TN 37067

Telecopy No.: (615) 312-5711

Attention: Joey A. Jacobs

with a copy to:

Waller Lansden Dortch & Davis, PLLC

511 Union Street, Suite 2100

Nashville, TN 37219

Telecopy No.: (615) 244-6804

Attention: Christopher L. Howard, Esq.

and

(b) if to the Company, to

Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.

Columbus Center

One Alhambra Plaza, Suite 750

Coral Gables, FL 33134

Telecopy No.: (305) 569-4648

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

with copies to:

Thomas M. Haythe, Esq.

780 Third Avenue, 29th Floor

New York, New York 10017

Telecopy No.: (212) 319-6241

and

Torys LLP

237 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Telecopy No.: (212) 880-6224

Attention: Bradley P. Cost, Esq.

SECTION 9.03     
Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
including by telecopy, all of which shall be considered one and
the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties.

A-36



SECTION 9.04     
Governing
Law.
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware,
regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under
applicable principles of conflict of laws thereof.

SECTION 9.05     
Assignment.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or
in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by any of the parties
hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties.
Any assignment in violation of the preceding sentence shall be
void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by,
the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

SECTION
9.06     
Enforcement.
 The
parties agree that irreparable damage would occur and that the
parties would not have any adequate remedy at law in the event
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of
this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions of this Agreement in any federal court located in the
State of Delaware or in Delaware state court, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law
or in equity. In addition, each of the parties hereto
(a) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction
of any federal court located in the State of Delaware or any
Delaware state court in the event any dispute arises out of this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or
defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for
leave from any such court, and (c) agrees that it will not
bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other
than a federal court sitting in the State of Delaware or a
Delaware state court.

SECTION 9.07     
Tax
Treatment.
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
Purchaser and the Company and its subsidiaries, and their
employees, representatives and other agents, may (but shall not
be obligated to) disclose to any and all persons without
limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and the tax structure
of the Merger and all materials of any kind (including opinions
or other tax analyses) that are provided to any of them relating
to such tax treatment and tax structure, except where reasonably
necessary to comply with federal, state or securities laws. The
foregoing disclosure shall be permitted on the earlier of
(a) the date of the public announcement of discussions of
the Merger, (b) the date of the public announcement of the
Merger, or (c) the effective date of the execution of this
Agreement. This provision shall in no way limit the rights of
Purchaser or the Company and its subsidiaries to consult any tax
advisor of its choice regarding the tax treatment or structure
of the Merger. For purposes of this paragraph, the terms
tax, tax treatment, tax
structure, and tax benefit are defined under
Treasury Regulation  1.6011-4(c).

SECTION
9.08     
Entire Agreement.
 This
Agreement (including the schedules, documents and instruments
referred to herein) and the Non-Disclosure Agreement
(a) constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement and (b) except for the provisions of Article III
and Sections 6.04 and 6.05, are not intended to confer upon
any person, other than the parties, any rights or remedies.

SECTION
9.09     
Invalid Provision.
 If
any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid
or unenforceable under present or future laws, such provision
shall be fully severable, this Agreement shall be construed and
enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision
had never comprised a part of this Agreement, and the remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision or by its severance from this Agreement.
Furthermore, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to duly
amend this Agreement by replacing such illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision with a legal, valid and enforceable
provision, the economic effect of which comes as close as
possible to that of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable
provision.

* * *

A-37



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Purchaser, the Merger
Subsidiary and the Company have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized,
all as of the date first written above.

RAMSAY YOUTH SERVICES, INC.

By: 

/s/ LUIS E. LAMELA

Name: Luis E. Lamela

Title:

President and Chief Executive Officer

PSYCHIATRIC SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: 

/s/ JOEY A. JACOBS

Name: Joey A. Jacobs

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

PSI ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

By: 

/s/ JOEY A. JACOBS

Name: Joey A. Jacobs

Title:

President

A-38



ANNEX B

EXECUTION COPY

STOCKHOLDER VOTING AGREEMENT

STOCKHOLDER VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of
April 8, 2003 between Psychiatric Solutions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (Acquiror), and each of Paul J.
Ramsay (Ramsay), Ramsay Holdings HSA Limited
(HSA), Paul Ramsay Holdings Pty. Limited
(Holdings) and Paul Ramsay Hospitals Pty. Limited
(Hospitals) (Ramsay, HSA, Holdings and Hospitals
being, collectively, the Stockholder).

WHEREAS, Acquiror, Acquirors wholly owned
subsidiary, PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Subsidiary), and Ramsay Youth Services, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), are entering
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated the date hereof (the
Merger Agreement), which provides for the merger of
the Subsidiary with the Company, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement (the
Merger). Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned thereto in
the Merger Agreement.

WHEREAS, Stockholder is the beneficial owner of
approximately 59.4% of the outstanding common stock, par value
$.01 per share, of the Company (the Company Common
Stock).

WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of
Acquiror and the Subsidiary to enter into the Merger Agreement,
Stockholder has agreed to vote all of the shares of Company
Common Stock owned by Stockholder as of the date hereof and any
shares acquired by Stockholder after the date hereof (including
any shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of any options or
rights to purchase, the conversion of convertible securities or
otherwise) (collectively, the Shares) as provided in
this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

1.     
Agreement to
Vote.
 Stockholder agrees that, during the time this
Agreement is in effect, at any meeting of the stockholders of
the Company, however called, or in connection with any written
consent of the stockholders of the Company, Stockholder shall
vote (or cause to be voted) the Shares (i) in favor of the
adoption of the Merger Agreement and each of the other actions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement and any actions required in
furtherance hereof and thereof; (ii) against any action or
agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
of the Company under the Merger Agreement; and (iii) except
as specifically requested in writing by Acquiror in advance,
against the following actions (other than the Merger and the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement): (1) any
extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger,
consolidation or other business combination involving the
Company or its subsidiaries; (2) a sale, lease or transfer
of a material amount of assets of the Company or its
subsidiaries or a reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution
or liquidation of the Company or its subsidiaries; and (3)
(a) any change in the majority of the board of directors of
the Company; (b) any material change in the present
capitalization of the Company or any amendment of the
Companys Certificate of Incorporation; (c) any other
material change in the Companys corporate structure or
business; or (d) any other action which is intended or
could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay,
postpone, discourage or materially adversely affect the Merger
or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
Stockholder shall not enter into any agreement or understanding
with any person or entity prior to the termination of this
Agreement or vote or give instructions prior to the termination
of this Agreement in any manner inconsistent with clauses (i),
(ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence.

2.     
Limitation.

Stockholder will retain at all times the right to vote the
Shares, in Stockholders sole discretion, on all matters
other than those set forth in Section 1 of this agreement
which are at any time or from time to time presented for a vote
to the Companys stockholders generally.

B-1



3.     
Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of Stockholder.
 Stockholder
represents and warrants to, and agrees with, Acquiror that:

(a) this Agreement has been duly executed
    and delivered by Stockholder and constitutes a valid and legally
    binding obligation of Stockholder enforceable in accordance with
    its terms;

(b) Stockholder is not subject to or
    obligated under any provision of (i) any contract,
    (ii) any license, franchise or permit or (iii) any
    law, regulation, order judgment or decree which would be
    breached or violated by Stockholders execution, delivery
    and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated hereby;

(c) no authorization, consent or approval
    of, or any filing with, any public body or authority is
    necessary for consummation by Stockholder of the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement;

(d) as of the date of this Agreement, the
    Shares consist of:

(i) 5,916 shares of Company Common Stock
    owned by Ramsay and 550,000 shares of Company Common Stock which
    may be acquired upon the exercise by Ramsay of stock options
    which provide for an exercise price per share which is less than
    $5.00 (which options are currently exercisable as to 366,666
    shares);

(ii) 3,731,339 shares of Company Common
    Stock owned by Holdings;

(iii) 751,024 shares of Company Common Stock
    owned by Hospitals; and

(iv) 906,352 shares of Company Common Stock
    owned by HSA; and

(e) on the date hereof Stockholder has, and
    Stockholder will have at all times up to the earlier of
    (i) the termination of this Agreement or (ii) the
    Effective Time, the unrestricted power to vote the Shares and
    the sole power to demand appraisal rights with respect to the
    Shares.

4.     
Expenses.

Each party will pay its or his own expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement.

5.     
Capacity.

The parties hereby agree that Ramsay is executing this Agreement
solely in his individual capacity and in his capacity as an
authorized signatory on behalf of each of HSA, Hospitals and
Holdings. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit or
otherwise affect Ramsays conduct or exercise of his
fiduciary and other duties, rights or entitlements as a director
or Chairman of the Company.

6.     
Amendment.

This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or
supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written
agreement executed by Acquiror and Stockholder. No party to this
Agreement may assign any of its or his rights or obligations
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the
other party, except that the rights and obligations of Acquiror
hereunder may be assigned by Acquiror to any of its corporate
affiliates.

7.     
Notices.

All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be given and shall be deemed to have been duly
given if delivered in person, by cable, telegram, telex or
facsimile transmission, to the parties as follows:

If to Stockholder:

c/o Paul J. Ramsay

Ramsay Health Care Ltd.

154 Pacific Hwy, 9th Floor

St. Leonards NSW 2065

Australia

With a copy to:

Thomas M. Haythe, Esq.

780 Third Avenue, 29th Floor

New York, New York 10017

Telecopy No.: (212) 319-6241

B-2



If to Acquiror:

Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.

113 Seaboard Lane, Suite C-100

Franklin, TN 37067

Telecopy No.: (615) 312-5711

Attention: Joey A. Jacobs

or to such other address as either party may have
furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except
that notices of change of address shall only be effective upon
receipt.

8.     
Counterparts;
Facsimile Signature.
 This Agreement may be executed in two
or more counterparts, including by facsimile signature, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same document.

9.     
Governing
Law.
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

10.     
Binding
Effect.
 This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of, and be enforceable by the heirs, personal
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the
parties. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement is
intended or shall be construed to give any person other than the
parties to this Agreement, or their respective heirs, personal
representatives, successors or assigns, any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or
any provision contained herein.

11.     
Entire
Agreement.
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

12.     
Termination.

This Agreement shall terminate on the earlier to occur of
(i) the Effective Time, (ii) termination of the Merger
Agreement or (iii) at the option of the Stockholder, the
execution or granting of any amendment, modification, change or
waiver with respect to the Merger Agreement subsequent to the
date of this Agreement, that results in any decrease in the
price to be paid per share for the shares of Company Common
Stock. Upon termination, this Agreement shall forthwith become
void and there shall be no liability or obligations hereunder on
the part of either Acquiror or Stockholder, except to the extent
of any other relief due to Acquiror under Section 15 hereof.

13.     
Severability.

If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated.

14.     
Further
Assurances.
 Stockholder will, upon the request of Acquiror,
execute and deliver such documents and take such action
reasonably deemed by Acquiror to be necessary or desirable to
effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

15.     
Remedies.

The parties hereto acknowledge that Acquiror will be irreparably
harmed and that there will be no adequate remedy at law for a
violation of any of the covenants or agreements of Stockholder
set forth herein. Therefore, it is agreed that, in addition to
any other remedies that may be available to Acquiror upon any
such violation, Acquiror shall have the right to enforce such
covenants and agreements by specific performance, injunctive
relief or by any other means available to Acquiror at law or in
equity.

16.     
Transfers of
Shares; Limitations.
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be
deemed to prohibit or restrict the right of Ramsay, Holdings,
Hospital and HSA to transfer Shares to any corporation or entity
wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by Ramsay; provided,
however, that the transferee shall in each case agree in
writing, as a condition of such transfer, to be bound by the
provisions of this Agreement. Except as expressly contemplated
by this Agreement, Stockholder will not, directly or indirectly,
voluntarily: (i) offer for sale, sell, transfer, tender,
pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, enforce or
permit the execution of the provisions of any redemption
agreement with the Company or enter into any contract, option or
other arrangement or understanding with respect to or consent to
the offer for sale, sale, transfer, tender, pledge,

B-3



encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of,
any or all of the Shares or any interest therein;
(ii) grant any proxies or powers of attorney, deposit any
Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement with
respect to any Shares; or (iii) take any action that would
make any representation or warranty of Stockholder contained
herein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of preventing or
disabling Stockholder from performing Stockholders
obligations under this Agreement.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year
first above written.

ACQUIROR:

STOCKHOLDER:

PSYCHIATRIC SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: /s/ JOEY A. JACOBS

/s/ PAUL J. RAMSAY

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Paul J. Ramsay

Ramsay Holdings HSA Limited

By: /s/ PAUL J. RAMSAY

Title: 

Paul Ramsay Holdings PTY. Limited

By: /s/ PAUL J. RAMSAY

Title: 

Paul Ramsay Hospitals PTY. Limited

By: /s/ PAUL J. RAMSAY

    -----------------------------------------------------

    Title: 

B-4



ANNEX C

EXECUTION COPY

STOCKHOLDER VOTING AGREEMENT

STOCKHOLDER VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of
April 8, 2003 between Psychiatric Solutions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (Acquiror), and Luis E. Lamela
(the Stockholder).

WHEREAS, Acquiror, Acquirors wholly owned
subsidiary, PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Subsidiary), and Ramsay Youth Services, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), are entering
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated the date hereof (the
Merger Agreement), which provides for the merger of
the Subsidiary with the Company, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement (the
Merger). Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned thereto in
the Merger Agreement.

WHEREAS, Stockholder is the beneficial owner of
approximately 10.9% of the outstanding common stock, par value
$.01 per share, of the Company (the Company Common
Stock).

WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of
Acquiror and the Subsidiary to enter into the Merger Agreement,
Stockholder has agreed to vote all of the shares of Company
Common Stock owned by Stockholder as of the date hereof and any
shares acquired by Stockholder after the date hereof (including
any shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of any options or
rights to purchase, the conversion of convertible securities or
otherwise) (collectively, the Shares) as provided in
this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

1.     
Agreement to
Vote.
 Stockholder agrees that, during the time this
Agreement is in effect, at any meeting of the stockholders of
the Company, however called, or in connection with any written
consent of the stockholders of the Company, Stockholder shall
vote (or cause to be voted) the Shares (i) in favor of the
adoption of the Merger Agreement and each of the other actions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement and any actions required in
furtherance hereof and thereof; (ii) against any action or
agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
of the Company under the Merger Agreement; and (iii) except
as specifically requested in writing by Acquiror in advance,
against the following actions (other than the Merger and the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement): (1) any
extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger,
consolidation or other business combination involving the
Company or its subsidiaries; (2) a sale, lease or transfer
of a material amount of assets of the Company or its
subsidiaries or a reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution
or liquidation of the Company or its subsidiaries; and (3)
(a) any change in the majority of the board of directors of
the Company; (b) any material change in the present
capitalization of the Company or any amendment of the
Companys Certificate of Incorporation; (c) any other
material change in the Companys corporate structure or
business; or (d) any other action which is intended or
could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay,
postpone, discourage or materially adversely affect the Merger
or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
Stockholder shall not enter into any agreement or understanding
with any person or entity prior to the termination of this
Agreement or vote or give instructions prior to the termination
of this Agreement in any manner inconsistent with clauses (i),
(ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence.

2.     
Limitation.

Stockholder will retain at all times the right to vote the
Shares, in Stockholders sole discretion, on all matters
other than those set forth in Section 1 of this agreement
which are at any time or from time to time presented for a vote
to the Companys stockholders generally.

3.     
Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of Stockholder.
 Stockholder
represents and warrants to, and agrees with, Acquiror that:

(a) this Agreement has been duly executed
    and delivered by Stockholder and constitutes a valid and legally
    binding obligation of Stockholder enforceable in accordance with
    its terms;

C-1



(b) Stockholder is not subject to or
    obligated under any provision of (i) any contract,
    (ii) any license, franchise or permit or (iii) any
    law, regulation, order judgment or decree which would be
    breached or violated by Stockholders execution, delivery
    and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated hereby;

(c) no authorization, consent or approval
    of, or any filing with, any public body or authority is
    necessary for consummation by Stockholder of the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement;

(d) as of the date of this Agreement, the
    Shares consist of 546,806 shares of Company Common Stock owned
    by the Stockholder and 550,000 shares of Company Common Stock
    which may be acquired upon the exercise by the Stockholder of
    stock options which provide for an exercise price per share
    which is less than $5.00 (which options are currently
    exercisable as to 366,666 shares);

(e) on the date hereof Stockholder has, and
    Stockholder will have at all times up to the earlier of
    (i) the termination of this Agreement or (ii) the
    Effective Time, the unrestricted power to vote the Shares and
    the sole power to demand appraisal rights with respect to the
    Shares.

4.     
Expenses.

Each party will pay its or his own expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement.

5.     
Capacity.

The parties hereby agree that Stockholder is executing this
Agreement solely in his individual capacity and in his capacity.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit or otherwise
affect Stockholders conduct or exercise of his fiduciary
and other duties, rights or entitlements as a director or
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

6.     
Amendment.

This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or
supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written
agreement executed by Acquiror and Stockholder. No party to this
Agreement may assign any of its or his rights or obligations
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the
other party, except that the rights and obligations of Acquiror
hereunder may be assigned by Acquiror to any of its corporate
affiliates.

7.     
Notices.

All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be given and shall be deemed to have been duly
given if delivered in person, by cable, telegram, telex or
facsimile transmission, to the parties as follows:

If to Stockholder:

Luis E. Lamela

6 Turtle Walk

Key Biscayne, FL 33149

With a copy to:

Thomas M. Haythe Esq.

780 Third Avenue, 29th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Telecopy No.: (212) 319-6241

If to Acquiror:

Psychiatric Solutions, Inc.

113 Seaboard Lane, Suite C-100

Franklin, TN 37067

Telecopy No.: (615) 312-5711

Attention: Joey A. Jacobs

or to such other address as either party may have
furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except
that notices of change of address shall only be effective upon
receipt.

8.     
Counterparts;
Facsimile Signature.
 This Agreement may be executed in two
or more counterparts, including by facsimile signature, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same document.

C-2



9.     
Governing
Law.
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

10.     
Binding
Effect.
 This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of, and be enforceable by the heirs, personal
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the
parties. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement is
intended or shall be construed to give any person other than the
parties to this Agreement, or their respective heirs, personal
representatives, successors or assigns, any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or
any provision contained herein.

11.     
Entire
Agreement.
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

12.     
Termination.

This Agreement shall terminate on the earlier to occur of
(i) the Effective Time, (ii) termination of the Merger
Agreement or (iii) at the option of the Stockholder, the
execution or granting of any amendment, modification, change or
waiver with respect to the Merger Agreement subsequent to the
date of this Agreement, that results in any decrease in the
price to be paid per share for the shares of Company Common
Stock. Upon termination, this Agreement shall forthwith become
void and there shall be no liability or obligations hereunder on
the part of either Acquiror or Stockholder, except to the extent
of any other relief due to Acquiror under Section 15 hereof.

13.     
Severability.

If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated.

14.     
Further
Assurances.
 Stockholder will, upon the request of Acquiror,
execute and deliver such documents and take such action
reasonably deemed by Acquiror to be necessary or desirable to
effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

15.     
Remedies.

The parties hereto acknowledge that Acquiror will be irreparably
harmed and that there will be no adequate remedy at law for a
violation of any of the covenants or agreements of Stockholder
set forth herein. Therefore, it is agreed that, in addition to
any other remedies that may be available to Acquiror upon any
such violation, Acquiror shall have the right to enforce such
covenants and agreements by specific performance, injunctive
relief or by any other means available to Acquiror at law or in
equity.

16.     
Transfers of
Shares; Limitations.
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be
deemed to prohibit or restrict the right of Stockholder to
transfer Shares to any corporation or entity wholly owned,
directly or indirectly, by Stockholder; provided, however, that
the transferee shall in each case agree in writing, as a
condition of such transfer, to be bound by the provisions of
this Agreement. Except as expressly contemplated by this
Agreement, Stockholder will not, directly or indirectly,
voluntarily: (i) offer for sale, sell, transfer, tender,
pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, enforce or
permit the execution of the provisions of any redemption
agreement with the Company or enter into any contract, option or
other arrangement or understanding with respect to or consent to
the offer for sale, sale, transfer, tender, pledge, encumbrance,
assignment or other disposition of, any or all of the Shares or
any interest therein; (ii) grant any proxies or powers of
attorney, deposit any Shares into a voting trust or enter into a
voting agreement with respect to any Shares; or (iii) take
any action that would make any representation or warranty of
Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect or have the
effect of preventing or disabling Stockholder from performing
Stockholders obligations under this Agreement.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK.

C-3



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year
first above written.

ACQUIROR:

STOCKHOLDER:

PSYCHIATRIC SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: /s/ JOEY A. JACOBS

/s/ LUIS E. LAMELA

Title: Chief Executive Officer

LUIS E. LAMELA

C-4



ANNEX D

[UBS Warburg Logo]

UBS Warburg LLC

299 Park Avenue

    New York, NY 10171-0026

    Telephone 212 821-4000

    www.ubswarburg.com

April 8, 2003

The Board of Directors

Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.

Columbus Center

One Alhambra Plaza Suite 750

Coral Gables, FL 33134

Dear Members of the Board:

We understand that Ramsay Youth Services, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), is considering a
transaction whereby PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and merger subsidiary of Psychiatric Solutions,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (PSI), will merge with
and into the Company.

Pursuant to the terms of a draft Agreement and
Plan of Merger dated April 7, 2003, (the Merger
Agreement) PSI will undertake a series of transactions
whereby the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of PSI
(the Transaction). The terms and conditions of the
Transaction are more fully set forth in the Merger Agreement.
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein have the
meaning given to them in the Merger Agreement.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
all of the issued and outstanding shares of the common stock of
the Company, par value of $0.01 per share, (the Company
Common Stock) will be converted into the right to receive
$5.00 per share (the Consideration) in cash. In
addition, certain issued and outstanding options, warrants and
other stock issuance agreements (the Options) will
be converted into the right to receive for each Option an amount
in cash equal to the Consideration less the applicable exercise
price.

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness
from a financial point of view to the shareholders of the
Company, other than Ramsay Holdings HSA Limited, Paul Ramsay
Holdings Pty. Limited, Ramsay Hospitals Pty. Limited and Paul J.
Ramsay (collectively, the Ramsay Entities), of the
Consideration to be received by the shareholders of the Company
in the Transaction.

UBS Warburg LLC (UBS Warburg) has
acted as financial advisor to the Board of Directors of the
Company in connection with the Transaction and will receive a
fee for its services. UBS Warburg will also receive a fee upon
delivery of this opinion and the Company has agreed to indemnify
us for certain liabilities that may arise out of the rendering
of this opinion. At your request, we have contacted third
parties to solicit indications of interest in a possible
Transaction with the Company and held discussions with certain
of these parties prior to the date hereof. In the ordinary
course of business, UBS Warburg, its successors and affiliates
may trade or have traded securities of the Company or PSI for
their own accounts and the accounts of their customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
such securities.

Our opinion does not address the Companys
underlying business decision to effect the Transaction or
constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of the Company as
to how such shareholder should vote with respect to the
Transaction. At your direction, we have not been asked to, nor
do we, offer any opinion as to the material terms of the Merger
Agreement or the form of the Transaction. In rendering this
opinion, we have assumed, with your consent, that the final
executed form of the Merger Agreement does not differ in any
material respect from the draft that we have examined, and that
PSI and the Company will comply with all the material terms of
the Merger Agreement.

In arriving at our opinion, we have, among other
things: (i) reviewed certain publicly available business
and historical financial information relating to the Company,
(ii) reviewed certain internal financial

D-1



information and other data relating to the
business and financial prospects of the Company, including
estimates and financial forecasts prepared by management of the
Company, that were provided to us by the Company and not
publicly available, (iii) conducted discussions with
members of the senior management of the Company concerning the
business and financial prospects of the Company,
(iv) reviewed publicly available financial and stock market
data with respect to certain other companies in lines of
business we believe to be generally comparable to those of the
Company, (v) compared the financial terms of the
Transaction with the publicly available financial terms of
certain other transactions which we believe to be generally
relevant, (vi) reviewed drafts of the Merger Agreement, and
(vii) conducted such other financial studies, analyses, and
investigations, and considered such other information as we
deemed necessary or appropriate.

In connection with our review, we have not with
your consent assumed any responsibility for independent
verification for any of the information reviewed by us for the
purpose of this opinion and have, with your consent, relied on
such information being complete and accurate in all material
respects. In addition, at your direction, we have not made any
independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the Company, nor have
we been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. With
respect to the financial forecasts and estimates referred to
above, we have assumed, at your direction, that they have been
reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of the
Company as to the Companys future performance. We have
also assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents
and approvals necessary for the consummation of the Transaction
will be obtained without any material adverse effect on the
Company and/or the Transaction. Our opinion is necessarily based
on economic, monetary, market and other conditions as in effect
on, and the information made available to us as of, the date
hereof.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is
our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Consideration to be
received by the holders, other than the Ramsay Entities, of the
shares of Company Common Stock in the Transaction is fair, from
a financial point of view, to the holders of such shares.

Very truly yours,

UBS WARBURG LLC

By: /s/ M. ROBERT DIGIA

 M. ROBERT DIGIA

Managing Director

By: /s/ DONALD M. RITUCCI

 DONALD M. RITUCCI

Director

D-2



ANNEX E

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

SECTION 262.     
Appraisal
Rights.

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this
State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a
demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section with
respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares
through the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who
has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section
and who has neither voted in favor of the merger or
consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to
Section 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal
by the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the
stockholders shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section.
As used in this section, the word stockholder means
a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation and also a
member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words
stock and share mean and include what is
ordinarily meant by those words and also membership or
membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and
the words depository receipt mean a receipt or other
instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in
one or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a
corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for
the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent
corporation in a merger or consolidation to be effected pursuant
to Section 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
Section 251(g) of this title), Section 252,
Section 254, Section 257, Section 258,
Section 263 or Section 264 of this title:

(1) Provided, however, that no appraisal
    rights under this section shall be available for the shares of
    any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository
    receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
    determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to
    vote at the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of
    merger or consolidation, were either (i) listed on a
    national securities exchange or designated as a national market
    system security on an interdealer quotation system by the
    National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or
    (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further
    provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any
    shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a
    merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote
    of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as provided in
    subsection (f) of Section 251 of this title.

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of
    this subsection, appraisal rights under this section shall be
    available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a
    constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by
    the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
    Sections 251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title
    to accept for such stock anything except:

a. Shares of stock of the corporation
    surviving or resulting from such merger or consolidation, or
    depository receipts in respect thereof;

b. Shares of stock of any other corporation,
    or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock
    (or depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository
    receipts at the effective date of the merger or consolidation
    will be either listed on a national securities exchange or
    designated as a national market system security on an
    interdealer quotation system by the National Association of
    Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000
    holders;

c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or
    fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing
    subparagraphs a. and b. of this paragraph; or

d. Any combination of the shares of stock,
    depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or
    fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing
    subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

E-1



(3) In the event all of the stock of a
    subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under
    Section 253 of this title is not owned by the parent
    corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights
    shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware
    corporation.

(c) Any corporation may provide in its
certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this
section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the
corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the corporation. If the
certificate of incorporation contains such a provision, the
procedures of this section, including those set forth in
subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply
as nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as
follows:

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation
    for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to
    be submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, the
    corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
    shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record
    date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
    rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or
    (c) hereof that appraisal rights are available for any or
    all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall
    include in such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder
    electing to demand the appraisal of such stockholders
    shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of
    the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for
    appraisal of such stockholders shares. Such demand will be
    sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the
    identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends
    thereby to demand the appraisal of such stockholders
    shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation
    shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing to
    take such action must do so by a separate written demand as
    herein provided. Within 10 days after the effective date of
    such merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting
    corporation shall notify each stockholder of each constituent
    corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not
    voted in favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of
    the date that the merger or consolidation has become effective;
    or

(2) If the merger or consolidation was
    approved pursuant to Section 228 or Section 253 of
    this title, then either a constituent corporation before the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving
    or resulting corporation within 10 days thereafter shall
    notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of
    such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal
    rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that
    appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and
    shall include in such notice a copy of this section. Such notice
    may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger
    or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder
    entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the
    date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the
    surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such
    holders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
    reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
    stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand
    the appraisal of such holders shares. If such notice did
    not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation, either (i) each such constituent corporation
    shall send a second notice before the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that
    are entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting
    corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders
    on or within 10 days after such effective date; provided,
    however, that if such second notice is sent more than
    20 days following the sending of the first notice, such
    second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is
    entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of
    such holders shares in accordance with this subsection. An
    affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the
    transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give
    either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the
    absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
    therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled
    to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix,
    in advance, a record date that shall be not more than
    10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided,
    that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of
    the merger or consolidation, the record date shall

E-2



be such effective date. If no record date is
    fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the
    record date shall be the close of business on the day next
    preceding the day on which the notice is given.

(e) Within 120 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting
corporation or any stockholder who has complied with subsections
(a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery
demanding a determination of the value of the stock of all such
stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within
60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to withdraw
such stockholders demand for appraisal and to accept the
terms offered upon the merger or consolidation. Within
120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the
requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon
written request, shall be entitled to receive from the
corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of
shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and
with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received
and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written
statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days
after such stockholders written request for such a
statement is received by the surviving or resulting corporation
or within 10 days after expiration of the period for
delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection
(d) hereof, whichever is later.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by
a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the
surviving or resulting corporation, which shall within
20 days after such service file in the office of the
Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly
verified list containing the names and addresses of all
stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with
whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the
petition shall be filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly
verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the
Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the
surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown
on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall
also be given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week
before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general
circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or
such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the
notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the
Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or
resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the
Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with
this section and who have become entitled to appraisal rights.
The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by
certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the
Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the
appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply
with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

(h) After determining the stockholders
entitled to an appraisal, the Court shall appraise the shares,
determining their fair value exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to
be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In
determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account
all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate of interest,
the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate
of interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would
have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the
proceeding. Upon application by the surviving or resulting
corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the
appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit
discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial
upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name
appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who
has submitted such stockholders certificates of stock to
the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate
fully in all proceedings until it is finally determined that
such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this
section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of
the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by
the surviving or resulting corporation to the stockholders
entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or

E-3



compound, as the Court may direct. Payment shall
be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of holders of
uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of
shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the
corporation of the certificates representing such stock. The
Courts decree may be enforced as other decrees in the
Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving or
resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any
state.

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be
determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court
deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon application of a
stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the
appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be
charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to
an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the
merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded
appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of this
section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or
to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the
stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to
stockholders of record at a date which is prior to the effective
date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if
no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such
stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting
corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholders
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or
consolidation, either within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation as provided in subsection
(e) of this section or thereafter with the written approval
of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an
appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
appraisal proceeding in the Court of Chancery shall be dismissed
as to any stockholder without the approval of the Court, and
such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court
deems just.

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting
corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders
would have been converted had they assented to the merger or
consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

E-4



PROXY

PROXY

RAMSAY YOUTH SERVICES, INC.

SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 
[                  ],

COMMON STOCK

The undersigned, a stockholder of Ramsay Youth
Services, Inc. does hereby appoint Paul J. Ramsay, Luis E.
Lamela and Thomas M. Haythe, or any of them, each with full
power of substitution, the undersigneds proxies, to appear
and vote all shares of Common Stock at the Special Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on
[                  ],
2003, at
[         ] A.M.,
Eastern Time, or at any adjournments thereof, upon such matters
as may come before the Meeting.

This Proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board
of Directors.

The undersigned hereby instructs said proxies or
their substitutes to vote as specified on the reverse side on
each of the following matters and in accordance with their
judgment on other matters which may properly come before the
Meeting.

(Continued and to be Completed on Reverse
Side)




 Please
mark your votes as in this example.

1. 

PROPOSAL  Adoption of the Agreement
    and Plan of Merger dated April 8, 2003, among Ramsay Youth
    Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Psychiatric Solutions,
    Inc., a Delaware corporation and PSI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a
    Delaware corporation.

        FOR  
o

AGAINST  
o

ABSTAIN  
o

 The Board of Directors recommends a vote
FOR the proposal.

The shares represented by this proxy will be
voted as directed. If no direction is indicated as to item 1
they will be voted FOR the proposal.

IMPORTANT: Before returning this Proxy, please
    sign your name or names on the line(s) above exactly as shown
    hereon. Executors, administrators, trustees, guardians or
    corporate officers should indicate their full titles when
    signing. Where shares are registered in the names of joint
    tenants or trustees, each joint tenant or trustee should sign.

Dated: _____________________________________,

Name: 

Stockholder(s) Sign Here

PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THIS PROXY
CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----