URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/912601/000089102003001978/0000891020-03-001978.txt

5 AMIGO STREET SUITE 150
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7022637588

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7115 AMIGO STREET SUITE 150
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119

PREM14A

v91854prprem14a.htm

SPECIAL NOTICE & PROXY

ACRES GAMING



SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant

x

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant

o

Check the appropriate box:

x

Preliminary Proxy Statement

o

Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only

(as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

o

Definitive Proxy Statement

o

Definitive Additional Materials

o

Soliciting Material Pursuant to  240.14a-11(c) or  240.14a-12

ACRES GAMING INCORPORATED

(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

o

No fee required.

x

Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

(1)

Title of each class of securities to which
transaction applies: Common Stock $.01 par value.

(2)

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

(i)10,523,286 shares of Acres common stock outstanding
and owned by stockholders; and (ii) outstanding stock options
and warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to 1,312,616
shares of Acres common stock.

(3)

Per unit price or other underlying value of
transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set
forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and
state how it was determined):

The filing fee is determined based upon the sum of (a)
the product of 10,523,286 shares of Acres common stock
outstanding on the date of this filing and the merger
consideration of $11.50 per share (equal to $121,017,789) and
(b) the difference between the merger consideration of $11.50
per share and the exercise price per share of each the
1,095,100 common stock options and each of the 217,516 common
stock warrants outstanding on the date of this filing that
have an exercise price less than $11.50 per share (equal to
$9,966,505). Pursuant to Section 14(g) of the Exchange
Act, the fee was determined by multiplying the aggregate
value of the transaction by 0.0000809.

(4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

$130,984,294

(5)

Total fee paid:

$10,596.63

o

Fee paid previously with preliminary materials

o

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act
Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid
previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or
the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

(1)

Amount Previously Paid:

(2)

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

(3)

Filing Party:

(4)

Date Filed:



ACRES GAMING INCORPORATED

7115 Amigo Street, Suite 150

Las Vegas, Nevada 89119

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT!

                        ,

Dear Stockholder:

We are pleased to report that Acres Gaming
Incorporated entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
merger agreement) with International Game Technology
(IGT) and NWAC Corp. (NWAC), a wholly
owned subsidiary of IGT. Pursuant to the merger agreement, each
outstanding share of Acres common stock will be converted into
the right to receive $11.50 in cash, without interest, and NWAC
will be merged into Acres (the merger).

We cannot complete the merger unless we obtain
the approval of the merger agreement by Acres stockholders
owning at least a majority of our outstanding common stock, and
unless we obtain certain regulatory approvals. We are inviting
you, as a holder of Acres common stock, to attend a special
meeting to be held
on                     ,
2003, at 10:00 a.m. local time, at our headquarters,
7115 Amigo Street, Suite 150, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119,
to vote to approve the merger agreement.

A Special Committee consisting of two
disinterested directors of Acres recommended the merger
agreement and the merger for approval by our board of directors.
Based in part on the recommendation of the Special Committee,
our board has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
merger, and determined that the terms of the merger agreement
and the merger are fair to and in the best interests of Acres
and its stockholders. 
Our board of directors unanimously
recommends that you vote for approval of the merger
agreement.

In arriving at their recommendation, the board of
directors gave careful consideration to a number of factors,
including the opinion of the investment banking firm of The
Seidler Companies Incorporated, that the consideration to be
received by our stockholders in connection with the transaction
is fair to them from a financial point of view.

The accompanying proxy statement provides
detailed information about the merger. We urge you to read the
enclosed materials carefully in making your decision with
respect to voting on the merger agreement.

If the merger is consummated, you will receive
instructions for surrendering your common stock certificates in
exchange for $11.50 cash for each share and a letter of
transmittal to be used for this purpose. You should not submit
your stock certificates for exchange until you have received the
instructions and the letter of transmittal.

Your vote is important.

To vote in favor of the merger, you
must cast a FOR vote by following the instructions
stated in the enclosed proxy card. If you do not vote at all,
your nonvote will result as a vote against approval of the
merger agreement.

Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting,
please take the time to vote by completing and mailing the
enclosed proxy card. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card
without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be
voted for approval of the merger agreement. If you fail to
return your proxy card, you will not be counted as present or
voting at the meeting unless you appear in person. If you attend
the meeting, you may vote in person. If you complete and return
the enclosed proxy card, you may attend the meeting in person
and revoke your proxy if you wish and vote personally. You may
also revoke your proxy by following the instructions in this
proxy statement.

Sincerely,

Floyd W. Glisson

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
    Officer

This proxy statement is
dated                     ,
2003 and is first being mailed to stockholders on or
about                     ,
2003.



ACRES GAMING INCORPORATED

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be
Held                         ,

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a Special Meeting of
Stockholders of Acres Gaming Incorporated, a Nevada corporation,
will be held
on                     ,                     ,
2003, at 10:00 a.m. local time, at our company
headquarters, 7115 Amigo Street, Suite 150, Las Vegas,
Nevada 89119, for the following purposes:

1. To vote upon a proposal to approve the
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 29, 2003, that we
    have entered into with International Game Technology and NWAC
    Corp. Adoption of the merger agreement will also constitute
    approval of the merger and other transactions contemplated by
    the merger agreement.

2. To transact any other business that may
    properly come before the meeting or any adjournments or
    postponements.

The affirmative vote of a majority of the
outstanding shares is required to approve the merger agreement.
You are entitled to exercise dissenters rights in
connection with the merger if you otherwise comply with the
requirements of Nevada law, which are summarized in the attached
proxy statement.

Our board of directors has determined that the
merger is fair to you and in your best interests. Accordingly,
our board of directors has unanimously approved the merger and
adopted the merger agreement and recommends that you vote to
approve the merger agreement at the special meeting.

These items of business are described in detail
in the attached proxy statement and appendices. You are
encouraged to read these materials very carefully and in their
entirety before deciding how to vote.

Only stockholders of record at the close of
business
on                     ,
2003, will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the special
meeting or any adjournment thereof.

ALL STOCKHOLDERS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND
THE MEETING. WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING,
PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN AND DATE THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND
RETURN IT AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE
PREPAID ENVELOPE IN ORDER THAT THE PRESENCE OF A QUORUM MAY BE
ASSURED. THE GIVING OF SUCH PROXY DOES NOT AFFECT YOUR RIGHT TO
REVOKE IT LATER OR VOTE YOUR SHARES IN PERSON IN THE EVENT THAT
YOU ATTEND THE MEETING.

By Order of the Board of Directors

Floyd W. Glisson

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
    Officer

Las Vegas, Nevada

                    ,



SUMMARY

The Companies

The Merger

Recommendations of Our Board of Directors and the Special Committee

Opinion of Financial Advisor

Stockholder Lawsuit

The Special Meeting

Record Date; Vote Required

Dissenters Rights

Voting Agreement

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

Regulatory Matters

Termination of the Merger Agreement; Termination Fees and Expenses

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences

Interests of Certain Persons in The Merger

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of Meeting; Dissenters Rights

Recommendation of the Board

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote

Vote Required

Proxies

Revocation of Proxies

Proxy Solicitation

THE MERGER

Parties to the Merger

Effect of the Merger

Surrender of Certificates and Payment for the Shares

Background of the Merger

Recommendation of the Special Committee of Our Board of Directors

Recommendation of our Board of Directors

Opinion of Financial Advisor

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

Regulatory Matters

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences

Dissenters Rights

Stockholder Lawsuit

THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED AGREEMENTS

Form of the Merger

Consideration to be Paid to Our Stockholders

Closing and Effective Time

Exchange Procedures

Treatment of Options and Warrants

Representations and Warranties

Covenants

No Inconsistent Activities

Gaming Approvals

Access to Information; Confidentiality

Reasonable Efforts

Takeover Statutes and Inconsistent Actions

Employee Benefits

Indemnification

Conditions to the Merger

Termination Rights

Amendment; Waiver

Voting Agreement

MARKET PRICE OF ACRES COMMON STOCK

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF ACRES COMMON STOCK

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS MAY PROVE INACCURATE

OTHER BUSINESS AND STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

APPENDIX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Appendix B

OPINION OF THE SEIDLER COMPANIES INCORPORATED

Appendix C

FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT

Appendix D

NEVADA DISSENTERS RIGHTS STATUTE

PROXY FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD , 2003 THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER.



CONTENTS

SUMMARY

The Companies

The Merger

Recommendations of Our Board of Directors and the
    Special Committee

Opinion of Financial Advisor

Stockholder Lawsuit

The Special Meeting

Record Date; Vote Required

Dissenters Rights

Voting Agreement

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

Regulatory Matters

Termination of the Merger Agreement; Termination
    Fees and Expenses

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences

Interests of Certain Persons in The Merger

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of Meeting; Dissenters Rights

Recommendation of the Board

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote

Vote Required

Proxies

Revocation of Proxies

Proxy Solicitation

THE MERGER

Parties to the Merger

Effect of the Merger

Surrender of Certificates and Payment for the
    Shares

Background of the Merger

Recommendation of the Special Committee of Our
    Board of Directors

Recommendation of our Board of Directors

Opinion of Financial Advisor

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

Regulatory Matters

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences

Dissenters Rights

Stockholder Lawsuit

THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED AGREEMENTS

Form of the Merger

Consideration to be Paid to Our Stockholders

Closing and Effective Time

Exchange Procedures

Treatment of Options and Warrants



Representations and Warranties

Covenants

No Inconsistent Activities

Gaming Approvals

Access to Information; Confidentiality

Reasonable Efforts

Takeover Statutes and Inconsistent Actions

Employee Benefits

Indemnification

Conditions to the Merger

Termination Rights

Amendment; Waiver

Voting Agreement

MARKET PRICE OF ACRES COMMON STOCK

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF ACRES COMMON STOCK

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS MAY PROVE INACCURATE

OTHER BUSINESS AND STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

Appendix A  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
    MERGER

A-1

Appendix B  OPINION OF THE
    SEIDLER COMPANIES INCORPORATED

B-1

Appendix C  FORM OF VOTING
    AGREEMENT

C-1

Appendix D  NEVADA
    DISSENTERS RIGHTS STATUTE

D-1

ii



SUMMARY

This summary highlights the material terms of
the merger and the merger agreement and other important
information from this proxy statement, and may not contain all
of the information that is important to you. We have included
page references parenthetically to direct you to a more complete
description of each topic presented in this summary. We urge you
to carefully read this entire document and all of the attached
documents. See 
WHERE YOU CAN
FIND MORE INFORMATION 
(page 37).

This proxy statement and the accompanying form
of proxy were first mailed to you on or
about                     ,
2003.

The Companies

(See pages 9-10)

Acres Gaming Incorporated

7115 Amigo, Suite 150

Las Vegas, Nevada 89119

(702) 263-7588

We are a software development company serving the
worldwide gaming industry. We provide bonusing and cashless
gaming products, as well as a full suite of integrated casino
management systems via our Acres Bonusing
TM
, Acres
Cashless, and Acres Advantage
TM
 product lines. Our
patented technology enables casino operators to increase patron
loyalty by differentiating their properties in an increasingly
competitive environment.

International Game Technology and NWAC Corp.

9295 Prototype Drive

Reno, Nevada 89511

(702) 448-7777

International Game Technology, which, together
with its subsidiaries, we refer to as IGT, is a world leader in
the design, development and manufacture of microprocessor-based
gaming and lottery products and software systems in all
jurisdictions where gaming and lotteries are legal.

NWAC Corp. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGT
organized for the sole purpose of effecting the merger. It has
not conducted any business operations and, upon completion of
the merger, its separate corporate existence will cease.

The Merger

(See pages 9-25)

We propose a merger in which Acres will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of IGT. On completion of the merger,
each of your shares of Acres common stock will automatically
become the right to receive $11.50 in cash, without interest,
from IGT and will no longer represent an interest in us. We have
attached the merger agreement to this document as
Appendix A. Please read the merger agreement. It is the
legal document that governs the merger.

Recommendations of Our Board of Directors and
the Special Committee

(See pages 13-15)

The merger agreement and the merger were
authorized and approved by our board of directors following the
unanimous recommendation of the Special Committee of
disinterested directors formed by the board to review and
evaluate the merger transaction. Our board of directors believes
that the merger is fair to you and in your best interests, and
unanimously recommends that you vote FOR approval of
the merger agreement.



Opinion of Financial Advisor

(See pages 16-18)

On June 29, 2003, The Seidler Companies
Incorporated (Seidler), our financial advisor,
delivered an opinion to our board of directors that, as of the
date of the opinion, the cash merger consideration of $11.50 per
share was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of
Acres common stock. We have attached the opinion as
Appendix B. This opinion does not constitute a
recommendation as to how any stockholder should vote on the
merger agreement. We encourage you to read the opinion before
voting on the merger.

Stockholder Lawsuit

(See page 25)

A purported class action lawsuit has been filed
in Clark County, Nevada District Court against us and our
directors. The complaint alleges that our directors violated
their fiduciary duties to our stockholders in connection with
the approval of the merger and seeks to void the merger
agreement. We have not yet been served the complaint. We believe
the plaintiffs claims are without merit.

The Special Meeting

(See page 8)

A special meeting of Acres stockholders will be
held at 10:00 a.m., local time,
on                     ,      ,
2003, at our offices located at 7115 Amigo Street,
Suite 150, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119. At the meeting,
you will be asked to approve the merger agreement and to act on
any other matters that are properly brought before the meeting.

Record Date; Vote Required

(See page 8)

You may vote at the meeting if you owned shares
of our common stock at the close of business
on                     ,
2003. The approval of the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the
meeting. Accordingly, a failure to vote or an abstention has the
same effect as voting against the merger. Approval of the merger
agreement will also constitute approval of the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

You may vote your shares in person by attending
the meeting or by mailing us your proxy if you are unable or do
not wish to attend.

Dissenters Rights

(See pages 23-25)

You are entitled to assert dissenters
rights under Nevada corporate law as a result of the merger.

Voting Agreement

(See page 35)

Floyd W. Glisson, our Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer, has entered into an irrevocable proxy
and voting agreement with IGT. Under the voting agreement,
Mr. Glisson agreed to vote all of the Acres common stock he
owns or controls in favor of the merger. This voting agreement
terminates if the merger agreement is terminated.
Mr. Glisson owns approximately 4.9% of our common stock. We
have attached the voting agreement to this document as
Appendix C.



Conditions to Completion of the
Merger

(See pages 32-33)

Completion of the merger depends on a number of
conditions being met or waived, including:

 

approval of the merger agreement by stockholders
    holding at least a majority of our outstanding common stock;

 

receipt of necessary regulatory approvals and
    expiration of antitrust waiting periods;

 

the absence of litigation having been brought or
    threatened by any government agency to block the merger and no
    judicial order being in force prohibiting the merger;

 

the absence of any change or event since
    June 29, 2003 that has or would reasonably be expected to
    have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or
    financial condition;

 

the continuing accuracy of the representations
    and warranties of the parties contained in the merger agreement
    in accordance with the requirements of the merger agreement and
    the performance or compliance by parties in all material
    respects with all their agreements and covenants required under
    the merger agreement; and

 

an amended employment agreement between Floyd W.
    Glisson and Acres and an employment agreement between Richard J.
    Schneider, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Acres
    must be in full force and effect.

Either Acres or IGT could choose to complete the
merger even though a closing condition has not been satisfied,
as long as the law allows it to do so. We cannot be certain
when, or if, the conditions to the merger will be satisfied or
waived, or that the merger will be completed.

Regulatory Matters

(See pages 20-22)

Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, Acres and IGT must furnish information
and materials relating to their respective businesses to the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and wait
a specified period of time before they can complete the merger.
Either of these agencies has the authority to challenge the
merger on antitrust grounds before the companies complete the
merger. IGT and Acres filed with the United States antitrust
authorities on July 24, 2003.

As a result of the merger, IGT will own Acres and
control its gaming activities in a number of jurisdictions, each
of which activities is subject to various licensing and other
regulatory requirements administered by various governmental
entities. Some of these laws and regulations require that the
applicable gaming regulatory authorities approve the merger. IGT
and Acres have filed or will file applications in each
jurisdiction in which we conduct gaming activities with
appropriate gaming regulatory authorities. The companies cannot
complete the merger unless and until they comply with all
applicable gaming regulatory requirements and obtain all
requisite gaming approvals.

Termination of the Merger Agreement;
Termination Fees and Expenses

(See pages 33-35)

Our board of directors and the board of directors
of IGT can jointly agree to terminate the merger agreement at
any time without completing the merger, whether or not the
stockholders have approved the merger agreement. In addition,
either company can individually terminate the merger agreement
if our stockholders fail to approve the merger agreement, or if
the companies do not complete the merger by December 31,
2003.

We can terminate the merger agreement if we
receive a proposal that our board of directors determines would
provide greater value to our stockholders, and that it must
accept to comply with its fiduciary duties to our stockholders.
Under the merger agreement, we may not solicit alternative
proposals to the merger.



Both Acres and IGT have additional termination
rights more specifically described in The Merger Agreement
and Related Agreements  Termination Rights on
page 33.

We must pay IGT a termination fee of
$3.9 million if the merger agreement is terminated:

 

by us because we received a superior proposal;

 

by IGT because our board of directors withdrew or
    adversely modified its recommendation in favor of the merger to
    our stockholders, recommended a different proposal to our
    stockholders, or failed to call or hold the special stockholders
    meeting (to vote on the merger agreement), following receipt of
    a takeover proposal from a third party; or

 

by IGT if we breach our covenant not to solicit,
    initiate or encourage submission of a takeover proposal as more
    specifically described in The Merger Agreement and Related
    Agreements  No Inconsistent Activities on
    page 30.

We must also pay the termination fee if the
following event occurs: a competing takeover proposal is made
before the stockholder meeting, our stockholders did not approve
the merger agreement and within nine months after the
termination of the merger agreement we enter into an agreement
for, and, within twelve months after the termination of the
merger agreement, complete, a transaction with the person making
the competing takeover proposal.

IGT must pay us a termination fee of
$3.9 million if we terminate the merger agreement because
IGT is in material breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the merger
agreement or IGT terminates the merger agreement while in
material breach.

The parties must pay their own fees and expenses
regardless of whether the merger is completed.

Material Federal Income Tax
Consequences

(See pages 22-23)

The merger will be a taxable transaction to
United States taxpayers for United States federal income tax
purposes. As a result of the merger, for United States federal
income tax purposes our stockholders generally will recognize
gain or loss, on each share of our common stock owned, measured
by the difference between $11.50 and the adjusted tax basis of
that share. That gain or loss generally will be a capital gain
or loss if the share is held as a capital asset and will be
long-term capital gain or loss if the share has been held for
more than one year prior to the date of the merger. You are
urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular tax
consequences of the merger to you. See The
Merger  Material Federal Income Tax
Consequences on page 22.

Interests of Certain Persons in The
Merger

(See pages 18-20)

In considering the recommendation of our board of
directors to approve the merger agreement, you should know that
some of our executive officers and our directors have
relationships or interests in the merger that are different from
your interests as a shareholder. These include the following:

 

as a result of the merger, vesting of options for
    24,375 shares of Acres common stock held by certain of our
    directors will accelerate pursuant to the agreements governing
    those options and already-vested options to purchase
    485,625 shares of our common stock held by our executive
    officers and directors will be settled by paying to the holder
    the difference between the exercise price and $11.50 per share,
    which will result in our executive officers and directors
    receiving aggregate payments of $4,231,198 in connection with
    the merger;

 

as a result of the merger, the vesting of the
    150,000 shares of Acres restricted stock held by
    Mr. Glisson will be accelerated and Mr. Glisson will
    receive an aggregate payment equal to $1,725,000 for those
    shares, less applicable withholding taxes.



 

IGT, as a condition to entering into the merger
    agreement, required Floyd W. Glisson, our Chairman of the Board
    and Chief Executive Officer, to execute an amendment to his
    employment agreement with us, which takes effect if and when the
    merger becomes effective, whereby he has agreed to remain
    employed by the company surviving in the merger for one year
    from the effective date of the merger, as described in more
    detail below under The Merger  Interests of
    Certain Persons in the Merger on page 18;

 

IGT, as a condition to entering into the merger
    agreement, required Richard J. Schneider, our President and
    Chief Operating Officer, to execute an employment agreement with
    us, which takes effect if and when the merger becomes effective,
    whereby he has agreed to remain employed by the company
    surviving in the merger for three years from the effective date
    of the merger as described in more detail below under The
    Merger  Interests of Certain Persons in the
    Merger on page 18; and

 

under the merger agreement, the existing
    indemnification of our present and former directors and officers
    will continue to be provided for a period of six years after the
    merger, and IGT has agreed to maintain liability insurance
    coverage for those officers and directors for six years after
    the merger.

You should evaluate these interests of our
executive officers and directors carefully before deciding how
to vote on the merger.



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q: What is the proposed
transaction?

A: Our board of directors is proposing to
merge the company with a wholly-owned subsidiary of
International Game Technology (IGT), whereby Acres
will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGT. IGT has formed a
subsidiary, NWAC Corp., for the sole purpose of consummating the
merger. If the merger is consummated, NWAC Corp. will merge with
and into Acres, and Acres will be the surviving corporation. Our
stockholders will receive cash for their shares of Acres common
stock, and IGT will be the sole stockholder of the surviving
corporation. After the merger is effective, you will not have
any rights with respect to your shares of Acres common stock
other than the right to receive the merger consideration.

Q: What will I receive in the
merger?

A: You will receive $11.50 in cash for each
share of Acres common stock you own.

Q: What am I being asked to vote
on?

A: You are being asked to vote on the
proposal to approve the agreement and plan of merger.

Q: Does the board of directors recommend
voting in favor of the merger?

A: Yes. After careful consideration and
following the unanimous recommendation of the Special Committee
formed to review and evaluate the fairness of the merger
transaction, our board of directors unanimously recommends
voting in favor of the merger.

Q: What do I need to do now?

A: Please carefully read this proxy
statement, then indicate on your proxy card how you want to
vote, sign the proxy card and mail it in the enclosed return
envelope as soon as possible, so that your shares may be
represented at the meeting.

Q: If my shares are held in street
name by my broker, will my broker vote my shares for
me?

A: Your broker will vote your shares for you
ONLY if you instruct your broker how to vote for you. Your
broker should mail information to you that will explain how to
give it these instructions.

Q: Should I send in my share certificates
now?

A: No. After the merger is complete, we
will send you written instructions for transmitting your share
certificates for payment.

Q: May I change my vote after I have
mailed my signed proxy card?

A: Yes. You may revoke your proxy or change
your vote by sending a notice to our corporate secretary, by
sending in a later dated, signed proxy card before the meeting
or by attending the meeting and voting in person; provided that
if your shares are held in street name by a broker
or other nominee, you obtain a proxy to vote at the meeting from
the broker or other nominee.



Q: Do I have dissenters
rights?

A: Yes. Under Nevada law, our stockholders
have dissenters appraisal rights in connection with the
merger.

Q: When do you expect the merger to be
completed?

A: We are working toward completing the
merger as quickly as possible and expect to complete it before
December 31, 2003. However, Acres and IGT cannot complete
the merger until they satisfy additional conditions, including
the receipt of all required gaming regulatory authority and
other governmental approvals. We are unable to predict when the
merger will be completed since we do not know when the companies
will satisfy all of the conditions set forth in the merger
agreement. However, either Acres or IGT can terminate the merger
agreement if the merger is not completed by December 31,
2003.

Q: Will I recognize gain or loss on the
transaction?

A: The merger will be a taxable transaction
for all United States taxpayers who hold shares of our common
stock. If you are a United States taxpayer, any gain you
recognize will be subject to United States federal income tax
and also may be taxed under applicable state and local and
foreign tax laws. In general, you will recognize gain or loss
equal to the difference between the amount of cash you receive
and the adjusted tax basis of the shares of our common stock you
own. You should consult your tax advisor as to the specific tax
consequences of the merger to you.

Q: What other matters will be voted on at
the meeting?

A: We do not expect to ask you to vote on
any other matters at the meeting.

Q: How will I know the merger has
occurred?

A: If the merger occurs, we will make a
public announcement of this fact and you also will receive
notice of it by mail.

WHO CAN HELP ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS

If you have more questions about the merger, or
would like additional copies of this document, you should contact

Acres Gaming Incorporated

7115 Amigo Street, Suite 150

Las Vegas, Nevada 89119

Attention: Investor Relations

Phone Number: (702) 263-7588

You should rely only on the information
contained in this proxy statement. Acres has not authorized
anyone to provide you with information that is
different.



THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

The special meeting will be held
on                     ,
2003, at our offices located at 7115 Amigo Street,
Suite 150, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119, commencing at
10:00 a.m. local time. Our stockholders of record as of the
close of business
on                     ,
2003 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the special
meeting, and at any adjournments or postponements.

Purpose of Meeting; Dissenters
Rights

At the meeting, you will be asked to consider and
vote on:

 

a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of
    Merger, dated June 29, 2003, by and among Acres, IGT and
    NWAC Corp. (the merger agreement), and

 

any other matters that may properly come before
    the meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting.

You are entitled to exercise dissenters
rights as a result of the merger. See The
Merger  Dissenters Rights on page 23.

Recommendation of the Board

At its meeting held June 29, 2003, our board
of directors, by unanimous vote, determined the merger agreement
to be fair to and in the best interests of Acres and our
stockholders. Our board recommends that you vote FOR
the approval of the merger agreement. Adoption of the merger
agreement will constitute approval of the merger and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote

The close of business
on                     ,
2003 has been fixed as the record date for determining the
holders of shares of Acres common stock who are entitled to
notice of and to vote at the meeting. As of the record date,
there
were                      shares
of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. The
holders of these shares are entitled to one vote per share of
common stock held. The presence in person or by proxy of the
holders of shares representing a majority of the shares of Acres
common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on the proposal is
necessary to constitute a quorum for action at the meeting.

If your shares are held for you by a bank, broker
or other nominee:

 

you must instruct the nominee to vote your shares
    by following the procedures specified by the nominee for voting;
    and

 

if you want to vote in person at the meeting, you
    must request a proxy in your name from your bank, broker or
    other nominee.

Vote Required

A majority of the shares of our common stock
outstanding as of the record date must vote, whether in person
or by proxy, in favor of the merger agreement if it is to be
approved.

Abstaining from voting or not properly
instructing your broker to vote on your behalf will have the
same effect as a NO vote on the proposal, because
such actions will mean that your shares will not be voted in
favor of the merger.

Proxies

Shares of Acres common stock represented by
properly executed proxies received at or prior to the meeting
that have not been revoked will be voted as instructed by the
stockholder. Shares of our common



stock represented by properly executed proxies
for which no instructions are given will be voted
FOR the proposal. Please complete, sign, date and
return promptly the enclosed proxy card in the postage-prepaid
envelope provided for this purpose to ensure that your shares
are voted.

Revocation of Proxies

You may revoke a proxy submitted to us by:

 

submitting at any time prior to the vote on the
    proposal a later-dated proxy with respect to the same shares;

 

delivering written notice of revocation to our
    corporate secretary at any time prior to the vote;

 

attending the meeting and voting in person; or

 

if you instruct a bank, broker or other nominee
    to vote your shares by following the procedures to change a vote
    specified by the bank, broker or nominee.

Just attending the meeting will not in and of
itself revoke a proxy. You must also vote your shares.

Proxy Solicitation

We will bear the cost of soliciting proxies from
stockholders. We have retained Advantage Proxy as proxy
solicitor and expect to pay them approximately $7,500, plus
expenses, for such services. In addition to soliciting by mail,
our directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies by
telephone or otherwise. Such directors, officers and employees
will not be paid additional compensation for such solicitation,
but may be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with the solicitation. Brokerage firms, fiduciaries
and other custodians who are the record owners of shares of our
common stock will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses
incurred in forwarding soliciting materials to the beneficial
owners of those shares.

THE MERGER

Parties to the Merger

IGT and NWAC Corp.

IGT is recognized as one of the world leaders in
the development and production of computerized gaming products.
It operates in three lines of business; product sales,
proprietary gaming and lottery systems. Founded in 1980, IGT
principally served the casino gaming industry in the United
States. In 1986, it began expanding its business
internationally. In addition to its US production, IGT currently
manufactures its products in the United Kingdom and through
third party manufacturers in Japan, Canada and Germany. IGT also
maintains sales offices in selected legalized gaming
jurisdictions globally, including Australia, Europe, Japan,
Latin America, New Zealand and South Africa.

NWAC Corp. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGT
organized for the sole purpose of effecting the merger. It has
not conducted any business operations and, upon completion of
the merger, its separate corporate existence will cease.

Acres

We develop, manufacture and market electronic
equipment and software for the casino gaming industry. Many of
our products are based on our proprietary Acres Bonusing
Technology
TM
 and are designed to enhance casino
profitability by providing entertainment and incentives to
players of gaming machines. Our bonusing technology improves the
efficiency of bonus and incentive programs currently offered by
many casinos, and makes possible some bonus and incentive
programs that have not previously been offered. Acres Bonusing
Technology
TM
 enables the design and delivery of
bonuses and other promotions directly to players at the point of
play and at the time of play. We currently offer bonusing
products directly to casinos in the form of standard and
customized bonusing promotions that can be applied casino-wide
or to a limited number of gaming



machines. In addition to bonusing products, we
also offer slot accounting, player tracking, table game
management and visual analysis modules that may be purchased and
installed individually or as components of an integrated system
marketed as Acres Advantage
TM
.

Effect of the Merger

Under the terms of the merger agreement:

 

NWAC corp. will merge with and into us;

 

NWAC Corp. will cease to exist;

 

we will remain as the surviving corporation; and

 

IGT will own all of our outstanding common stock.

On completion of the merger, each of your shares
of Acres common stock will automatically become only the right
to receive $11.50 in cash, without interest, from IGT and will
no longer represent an interest in Acres. Following the
consummation of the merger, we will seek to have our common
stock delisted from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, and our common
stock will no longer be registered pursuant to the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934.

Surrender of Certificates and Payment for the
Shares

At the effective time of the merger, cash in an
amount sufficient to make payments of $11.50 per share of our
outstanding common stock will be deposited by IGT with a paying
agent for the merger. As soon as practicable after the merger,
the paying agent will mail you a letter of transmittal and
instructions you must follow to properly surrender certificates.
Once the share certificates are surrendered to the paying agent
for cancellation, together with an executed letter of
transmittal and any other necessary documents, you will be
entitled to receive a cash payment of $11.50 per share. Until
surrendered, each Acres share certificate will, after the
merger, represent only the right to receive upon surrender the
cash payment of $11.50 per share. No interest will be paid or
will accrue on any cash payable as merger consideration.

We may require the owner of any lost, stolen or
destroyed share certificate to provide an appropriate affidavit
and to deliver a bond in the amount we may reasonably direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against the paying
agent, us or IGT with respect to an Acres common stock
certificate.

Background of the Merger

Our board of directors regularly reviews our
long-term strategies and objectives. In connection with these
reviews and in consideration of stockholder value, we have from
time to time considered various alternatives to operating as an
independent entity, including potential business combinations.

We have had a variety of business relationships
with IGT over the years, including entering into a strategic
alliance with IGT in 1997. In January 1997, IGT made an
approximately $5 million investment in newly designated
Acres Series A Preferred Stock. At that time, we also
entered into an agreement with IGT to sell component parts and
bonusing software to IGT for inclusion by IGT in casino
installations containing its slot accounting and player tracking
systems. Sales to IGT under the agreement did not meet our
expectations and we terminated the agreement in January 1999,
but continued to do business with IGT.

As the holder of the Series A Preferred
Stock, IGT had the right to elect one director to the Acres
board of directors. In September 1998, the director who had been
elected by IGT resigned from our board. After that, IGT did not
exercise its right to elect a director to our board and has not
had a representative on our board since then. In January 2002,
IGT exercised its right to have the Series A Preferred
Stock redeemed by us at a redemption price of approximately
$5 million.

In the Spring of 2000, Acres and IGT began
exploring the possibility of a business combination and, in the
Summer of 2000, we engaged in merger negotiations with IGT.
However, the parties terminated



discussions in the Fall of 2000 after the board
of directors of Acres determined that the price offered by IGT
was insufficient.

From the Summer of 2001 through the Fall of 2002,
several companies, not including IGT, approached us concerning
possible business combinations. Although in some cases we had
substantial negotiations concerning a business combination, none
of our discussions resulted in our agreeing to any proposal. In
November 2001, a Special Committee of the board of directors,
consisting of Ronald Bennett and David Willensky, was formed to
review and evaluate any proposed business combination. To assist
it in understanding, among other things, its legal duties and
responsibilities in connection with its review and evaluation,
the Special Committee engaged as its own legal counsel,
McDermott, Will & Emery which continues to provide advice on
the merger. The Special Committee was kept apprised of
discussions with other companies concerning a possible business
combination and provided management with direction on relevant
negotiations.

In the Summer of 2002, The Seidler Companies
Incorporated (Seidler) was retained to act as
financial advisor to the Special Committee. At the request of
the Special Committee for its and the board of directors
use in considering whether to pursue a business combination,
Seidler made a presentation to the board of directors in
September 2002 on its analysis of the value of Acres and
valuation methodologies.

We had no significant discussions with any party
concerning a business combination between late 2002 and May 2003
when discussions began again with IGT.

In April, 2003, after lengthy negotiations, we
settled outstanding patent infringement litigation with Anchor
Gaming that had been pending since 1999. During the pendency of
the litigation, Anchor Gaming was acquired by IGT. In connection
with the settlement, we entered into agreements with IGT
granting IGT a license to use certain of our patents and
providing for the integration of our Bonusing features into
certain models of IGT games, and IGT agreed to pay us a certain
royalty payment.

On May 2, 2003, Mr. Glisson met with
T.J. Matthews, Chief Operating Officer of IGT, and Richard
Pennington, Executive Vice President, Product Development of
IGT, at our offices in Las Vegas to discuss how we might
increase the level of cooperation between the companies. At this
meeting, the parties generally discussed possible strategic
opportunities.

On May 9, 2003, Mr. Glisson,
Mr. Matthews, Mr. Pennington and Robert A. Bittman, a
director of IGT, met at IGTs offices in Las Vegas to
explore further the matters discussed at the May 2nd meeting.
During that meeting, Mr. Matthews asked if we would consider a
business combination.

Shortly after the meeting, Mr. Glisson
informed the Special Committee of Mr. Matthews
question. The Special Committee directed Mr. Glisson to
indicate our willingness to consider a business combination.
From this point until May 22, 2003, Mr. Glisson and
Mr. Matthews discussed a possible business combination, and
Mr. Glisson kept the Special Committee apprised of these
discussions. The Special Committee met by telephone or in person
numerous times in May. The Special Committee considered the
merits of a possible business combination with IGT and consulted
with its independent counsel concerning its responsibilities and
legal aspects of a possible transaction and with Seidler
concerning the structural and financial aspects of a possible
combination.

On May 22, 2003, IGT held a board meeting,
during which IGT senior management made a presentation to the
board on the strategic reasons for acquiring Acres, the
valuation, and the potential risks associated with the
acquisition. IGTs board of directors authorized the
acquisition of Acres and senior management to negotiate the
terms and conditions of a merger agreement, subject to
managements completion of its due diligence review of
Acres.

By letter dated May 22, 2003, IGT proposed
to acquire Acres at a price of $10.45 per share, which
represented a premium of 19.4% over the $8.75 closing price for
our stock on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market on May 22, 2003. At
the direction of the Special Committee, Mr. Glisson called
a meeting of the board of directors on May 29, 2003 to
discuss the IGT proposal. Prior to the meeting, Seidler prepared
and supplied to the Special Committee and the board of directors
a detailed valuation analysis of Acres and of the IGT



proposal. At the May 29, 2003 meeting,
Mr. Glisson reviewed the IGT proposal. Representatives from
Seidler led a discussion of its valuation analysis. The board of
directors, including the members of the Special Committee,
discussed the IGT proposal and questioned Seidler about the
details of its analysis. At the conclusion of the meeting, the
board of directors authorized Mr. Glisson to negotiate
further with IGT, including negotiations regarding a higher
price.

On May 30 and June 2, 2003,
Mr. Glisson and Mr. Matthews had a series of
discussions concerning IGTs proposal. On June 2,
Mr. Glisson and Mr. Matthews tentatively agreed on a
cash merger at a price of $11.50 per share for all shares of
Acres common stock, including shares subject to options and
warrants, subject to the approval of the boards of both
companies. The proposed purchase price represented a premium of
30% over our closing stock price of $8.85 on that date.
Mr. Glisson agreed that he would recommend that our board
of directors accept that price, subject to the negotiation of a
mutually satisfactory definitive merger agreement.

On June 6, 2003, IGT and Acres entered into
a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement, and IGTs
legal advisors, OMelveny & Myers LLP, delivered a
proposed form of merger agreement to our legal counsel, Perkins
Coie LLP.

On June 9, 2003, at a previously scheduled
board meeting, Seidler met with the entire board of directors
and presented its revised analysis of the value of Acres and
reviewed its valuation methodology. See The
MergerOpinion of Financial Advisor on page 16 for a
detailed discussion of Seidlers analysis. After the
presentation, the board of directors questioned Seidler further
about the details of its analysis and its views of the IGT
proposal.

From June 6, 2003 until June 29, 2003,
IGT and its legal advisors conducted a due diligence review of
our business and operations. Representatives of IGT also met
during this time with members of our management to discuss the
structure and terms of the transaction. We and our counsel
negotiated the terms of the merger agreement and related
documents with IGT and its counsel. Mr. Glisson kept the
members of the Special Committee and board of directors apprised
of the status of these negotiations and substantive open issues
on an on-going basis. During the negotiations, the Special
Committee continued to hold telephonic meetings and consult with
its independent counsel concerning the negotiations and open
issues.

Between June 6 and June 29, 2003,
representatives of IGT negotiated the terms of employment
agreements with Mr. Glisson and Richard J. Schneider, our
President and Chief Operating Officer, that IGT desired to have
in place upon closing a business combination with Acres. See
The MergerInterests of Certain Persons in the
Merger on page 18.

On June 23, 2003, IGT held a board meeting.
At the meeting, IGTs board of directors approved the
merger agreement and the execution of the agreement by senior
management.

On June 28, 2003, the Special Committee and
the board of directors met in a joint telephone conference with
Seidler, independent counsel to the Special Committee, members
of management and our counsel to consider the proposed
transaction, the merger agreement and the related agreements.
Mr. Glisson and our counsel reviewed the history of the
negotiations with IGT, and summarized the principal terms of the
merger agreement and related agreements, including the
employment agreements with Messrs. Glisson and Schneider.
Seidler provided the Special Committee and the board of
directors with an updated financial analysis and proposed
opinion concerning the fairness of the transaction with IGT.
During and following the presentations at the meeting, the legal
and financial advisors responded to questions from the Special
Committee and the board of directors.

On June 29, 2003, the Special Committee and
the board of directors again met in a joint telephone conference
with Seidler, independent counsel to the Special Committee,
members of management and our counsel. Mr. Glisson and our
counsel provided an update on the negotiations, including
additional details concerning the employment agreements with
Messrs. Glisson and Schneider. Seidler reaffirmed its
financial analysis and rendered its opinion (subsequently
confirmed in writing) to the effect that, as of the date of such
opinion, the consideration per share to be received by the our
stockholders in the merger was fair to them from a financial
point of view.



Following further discussion among the members of
the Special Committee and the board of directors, the Special
Committee concluded that the merger and the merger agreement
were fair to and in the best interests of our stockholders.
Following discussion with the Special Committee members, Seidler
and counsel, the board of directors accepted the Special
Committees recommendation and unanimously
(i) determined that the merger and the merger agreement are
fair to and in the best interests of our stockholders,
(ii) approved the merger and the merger agreement, and
(iii) recommended that our stockholders approve the merger
agreement.

On June 29, 2003, the parties signed the
merger agreement. A joint press release announcing the signing
of the merger agreement was issued on June 30, 2003.

Recommendation of the Special Committee of Our
Board of Directors

The Special Committee, consisting of two
directors, Ronald G. Bennett and David R. Willensky, was formed
to review and evaluate potential business combination
transactions. Mr. Bennett and Mr. Willensky are not
officers or employees of Acres or its subsidiary. Neither
Mr. Bennett nor Mr. Willensky has an interest in the
merger with IGT other than as holders of options, some of which
will accelerate as a result of the merger, and
Mr. Willenskys beneficial ownership of 12,300 shares
of our common stock. See The Merger  Interests
of Certain Persons in the Merger  Stock Options and
Restricted Stock on page 19. The Special Committee,
with the assistance of its financial advisor, Seidler, and
independent legal counsel, evaluated the fairness of the merger
to our stockholders.

The Special Committee believes that the merger is
fair to and in the best interests of our stockholders. Following
numerous meetings, the Special Committee unanimously recommended
that our board of directors approve and adopt the merger
agreement and that our board of directors recommend approval of
the merger agreement by our stockholders. In reaching these
conclusions, the Special Committee considered the following
material factors in favor of supporting the merger:

 

the historical market prices, trading range and
    trading activity of our common stock, which indicated that the
    per share price to be received by our stockholders was fair to
    them and provides them liquidity for their holdings of Acres
    common stock;

 

the detailed financial and comparative analysis
    and presentation by Seidler with respect to the merger and the
    opinion of Seidler, dated June 29, 2003, that the $11.50
    per share cash consideration to be received by the holders of
    Acres common stock in the proposed transaction was fair to our
    stockholders from a financial point of view. The full text of
    the written opinion is set forth in Annex B to this proxy
    statement. You are urged to, and should, read the opinion of
    Seidler in its entirety;

 

that, while it is possible that in the future
    Acres common stock would sustain trading in excess of the price
    offered in the merger, that prospect is highly uncertain and
    subject to substantial downside risk, Acres common stock has not
    been able to maintain a constant upward trend in trading price
    for any extended period and even if the trading price were to
    rise above the proposed merger price for a period of time, not
    all stockholders would be able to sell shares at such price,
    whereas the merger would provide liquidity for all stockholders;

 

the arms-length negotiations between Acres
    and IGT, which resulted in an increase in the merger
    consideration from $10.45 per share to $11.50 per share, and
    that based on those negotiations, the conclusion of the
    committee that $11.50 represented the highest price per share
    that could be negotiated with IGT;

 

based on the prior negotiations with other
    potential acquirers, the conclusion that it is unlikely that we
    could obtain a credible competing offer at a price higher than
    $11.50 per share;

 

based on our current and anticipated business,
    financial condition, results of operations and earnings
    prospects, including the nature of our business, which is
    characterized by nonrecurring revenue sources, and our prospects
    if we were to remain independent, the conclusion that the merger
    consideration was in the best interests of our stockholders;



 

IGT and NWAC Corp.s obligations under the
    merger agreement are not subject to any financing condition,
    their representation that they have sufficient funds available
    to them to consummate the merger and the fact that the merger
    consideration is to be paid in cash;

 

approval of the merger agreement requires the
    affirmative vote of a majority of the holders of all of the
    outstanding Acres common stock, allowing our stockholders to
    have the ultimate decision regarding approval of the merger
    agreement;

 

dissenters rights are available under
    Nevada law to our stockholders who do not believe the merger
    consideration is fair to them;

 

the likelihood of completing the merger,
    including, in particular, the likelihood of obtaining regulatory
    approval and the provisions of the merger agreement regarding
    IGTs and our obligations to pursue the regulatory
    approvals;

 

the ability, due to the fiduciary out
    provisions of the merger agreement, of our board to respond to
    superior proposal and to terminate the merger agreement, in
    certain circumstances, including the implications of the
    termination fee;

 

the other provisions of the merger agreement,
    including the respective representations, warranties and
    covenants of the parties, the material adverse effects clause
    and the termination fee provisions, including the fact that we
    do not have to complete the merger if IGT does not materially
    comply with its covenants or if it is in material breach of its
    representations and warranties; and

 

the current and prospective environment in which
    we operate, including economic conditions and the competitive
    environment of the gaming industry, which indicated that the
    merger with IGT was in the best interests of Acres and our
    stockholders.

The Special Committee also considered the
following potentially negative factors in their deliberations
concerning the merger:

 

during approximately three months prior to the
    announcement of the merger on June 30, 2003, the per share
    closing trading price of our common stock as reported on the
    Nasdaq SmallCap Market had risen from a low of $7.71 on
    April 1, 2003 to a high of $11.39 on June 26, 2003;

 

the fact that our stockholders would have no
    ongoing equity participation in Acres after the merger, meaning
    that these stockholders would cease to participate in any future
    earnings or growth of our business, or to benefit from any
    increases in the value of their shares of Acres common stock
    that might occur if we were to continue as a public company;

 

the possibility that the merger might not be
    completed and the resulting effects on Acres and our
    stockholders, including a possible decline in the trading price
    of our common stock and the potential of an adverse impact on,
    among other things, customer relations and employee morale and
    focus;

 

the cash consideration to be received by our
    stockholders as a result of the merger will be taxable to them;

 

interests of certain of our officers and
    directors that may be different from or in addition to the
    interests of our stockholders generally, including IGTs
    requirement that Messrs. Glisson and Schneider enter into
    an amended employment agreement and an employment agreement,
    respectively, to be effective upon the completion of the merger,
    and the terms of those agreements;

 

the fact that the merger agreement contains
    provisions that:

prohibit us and our representatives from
soliciting, initiating, encouraging or negotiating third-party
offers to acquire Acres, except in limited circumstances and
upon payment of a termination fee, and these terms could
discourage potential buyers from proposing to acquire us; and



obligate us to pay IGT a termination fee of
$3.9 million, under certain circumstances if the merger is
not consummated. See The Merger Agreement and Related
Agreements  No Inconsistent Activities and
Termination Rights sections on pages 30 and 33; and

 

provisions of the merger agreement that, among
    other things, restrict our operations pending the consummation
    of the merger and provide conditions to closing the merger, such
    as the continued enforceability of Messrs. Glissons
    and Schneiders employment agreements.

The Special Committee determined that though the
per share price of Acres common stock had been steadily
appreciating during the three months prior to the public
announcement of the merger, the $11.50 per share price offered
in the merger represents a premium of approximately 82% over the
$6.33 average closing price of our common stock for the twelve
months preceding the announcement. Additionally, the $11.50 per
share price offered by IGT was, in the opinion of Seidler, fair
to our stockholders from a financial point of view. The Special
Committee determined that any possible conflicts of interest
were mitigated by the establishment of the Special Committee to
supervise the negotiation of the terms of the merger agreement
and to evaluate the fairness of the merger. The Special
Committee also determined that the loss of opportunity to
participate in any of our future earnings growth and the
possibility that the termination fee might discourage potential
buyers from attempting to acquire us were adequately reflected
in the merger consideration of $11.50 per share in cash.

The foregoing discussion of information and
factors considered and given weight by the Special Committee is
not intended to be exhaustive, but we believe it includes all of
the material factors, both positive and negative, considered by
the committee. In evaluating the merger agreement and the
merger, the members of the committee considered their knowledge
of our business, financial condition and prospects, and the
views of our management and the financial and legal advisors to
the committee and the company. In view of the variety of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger and
the complexity of these matters, the committee did not find it
practicable to, and did not, quantify, rank or otherwise assign
relative weights to the specific factors considered in reaching
its decisions and recommendations. Individual members of the
committee may have given different weights to different factors.

Recommendation of our Board of
Directors

At its meeting held on June 29, 2003, our
board of directors determined that the merger is fair to and in
the best interests of our stockholders, approved the merger and
the merger agreement and unanimously recommended approval of the
merger agreement by our stockholders at the special meeting.

In deciding to recommend that our stockholders
vote FOR the approval of the merger agreement, our
board of directors considered, among other factors, the
recommendation of the Special Committee and all of the factors
and analysis referred to above as having been taken into account
by the Special Committee.

In view of the variety of factors considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger and the complexity
of these matters, the board did not find it practicable to, and
it did not, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights
to the specific factors considered in reaching its decision and
recommendations. In addition, each member of the board may have
given different weights to different factors.

Our board of directors believes that the merger
is procedurally fair because, among other things:

 

the Special Committee consisted entirely of
    non-management (disinterested) directors appointed by our
    board to represent solely the interests of our stockholders;

 

the Special Committee and our board of directors
    were advised by a financial advisor, Seidler, to assist their
    evaluation of the merger and provide them with financial advice;

 

we engaged in extensive negotiations and
    deliberations in evaluating the merger and merger consideration;
    and

 

the merger consideration and the other terms and
    conditions of the merger agreement resulted from active
    arms-length bargaining between Acres and IGT and their
    respective advisors.



Opinion of Financial Advisor

Seidler was retained to act as financial advisor
to the Special Committee in connection with the merger with IGT.
On June 29, 2003, Seidler delivered its written opinion to
our board to the effect that, based upon and subject to the
factors and assumptions set forth in its opinion, and as of that
date, the consideration to be paid by IGT was fair, from a
financial point of view, to our stockholders.

The full text of the Seidler opinion sets forth
assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and
limitations on the review undertaken, among other things. The
Seidler opinion is attached as Appendix B to this proxy
statement and we incorporate it by reference in this proxy
statement. You are urged to read the Seidler opinion carefully
and in its entirety.

The Seidler opinion addresses only the fairness
to the holders of our common stock, from a financial point of
view, of the consideration to be paid by IGT for our common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement. Seidler delivered the
opinion to the Special Committee and board for its consideration
in determining whether to approve the merger agreement. The
Seidler opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote.

The following summary of the Seidler opinion is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Seidler opinion, which is attached to this proxy statement as
Appendix B. No limitations were imposed by us on the scope
of Seidlers investigation or the procedures to be followed
by Seidler in rendering its opinion. The form and amount of
consideration paid by IGT to our stockholders in the merger was
determined through arms length negotiations between IGT
and Acres. Seidler was not requested to opine as to, and its
opinion does not address, our underlying business decision to
proceed with or effect the merger agreement.

During the course of the engagement, Seidler
reviewed and analyzed material bearing on our financial and
operating conditions and material prepared in connection with
the proposed merger, including the following:

 

the merger agreement;

 

certain publicly available information concerning
    Acres, including historical financial statements for recent
    years;

 

certain financial and common stock information on
    sale and merger transactions involving gaming equipment
    companies or other recent similar-sized merger or sale
    transactions that Seidler considered relevant;

 

financial and common stock information of certain
    publicly-traded gaming equipment companies that Seidler
    considered relevant; and

 

financial and other information concerning us
    provided by our management.

In arriving at its opinion, Seidler assumed and
relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the financial and
other information used by it without assuming any responsibility
for independent verification of such information, and further
relied upon the assurances of our management that they were not
aware of any facts or circumstances that would make such
information inaccurate or misleading. With respect to any
financial projections reviewed by Seidler, Seidler assumed that
such projections and guidance were reasonably prepared on a
basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of our management.

In arriving at its opinion, Seidler did not
conduct a physical inspection of our properties or assets and
did not make or obtain any appraisals or valuations of specific
assets or liabilities of Acres. Seidlers opinion
necessarily was based upon market, economic and other conditions
as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date of
Seidlers opinion.

The following is a summary of the analyses
Seidler performed in arriving at its June 29, 2003 opinion
as to the fairness of the merger consideration, from a financial
point of view, to our stockholders. The preparation of a
fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial and comparative
analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances.



Furthermore, in arriving at its opinion, Seidler
considered both qualitative and quantitative factors.
Accordingly, Seidler believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that considering any portion of such
analyses and factors, without considering all analyses and
factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the
process underlying its opinion. Such an opinion is not readily
susceptible to summary description. In its analyses, Seidler
made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond our control. Any estimates used in its
analyses were not necessarily indicative of actual values or
predictive of future results or values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable. In addition, analyses
relating to the value of businesses did not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses may
actually be sold.

In connection with the preparation and delivery
of its opinion to our board, Seidler performed a variety of
financial and comparative analyses typical for determination of
an opinion rendered in connection with similar transactions, as
more fully described below. Based upon these analyses, Seidler
determined a range of values for Acres common stock of
$9.90-$12.57 per share.

Comparable Transactions Analysis

Seidler reviewed certain publicly available
information regarding the terms and financial characteristics of
eight selected business combination transactions involving
gaming equipment companies that were announced or took place
from 1995 through 2003, which Seidler believed to be relevant to
the merger. For the selected transactions, Seidler determined
transaction values as multiples of trailing 12 months
sales, earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT,
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation or amortization or
EBITDA and Net Income. Applying a range of multiples
derived from Seidlers analysis of the selected
transactions to our trailing 12 months sales, EBIT, EBITDA
and Net Income then subtracting net debt (interest-bearing debt
less excess cash and cash equivalents), Seidler calculated a
range of implied equity value per share of $8.41-$9.73.

Public Company Analysis

Using publicly available information, Seidler
reviewed and compared actual financial, operating and stock
market information pertaining to certain publicly-traded gaming
equipment companies, including Alliance Gaming Corporation,
GTECH Holdings Corp., Scientific Games Corp., International Game
Technology, Mikohn Gaming Corporation, Multimedia Games, Inc.,
Shuffle Master, Inc., WMS Industries, Inc. and GameTech
International Inc. Seidler calculated the total equity value
and, further, total enterprise value, determined as total equity
market value plus net debt, as multiples of trailing
12 months sales and EBIT, EBITDA and Net Income. Applying a
range of multiples derived from Seidlers analysis of the
comparable companies to our trailing 12 months sales, EBIT,
EBITDA and Net Income, subtracting net debt and applying a
control premium (derived from the following Premium Paid
Analysis), Seidler calculated a range of implied equity value
per share of $11.68-$15.93.

Premium Paid Analysis

Seidler reviewed the acquisition premiums paid on
the 60 completed and reported public acquisitions with a
transaction size of $50-$150 million during the prior
12 months through June, 2003. These premiums were derived
from the ratio of the transaction value paid to the
companys stock price either 4 weeks or 1 week
prior to the announcement of the transaction. Seidler determined
that while the actual range of premiums paid was very wide, a
range of premiums from 30%-60%, which included approximately 1/3
of the total number of transactions in the sample universe, was
representative of the typical premium paid in an acquisition.
Seidler applied this acquisition premium to Acres stock
price including the average price for the prior 30 trading days
and a recent price and determined a range of equity values of
$12.50-$15.50.



Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

Seidler performed discounted cash flow analyses
for Acres using, in part, financial projections and guidance
provided by our management. In performing its discounted cash
flow analysis, Seidler made various assumptions and applied
valuation parameters that it deemed appropriate.

Utilizing these projections, Seidler calculated
the theoretical discounted present value per share for Acres
common stock by (1) adding together (a) the projected
future stream of unlevered free cash flow through the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2008, and (b) the projected
continuing value of Acres, as a stand-alone entity, at the end
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2008 defined as the
terminal value, and (2) subtracting the current net debt.
The terminal value was calculated based on EBITDA multiples of
6.0x to 10.0x. The cash flow streams and the terminal values
were then discounted to present values using a range of discount
rates from 17.5% to 27.5%. Two growth rate scenarios were
prepared, one at 5% growth and the other at 15% growth. The
range of equity values derived from the 5% growth scenario was
$5.75-$7.52 and from the 15% growth scenario was $7.96-$10.18.

Seidler is a nationally recognized
investment-banking firm. As part of its investment banking
business, Seidler is continuously engaged in the valuation of
businesses and securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, competitive biddings, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes. The Special
Committee retained Seidler based upon its experience and
expertise. Pursuant to a letter agreement with Seidler dated
May 27, 2003, we paid $100,000 to Seidler upon the delivery
of its fairness opinion. We will also pay Seidler an additional
$100,000 on or before September 30, 2003 whether or not the
merger is completed. The letter agreement with Seidler also
provides that we will reimburse Seidler for its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the merger
and indemnify Seidler and certain related persons and entities
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
securities laws, incurred in connection with its services
thereunder. In the ordinary course of business, Seidler may
trade Acres common stock for its own account and the accounts of
its customers and, accordingly, at any time hold a long or short
position in such securities.

Interests of Certain Persons in the
Merger

In considering the recommendations of our board
of directors regarding the merger, you should be aware that our
directors and executive officers have interests in the merger in
addition to their interests as Acres stockholders, as described
below. In addition, as explained above, we will pay Seidler a
fee and reimburse its reasonable expenses.

Employment Agreements with Floyd W. Glisson
    and Richard J. Schneider

IGT required, as a condition to entering into the
merger agreement, that Mr. Glisson enter into an amendment
to his employment agreement, certain provisions of which become
effective upon the closing of the merger.

IGT required, as a condition to entering into the
merger agreement, that Mr. Schneider enter into an
employment agreement with Acres that becomes effective upon the
closing of the merger.

On June 9, 2003, the board of directors
approved amendments to Mr. Glissons existing employment
agreement that, effective July 1, 2003, increased his base
salary from $300,000 to $325,000 per year; increased his target
bonus from 60% to 66 2/3% of base salary and granted him
six weeks of paid vacation per year (up from five weeks). The
board of directors also accelerated the vesting of 150,000
shares of restricted common stock from June 30, 2003 to
June 9, 2003. These amendments were approved by our board
of directors independent of the merger discussions and are not
dependent on the effectiveness of the merger.

Pursuant to the amendment to
Mr. Glissons employment agreement that will take
effect if and when the merger becomes effective,
Mr. Glisson has agreed to remain the Chief Executive
Officer of the surviving company until the first anniversary of
the merger. His base salary will remain $325,000 per year, but
the time he will be required to work will decline incrementally
over the term of the agreement to 25% in the last quarter of his
employment. Provided he is still employed with Acres on the
first anniversary of the effective date of the



merger (or is earlier terminated other than for
cause), he will receive his target bonus of 66 2/3% of base
salary as a guaranteed bonus. Pursuant to the amended agreement,
Mr. Glisson will be entitled to the remainder of his base
salary plus his guaranteed bonus upon termination of his
employment other than for cause. In addition, Mr. Glisson
has agreed to defer his right to receive a termination payment
of 1.6 times his base salary, which would become due to him
under his original employment agreement if he were to terminate
his employment for any reason after the merger, until the first
anniversary of the merger (or any earlier termination of the
amended employment agreement).

Pursuant to his employment agreement,
Mr. Schneider, who is currently our President and Chief
Operating Officer, will continue as President and Chief
Operating Officer of the surviving company in the merger.
Mr. Schneiders base salary will continue to be
$200,000 per year, and he will be eligible to be paid an annual
bonus in an amount up to a maximum of 200% of his base salary.
The agreement commences on the effective date of the merger and
runs for three years. Under certain circumstances,
Mr. Schneider will be entitled to payment of six
months salary in connection with termination of his
employment. Mr. Schneider will receive an option to purchase
35,000 shares of IGT common stock at an exercise price equal to
the closing price of IGT common stock on the effective date of
the merger. The option grant will be governed by the provisions
of IGTs 2002 Stock Option Plan. One-fifth (1/5) of the
option will vest on each of the first five anniversaries of the
effective date. Our board of directors also granted
Mr. Schneider a bonus of $40,000 payable if he is an
employee of ours at the effective date of the merger.

Indemnification

The surviving companys articles of
incorporation and bylaws will contain the same provisions with
respect to indemnification and exculpation from liability as
those currently in our articles of incorporation or bylaws as of
the date of the merger agreement. For a period of six years,
these provisions may not be amended, repealed or otherwise
modified in any manner that would adversely affect our current
or former directors or officers. IGT has guaranteed the
surviving companys indemnification obligations. In
addition, for a period of at least six years after the
completion of the merger, our directors and officers will be
provided an insurance and indemnification policy that provides
coverage not less favorable than our existing directors and
officers insurance policy, or, in certain circumstances, a
policy affording the same protection as that maintained by IGT
for its officers and directors.

Stock Options and Restricted Stock

Each stock option held by our directors, officers
and employees outstanding immediately prior to the closing of
the merger that is vested or vests as a result of the merger,
will be canceled in exchange for a payment, in cash, to the
option holder equal to the product of (1) $11.50 less the
option exercise price, multiplied by (2) the number of
shares of Acres common stock subject to the stock option, less
any applicable withholding tax. Each stock option outstanding
immediately prior to the closing of the merger that is unvested
and will not vest as a result of the merger will entitle the
holder of such option to a conditional right to receive an
amount in cash, within 30 days of the date such options
would otherwise have been exercisable, equal to (1) $11.50
less the option exercise price, multiplied by (2) the
number of shares of Acres common stock subject to the stock
option, less any applicable withholding tax. The right of the
holder of an unvested option to this amount is subject to the
holders continuous employment by IGT or the surviving
corporation through each applicable date that the unvested
option was otherwise scheduled to become exercisable had the
merger not occurred. However, if the holder of an unvested
option is terminated other than for cause on or before the
twelve month anniversary of the effective date of the merger,
all of that holders options will be considered vested. If
the holder of an unvested option is terminated other than for
cause after the twelve month anniversary but on or before the
eighteen month anniversary of the effective date of the merger,
the holders options that would have vested on
April 1, 2005 had the merger not occurred will be
considered vested.

Our option agreements with our directors require
acceleration of vesting of all options held by the directors as
a result of the merger. In connection with the merger, options
which are vested or for which



vesting will accelerate as a result of the merger
held by our executive officers and directors will be canceled in
exchange for a cash payment as follows:

Number of Shares

Number of Shares

Number of Shares

Subject to Options

Subject to

Subject to Already

That Will

Executive Officer/Director

Options

Vested Options

Accelerate(1)

Cash Payment(2)

Floyd W. Glisson

142,500

142,500

$

1,451,719

Richard J. Schneider

140,000

108,000

(3)

$

912,745

Robert W. Brown

120,000

92,250

(4)

3,750

$

506,137

Reed M. Alewel

100,000

100,000

$

826,001

Patrick W. Cavanaugh

40,000

16,000

(3)

$

139,200

David R. Willensky

12,500

7,500

5,000

$

109,090

Roger B. Hammock

12,500

7,500

5,000

$

105,341

Ronald G. Bennett

12,500

7,500

5,000

$

109,090

Richard D. Furash

10,000

4,375

5,625

$

71,875

All directors and executive officers as a group
    (9 persons)

590,000

485,625

24,375

$

4,231,198

(1) 

Pursuant to the relevant option agreements,
    vesting of these options will automatically accelerate as a
    result of the merger.

(2) 

Determined for each individual executive officer
    and director as the product of (1) $11.50 less the option
    exercise price, multiplied by (2) the number of shares of
    Acres common stock subject to the stock option. In each case the
    amount is subject to any applicable withholding tax.

(3) 

The unvested portion of the executive
    officers options will entitle him to the conditional right
    to receive an amount in cash, within 30 days of the date
    such options would otherwise have been exercisable, equal to
    (1) $11.50 less the option exercise price, multiplied by
    (2) the number of shares of Acres common stock subject to
    the stock option, less any applicable withholding tax.

(4) 

Excludes 24,000 shares subject to vested
    options with an exercise price greater than $11.50 that will be
    canceled at the effective time of the merger.

In connection with the merger, the vesting of
150,000 shares of Acres restricted stock held by
Mr. Glisson will be accelerated and Mr. Glisson will
receive an aggregate payment equal to $1,725,000 for those
shares, less applicable withholding taxes.

Regulatory Matters

Antitrust

The merger is subject to review by the United
States Department of Justice (the DOJ) and the
United States Federal Trade Commission (the FTC) to
determine whether it complies with applicable antitrust laws.
Under the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act (the HSR Act) applicable to the
merger, the merger may not be completed until a waiting period
following completion of the required filings by IGT and Acres
has expired or been terminated. The merger agreement provides
that all waiting periods under the HSR Act must have expired or
been terminated in order to complete the merger.

The HSR Act waiting period will expire thirty
days after the required filings by IGT and Acres unless the DOJ
or FTC issues a formal request for additional information. IGT
and Acres filed with the DOJ and FTC on July 24, 2003. If a
request for additional information is issued to IGT or Acres,
the HSR waiting period will expire thirty calendar days after
both companies substantially comply with the request, unless the
companies agree to extend the period further.

At any time before or after the merger, the DOJ
or the FTC could take action under the antitrust laws, including
seeking to enjoin the merger or seeking divestiture of
substantial assets of IGT or Acres or their subsidiaries.
Private parties and state attorneys general may also bring an
action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances.

We cannot assure that a challenge to the merger
will not be made or that, if made, IGT and Acres would prevail
or would not be required to accept certain conditions, including
divestitures, to complete the merger.



Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement,
IGT is not obligated to divest or hold separate any of its or
its subsidiaries assets or business.

Gaming Regulation

We are subject to extensive gaming regulations.
We hold registrations, approvals, gaming licenses or permits
(where required) in each jurisdiction in which we conduct gaming
activities. In each of these jurisdictions, regulatory
requirements must be complied with in order for us to complete
the merger. Generally, regulatory authorities have broad
discretion in granting, renewing and revoking gaming licenses
and granting approvals.

The following is an abbreviated description of
the gaming regulatory requirements applicable to the merger. In
addition, we must comply with regulatory requirements in each
jurisdiction in which we conduct gaming activities. There is a
more detailed description of these requirements in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2002.

The merger agreement does not obligate IGT to
surrender, forfeit or terminate any gaming approval held by it
or any of its subsidiaries to complete the merger.

Nevada Gaming
Regulations.
 The manufacturing and
distribution of gaming devices and the ownership and operation
of gaming machine routes in Nevada are subject to the Nevada
Gaming Control Act and the regulations of the Nevada Gaming
Commission and the Nevada State Gaming Control Board
(collectively, the Nevada Act) and various local
ordinances and regulations.

Our operations are subject to the licensing and
regulatory control of the Nevada Gaming Commission, the Nevada
State Gaming Control Board, and the various county and city
licensing agencies (collectively, the Nevada Gaming
Authorities). The Nevada Act provides that control of a
registered publicly traded corporation such as Acres cannot be
acquired through a tender offer, merger, consolidation,
acquisition of assets, management or consulting agreements or
any form of takeover whatsoever without the prior approval of
the Nevada Gaming Commission. IGT will seek the necessary
approvals from the Nevada State Gaming Control Board and the
Nevada Gaming Commission on behalf of IGT. The Nevada State
Gaming Control Board reviews and investigates applications for
such approval and makes recommendations on those applications to
the Nevada Gaming Commission for final action. IGT is currently
registered by the Nevada Gaming Commission as a publicly traded
corporation and has been found suitable to own the shares of its
subsidiaries that have been licensed in Nevada. Accordingly, IGT
does not expect significant delays in obtaining the necessary
approvals. However, these approvals may not be granted or may
not be granted on a timely basis or without burdensome
conditions. Furthermore, any such approval, if granted, does not
constitute a finding, recommendation or approval by the Nevada
State Gaming Control Board or the Nevada Gaming Commission as to
the merits of the merger. Any representation to the contrary is
unlawful.

In seeking approval to acquire control of Acres,
IGT must satisfy the Nevada Gaming Commission as to a variety of
stringent standards. The Nevada State Gaming Control Board and
the Nevada Gaming Commission will consider all relevant material
facts in determining whether to grant this approval, and may
consider not only the effects of the merger but also any other
facts that are deemed relevant. Such facts may include, among
others,

 

the business history of the applicant, including
    its record of financial stability, integrity and success of its
    operations, as well as its current business activities;

 

the adequacy of the proposed financing; and

 

whether the merger will create a significant risk
    that IGT, Acres or their subsidiaries will not satisfy their
    financial obligations as they become due or satisfy all
    financial and regulatory requirements imposed by the Nevada Act.

The Nevada Gaming Commission and Nevada Gaming
Control Board will also consider whether the acquisition of
control of Acres and our registered and licensed subsidiaries is
in the best interests of the State of Nevada under the multiple
licensing criteria in the Nevada Act. Among other factors set
forth in such



multiple licensing criteria, they may consider
whether there has been an adequate period of performance by IGT,
whether IGT has sufficient key personnel so that there will not
be a dilution of effective managerial capacity and control of
existing operations, whether the acquisition would pose problems
or create a monopoly, and what the result of the acquisition of
control will be in respect of the percentage of interest of IGT
and Acres to similarly situated competitors on a statewide,
countrywide and geographical basis in the following categories:
total number of slot machines operated, gross revenue,
percentage tax, number of employees hired and total payroll.

Following receipt of the necessary approvals of
the Nevada Gaming Commission and completion of the merger, Acres
will be registered by the Nevada Gaming Commission as an
intermediary company of IGT. In addition, certain officers,
directors and key employees of Acres at the time of completion
of the merger who will be actively and directly involved in our
gaming activities may also be required to be found suitable or
licensed by the Nevada Gaming Authorities. The Nevada Gaming
Authorities may deny an application for licensing, a finding of
suitability or registration for any cause that they deem
reasonable. A finding of suitability is comparable to licensing,
and both require the submission of detailed personal and
financial information followed by a thorough investigation. All
individuals required to file applications for findings of
suitability as officers and directors of Acres at the time of
completion of the merger have filed applications with the Nevada
State Gaming Control Board and the Nevada Gaming Commission.
These approvals may not be granted or granted within a timely
manner.

Other Jurisdictions

Additional jurisdictions will require prior
approval of the merger by their appropriate regulatory
authorities, and may require the licensing or finding of
suitability of certain officers and directors of IGT in
connection therewith. These additional jurisdictions requiring
prior approval include Colorado, Louisiana, Michigan,
Mississippi, Missouri, and Victoria, Australia. Each of these
jurisdictions has broad discretion in determining whether such
approval will be granted. There may be other jurisdictions that
assert that their prior consent or approval is required before
the merger can be completed, and we can give you no assurance
that the above list of jurisdictions is comprehensive.

In some jurisdictions, IGT and Acres will be
required to file transactional waivers or information for review
before the completion of the merger. The following jurisdictions
may require notification, submission of information relating to
corporate changes resulting from the merger and pre-filings of
disclosure forms for new officers and directors: Arizona,
California, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, New Jersey, New
Mexico, Oregon and Wisconsin in the United States; some Native
American Tribal jurisdictions; the Provinces of Eastern Cape,
Gauteng and KwaZulu Natal, South Africa; and the States or
Territories of New South Wales and the Northern Territory,
Australia.

Other gaming regulatory approvals may be required
prior to the completion of the merger. The merger cannot take
place until the necessary regulatory approvals have been
received and any waiting periods required by law have expired.
IGT and Acres have filed (or will promptly file) all of the
required applications or notices necessary to complete the
merger with each of the applicable regulatory authorities. Due
to the number of jurisdictions in which we have secured either
licenses, approvals and/or waivers, we may be required to submit
additional information and obtain additional approvals prior to
completing the merger. We cannot be sure whether or when such
regulatory approvals will be obtained or that the regulatory
approvals will be obtained without conditions that are
detrimental to IGT or Acres.

Material Federal Income Tax
Consequences

The following is a summary of the material United
States federal income tax consequences of the merger to our
stockholders. The summary is based on current provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the tax
code), applicable Treasury regulations under the tax code,
Internal Revenue Service rulings and pronouncements and judicial
decisions now in effect, all of which are subject to change,
possibly with retroactive effect. The summary applies only to
our stockholders who hold their shares of common stock as
capital assets. It does not purport to be a description of all
tax consequences that may be relevant to you



based on your particular tax circumstances or to
our stockholders that may be subject to special treatment under
the United States federal income tax law (for example, non-U.S.
holders, financial institutions, dealers or traders in
securities, investors in pass-through entities, partnerships or
other entities classified as partnerships for United States
federal income tax purposes, tax-exempt organizations or
qualified retirement plans, insurance companies, persons holding
our shares of common stock as part of a straddle, constructive
sale, conversion transaction or other risk management
transaction, certain former citizens or residents of the United
States, and persons who received their shares of common stock
through the exercise or conversion of employee stock options or
other compensation arrangements). Furthermore, the summary does
not address alternative minimum taxes or any tax consequences
under the laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction.

The receipt of cash by you in exchange for your
shares of common stock pursuant to the merger (including cash
received pursuant to the exercise of dissenters rights)
will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income
tax purposes. Generally, you will recognize capital gain or loss
equal to the difference between (1) the amount of cash you
receive and (2) your adjusted tax basis in the shares of
common stock you surrender. Such capital gain or loss will be a
long-term capital gain or loss if, at the effective time of the
merger, you held your shares of common stock for more than one
year. Long-term capital gains of non-corporate taxpayers
generally are taxed at lower rates than those applicable to
ordinary income. The amount and character as short-term or
long-term capital gain or loss will be computed separately for
each block of shares of common stock (
i.e.
, shares
acquired at the same cost in a single transaction) surrendered
in the merger. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to
limitations.

Backup withholding (
i.e.
, withholding of a
portion of the merger consideration) generally will apply only
if the stockholder fails to furnish a correct social security
number or other taxpayer identification number, or otherwise
fails to comply with applicable backup withholding rules and
certification requirements. Corporations generally are exempt
from backup withholding. Each stockholder should complete and
sign the substitute Form W-9 that will be part of the
letter of transmittal to be returned to the paying agent in
order to provide the information and certification necessary to
avoid backup withholding, unless an applicable exemption exists
and is otherwise proved in a manner satisfactory to the paying
agent.

Tax matters are very complicated, and the tax
consequences of the merger to you will depend on your own
particular circumstances. Accordingly, you are strongly urged to
consult with your own tax advisor regarding the United States
federal tax consequences of the merger in light of your own
particular circumstances, as well as the effect of any state,
local or foreign tax laws.

Dissenters Rights

As an owner of Acres common stock, you have the
right to dissent from this merger and obtain cash payment for
the fair value of your shares, as determined in
accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS).
Below is a description of the steps you must take if you wish to
exercise dissenters rights with respect to the merger
under NRS Sections 92A.300 to 92A.500, the Nevada
dissenters rights statute. The text of the statute is set
forth in Appendix D. This description is not intended to be
complete. If you are considering exercising your
dissenters rights, you should review NRS
Sections 92A.300 to 92A.500 carefully, particularly the
steps required to perfect dissenters rights. 
Failure to
take any one of the required steps may result in termination of
your dissenters rights under Nevada law. If you are
considering dissenting, you should consult with your own legal
advisor.

To exercise your right to dissent, you must:

 

before the effective date of the merger, deliver
    written notice to us at Acres Gaming Incorporated,
    7115 Amigo Street, Suite 150, Las Vegas, Nevada
    89119, Attn: Corporate Secretary, stating that you intend to
    demand payment for your shares if the merger is completed; and

 

not vote your shares in favor of the merger,
    either by proxy or in person.



If you satisfy those conditions, we will send you
a written dissenters notice within 10 days after the
merger is effective. This dissenters notice will:

 

specify where you should send your payment demand
    and where and when you must deposit your stock certificates, if
    any;

 

inform holders of uncertificated shares to what
    extent the transfer of their shares will be restricted after
    their payment demand is received;

 

supply a form of payment demand that includes the
    date the merger was first publicly announced and the date by
    which you must have acquired beneficial ownership of your shares
    in order to dissent;

 

set a date by when we must receive the payment
    demand, which may not be less than 30 or more than 60 days
    after the date the dissenters notice is delivered; and

 

provide you a copy of Nevadas
    dissenters rights statute.

After you have received a dissenters
notice, if you still wish to exercise your dissenters
rights, you must:

 

demand payment either through the delivery of the
    payment demand form to be provided or other comparable means;

 

certify whether you have acquired beneficial
    ownership of the shares before the date set forth in the
    dissenters notice; and

 

deposit your certificates, if any, in accordance
    with the terms of the dissenters notice.

Failure to demand payment in the proper form
or deposit your certificates as described in the
dissenters notice will terminate your right to receive
payment for your shares pursuant to Nevadas
dissenters rights statute. Your rights as a stockholder
will continue until those rights are canceled or modified by the
completion of the merger.

Within 30 days after receiving your properly
executed payment demand, we will pay you what we determine to be
the fair value of your shares, plus accrued interest (computed
from the effective date of the merger until the date of
payment). The payment will be accompanied by:

 

our balance sheet as of the end of a fiscal year
    ended not more than 16 months before the date of payment,
    an income statement for that year, a statement of changes in
    stockholders equity for that year, and the latest
    available interim financial statements, if any;

 

an explanation of how we estimated the fair value
    of the shares and how the interest was calculated;

 

information regarding your right to challenge the
    estimated fair value; and

 

a copy of Nevadas dissenters rights
    statute.

We may elect to withhold payment from you if you
became the beneficial owner of the shares on or after the date
set forth in the dissenters notice. If we withhold
payment, after the consummation of the merger, we will estimate
the fair value of the shares, plus accrued interest, and offer
to pay this amount to you in full satisfaction of your demand.
The offer will contain a statement of our estimate of the fair
value, an explanation of how the interest was calculated, and a
statement of dissenters rights to demand payment under NRS
Section 92A.480.

If you believe that the amount we pay in exchange
for your dissenting shares is less than the fair value of your
shares or that the interest is not correctly determined, you can
demand payment of the difference between your estimate and ours.
You must make such demand within 30 days after we have made
or offered payment; otherwise, your right to challenge our
calculation of fair value terminates.

If there is still disagreement about the fair
market value within 60 days after we receive your demand,
we will petition the District Court of Clark County, Nevada to
determine the fair value of the shares and the accrued interest.
If we do not commence such legal action within the 60-day
period, we will have to pay the



amount demanded for all unsettled demands. All
dissenters whose demands remain unsettled will be made parties
to the proceeding, and are entitled to a judgment for either:

 

the amount of the fair value of the shares, plus
    interest, in excess of the amount we paid; or

 

the fair value, plus accrued interest, of the
    after-acquired shares for which we withheld payment.

We will pay the costs and expenses of the court
proceeding, unless the court finds the dissenters acted
arbitrarily, vexatiously or in bad faith, in which case the
costs will be equitably distributed. Attorney fees will be
divided as the court considers equitable.

Failure to follow the steps required by NRS
Sections 92A.400 through 92A.480 for perfecting
dissenters rights may result in the loss of such rights.
If dissenters rights are not perfected, you will be
entitled to receive the consideration receivable with respect to
such shares in accordance with the merger agreement. In view of
the complexity of the provisions of Nevadas
dissenters rights statute, if you are considering
objecting to the merger you should consult your own legal
advisor.

Stockholder Lawsuit

A putative class action lawsuit has been filed in
Clark County, Nevada District Court against us and our
directors, entitled 
Paul Miller v. Acres Gaming
Incorporated, et al.
, Case No. A470016. The
complaint alleges that our directors breached their fiduciary
duties to our stockholders in connection with the approval of
the merger and seeks to enjoin and/or void the merger agreement
among other forms of relief. We have not yet been served the
complaint. We believe that the plaintiffs claims are
without merit.



THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED
AGREEMENTS

This section describes the material provisions
of the merger agreement, the legal document that governs the
merger, and the voting agreement. The full text of the merger
agreement is attached as Appendix A and the voting
agreement attached as Appendix C, each of which is
incorporated into this proxy statement. We urge you to read the
agreements carefully in their entirety.

Form of the Merger

Pursuant to the merger agreement, at the
effective time of the merger, NWAC Corp. will merge with and
into Acres under Nevada law. As a result of the merger, the
separate corporate existence of NWAC Corp. will cease and Acres,
as the surviving corporation in the merger, will continue its
existence as a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGT and will continue
under the name of Acres Gaming Incorporated. As a result of the
merger, all of the properties, assets, rights, privileges,
immunities and powers of Acres and NWAC Corp. will vest in the
surviving corporation, and all liabilities, obligations and
penalties of Acres and NWAC Corp. will become the liabilities,
obligations and penalties of the surviving corporation. At the
effective time of the merger, each of the directors of Acres
will resign and the directors of NWAC Corp. will be the
directors of the surviving corporation. In addition, the
officers of Acres immediately before the effective time of the
merger will be the initial officers of the surviving corporation.

Consideration to be Paid to Our
Stockholders

At the effective time of the merger, each share
of Acres common stock then outstanding (other than shares of
Acres common stock owned by Acres or any of its subsidiaries, or
IGT, NWAC Corp. or any of their subsidiaries, or by stockholders
who have properly demanded and perfected their statutory
dissenters appraisal rights) will be converted into the
right to receive $11.50 cash, without interest.

Closing and Effective Time

The merger will close on a date specified by
Acres and IGT that will be a date no later than the second
business day after satisfaction or waiver of the closing
conditions, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties. As soon
as practicable on or after the day the merger closes, Acres and
IGT will file articles of merger and all other filings required
by Nevada law with the Secretary of State of Nevada in the form
required by Nevada law. The merger will become effective when
the filings are made with the Secretary of State of Nevada or
such other time as agreed by IGT and Acres and specified in the
filings.

Exchange Procedures

 

As of the effective time of the merger, each
    certificate previously representing shares of Acres common stock
    will represent only the right to receive the merger
    consideration upon the surrender of the certificate and the
    holder of the certificate will not have any additional rights
    with respect to the shares of Acres common stock.

 

Promptly, after the effective time of the merger,
    an exchange agent designated by IGT and reasonably acceptable to
    us will mail to each of our stockholders that was a stockholder
    of record immediately prior to the effective time (other than
    holders of excluded shares of common stock) (1) a letter of
    transmittal (including a substitute Form W-9) and (2)
    instructions for surrendering certificates in exchange for the
    merger consideration. Stockholders should not return your Acres
    common stock certificates with the enclosed proxy and should not
    forward those certificates to the exchange agent or IGT unless
    and until they receive a letter of transmittal following the
    effective time of the merger.

 

Upon the proper surrender of a certificate to the
    exchange agent, together with a properly completed and duly
    executed letter of transmittal, the holder of the certificate
    will be entitled to receive in exchange for the certificate a
    check in an amount equal to the product of the merger
    consideration and the number of shares of Acres common stock
    represented by the certificate surrendered, less any



required tax withholding. The surrendered
    certificate will be canceled. No interest will be paid or accrue
    on the merger consideration.

 

In the event of a transfer of ownership of any
    shares of Acres common stock not registered in our transfer
    records, a check for the merger consideration may be issued to a
    person other than the person whose name is on the certificate,
    if the certificate representing the Acres common stock,
    accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect the
    transfer, is delivered to the exchange agent properly endorsed
    with signature guarantee and the person requesting the payment
    pays any applicable transfer or other taxes.

 

If any certificate has not been surrendered one
    year after the effective time of the merger, IGT may direct the
    exchange agent to deliver to IGT the funds that would have been
    paid upon the surrender of the certificates. After this time,
    the holders of Acres common stock that are entitled to surrender
    their certificates for the merger consideration but have not
    done so, will have only the rights of a general creditor of IGT
    for the cash payable upon the surrender of the certificate.

Treatment of Options and Warrants

Each stock option outstanding immediately prior
to the closing of the merger that is vested or vests as a result
of the merger will be canceled in exchange for a payment, in
cash, to the option holder equal to the product of
(1) $11.50 less the option exercise price, multiplied by
(2) the number of shares of Acres common stock subject to
the stock option, less any applicable withholding tax. Each
stock option outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the
merger that is unvested and will not vest as a result of the
merger will entitle the holder of such option to a conditional
right to receive an amount in cash, within 30 days of the
date such options would otherwise have been exercisable, equal
to (1) $11.50 less the option exercise price, multiplied by
(2) the number of shares of Acres common stock subject to
the stock option, less any applicable withholding tax. The right
of the holder of an unvested option to this amount is subject to
the holders continuous employment by IGT or the surviving
corporation through each applicable date that the unvested
option was otherwise scheduled to become exercisable had the
merger not occurred. However, if the holder of an unvested
option is terminated other than for cause on or before the
twelve month anniversary of the effective date of the merger,
all of the that holders options will be considered vested.
If the holder of an unvested option is terminated other than for
cause after the twelve month anniversary but on or before the
eighteen month anniversary of the effective date of the merger,
the holders options that would have vested on
April 1, 2005 had the merger not occurred will be
considered vested.

Under the merger agreement, we are required to
provide notice of the proposed transaction to all holders of
outstanding warrants to purchase our common stock pursuant to
the terms of the holders individual warrant agreements.
Each warrant may be exercised for shares of our common stock
according to its terms prior to the merger. All outstanding
warrants will terminate at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the day
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains representations,
warranties, and agreements of Acres, IGT and NWAC Corp.,
including representations and warranties regarding their due
organization, good standing, authority to enter into the merger
agreement and consummate the merger and compliance with gaming
laws and regulations. We also made additional representations
and warranties relating to:

 

capital structure

 

ownership of subsidiaries and other equity
    interest

 

authorization, execution, delivery and
    performance and the enforceability of the merger agreement

 

absence of conflicts with, or violations of,
    organization documents or other obligations as a result of the
    merger agreement

 

timely filing and accuracy of documents filed
    with the SEC



 

truthfulness of information included or
    incorporated into this document

 

absence of certain changes or events in our
    business since July 1, 2002

 

absence of pending or threatened litigation

 

absence of agreements with brokers or finders
    other than Seidler

 

necessary vote of our stockholders to approve the
    merger

 

good and marketable title to and valid leasehold
    interest in our material properties

 

taxes, benefit plans and ERISA

 

compliance with applicable laws and permits

 

absence of accelerated parachute payments to
    employees triggered by the merger

 

environmental liabilities and compliance with
    environmental laws

 

material contacts and debt instruments

 

ownership of and licenses to intellectual
    property and absence of infringement

 

compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 

transactions with insiders

 

absence of non-competition restrictions on the
    operation of our business

 

receipt of the Seidler fairness opinion

 

execution of an amendment to our Chief Executive
    Officers employment agreement and an employment agreement
    with our President and Chief Operating Officer.

Additionally, IGT and NWAC Corp. made
representations and warranties regarding the information to be
supplied for inclusion in this proxy statement, the
authorization, execution, delivery and performance and the
enforceability of the merger agreement, absence of conflicts
with, or violations of, organizational documents or other
obligations as a result of the merger agreement, the absence of
a broker, the absence of the necessity of a vote of its
stockholders, the operation of NWAC Corp. pending the merger,
and the possession of sufficient funds by IGT as of the closing
date to complete the merger.

Covenants

Conduct of the Business Pending the
    Merger

We have agreed that during the period from
June 29, 2003 to the effective time of the merger, or
termination of the merger agreement, except as expressly
permitted by the merger agreement or approved in writing by IGT,
we will and will cause each of our subsidiaries to:

 

carry on our business in the usual, regular and
    ordinary course consistent with the manner as conducted prior to
    the execution of the merger agreement and in compliance in all
    material respects with all applicable laws and regulations;

 

use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve
    intact our current business organizations; and

 

maintain the services of our current officers and
    employees and preserve our relationships with customers,
    suppliers and others with which we have business dealings.



With some exceptions and, except as contemplated
by the merger agreement, we have also agreed that during this
period, unless we have the prior written consent of IGT, we will
not and will not allow any of our subsidiaries to:

 

declare, set aside or pay dividends or make any
    other distributions in respect of our capital stock;

 

split, combine or reclassify any shares of our
    capital stock or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
    shares of our capital stock;

 

issue, deliver, sell, award, pledge, dispose of
    or otherwise encumber or authorize or propose the issuance,
    delivery, grant, sale, award, pledge, or other encumbrance or
    authorization of any shares of our capital stock or any
    securities convertible into or any rights, warrants or options
    to acquire any of our capital stock;

 

amend, waive or otherwise modify the terms of any
    rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares of our capital
    stock or accelerate vesting of any of the stock options or
    warrants;

 

amend our articles of incorporation or bylaws or
    alter the corporate structure or ownership of any of our
    material subsidiaries;

 

acquire or agree to acquire (1) by merging
    or consolidating with, or purchasing a substantial portion of
    the assets of, any business, or (2) any assets with a fair
    market value in excess of $100,000, other than purchases of
    inventory, fixtures, furniture, supplies and equipment in the
    ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

 

commence or agree to commence the operation or
    development of a casino or other gaming operations of any nature;

 

mortgage or otherwise encumber or sell, lease,
    exchange or otherwise dispose of any of our properties or assets;

 

incur any indebtedness for borrowed money,
    guarantee any indebtedness or debt securities of another person
    or issue or sell any debt securities or warrants or other rights
    to acquire any of our debt securities;

 

make any loans, advances or capital contributions
    to, or investments in, any other person;

 

make or agree to make any new capital
    expenditures which individually exceed $500,000 per fiscal
    quarter;

 

make or rescind any express or deemed election
    relating to material taxes, settle or compromise any claim,
    action, suit, litigation, proceeding, arbitration,
    investigation, audit or controversy relating to material taxes,
    or change any of our methods of reporting income or deductions
    for federal income tax purposes from those used in preparing our
    federal income tax return for the year ending June 30, 2002;

 

pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities
    or obligations except in the ordinary course of business or as
    reflected or reserved against in our reported financial
    statements, which in the case of settling outstanding
    litigation, such payments cannot exceed $250,000 in the
    aggregate;

 

increase the compensation payable to any of our
    directors, officers or employees other than usual and customary
    increases to employees who are not officers;

 

pay or agree to pay any pension, retirement
    allowance, severance, continuation or termination benefit or
    other material employee benefit not provided for by any existing
    pension plan, benefit plan or employment agreement described in
    our documents filed with the SEC prior to June 29, 2003 and
    publicly available;

 

establish, adopt or commit to any additional
    pension, profit sharing, bonus, incentive, deferred
    compensation, stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation
    right, group insurance, severance pay, continuation pay,
    termination pay, retirement or other material employee benefit
    plan, agreement or



arrangement, or amend or modify or increase the
    benefits under or take any action to accelerate the rights or
    benefits under any employee benefit plan, agreement or
    arrangement;

 

enter into any severance or employment agreement
    with or for the benefit of any person;

 

increase the rate of compensation under or
    otherwise change the terms of any existing employment agreement;

 

modify, or amend in any material respect, or
    renew, fail to renew or terminate, any material contract or
    agreement to which we or one of our subsidiaries is a party or
    waive, release or assign any material rights or claims;

 

change our fiscal year;

 

authorize, recommend, propose or announce an
    intention to adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or
    dissolution of Acres;

 

enter into any collective bargaining agreement;

 

engage in any transaction with, or enter into any
    agreement, arrangement or understanding directly or indirectly
    with any of our affiliates other than under agreements existing
    on the date of the merger agreement and disclosed to IGT;

 

enter into any agreement that contains
    non-competition provisions or amend our employment agreements
    with our Chief Executive Officer or our President and Chief
    Operating Officer; and

 

authorize any of, or commit or agree to take any
    of, the foregoing actions.

No Inconsistent Activities

Except as described below in this section, we
have agreed that neither we nor our subsidiaries will directly
or indirectly through another person:

 

solicit or initiate, or encourage the submission
    of, any proposal for a merger, consolidation, purchase of
    assets, tender offer or other business combination involving
    Acres or any of our subsidiaries or any proposal to acquire a
    substantial equity interest in our voting securities or those of
    our subsidiaries or a substantial portion of our assets or those
    of our subsidiaries (collectively, a takeover
    proposal); or

 

participate in discussions or negotiations
    regarding, or furnish any information to a person with respect
    to, or otherwise facilitate, any inquiry or proposal that may
    reasonably be expected to lead to any takeover proposal.

The above limitation does not prevent our board
of directors from taking any non-appealable, final action
ordered to be taken by a court of competent jurisdiction.

However, our board of directors may furnish
information to, or discuss or negotiate with, any person that
makes an unsolicited bona fide takeover proposal, if the
following conditions are satisfied:

 

the person must enter into a confidentiality
    agreement on terms in form and substance similar to the
    confidentiality agreement between us and IGT;

 

our board of directors determines in good faith
    after consultation with legal counsel, that the failure to
    furnish information or engage in discussions or negotiations
    regarding the takeover proposal would be inconsistent with its
    fiduciary duties to the holders of Acres common stock; and

 

our board of directors determines in good faith
    after consultation with financial and legal advisors, that
    furnishing information or engaging in discussions or
    negotiations regarding the takeover proposal would reasonably
    likely lead to a transaction that would provide greater value to
    our stockholders than the merger (referred to as a
    superior proposal) and that the party making the
    proposal has demonstrated the funds necessary to complete it are
    reasonably likely to be available.



If we receive any offers or proposals from any
person with respect to any takeover proposal, within 24 hours,
we must notify IGT of the details of that takeover proposal,
including the terms and conditions of the takeover proposal, the
identity of the person or entity making it and all other
information reasonably requested by IGT, and we will keep IGT
informed of the status of the proposal.

Gaming Approvals

Acres and IGT agreed to promptly prepare and file
all necessary documentation in order to obtain as promptly as
possible all necessary gaming approvals and to comply with the
terms and conditions of the gaming approvals. We have cooperated
with regulatory authorities in connection with their review of
these applications and other filings.

If any person who owns capital stock or other
interests in Acres (1) is denied gaming approval,
disqualified from eligibility for a gaming approval or found
unsuitable by a governmental entity prior to the closing date of
the merger, (2) whose continued involvement with us may, in
IGTs reasonable opinion after consultation with counsel,
have a material adverse effect on the likelihood that a
governmental entity will issue a gaming approval, or (3) is
expressly precluded from having a continuing interest in us, the
surviving corporation or IGT as a condition to the issuance or
continued validity of any gaming approval granted by a
governmental entity, we will use our best efforts to:

 

cause such person to immediately and permanently
    resign from any position with us;

 

dispose of all of such persons securities
    or other ownership interests in us if required to do so by any
    governmental entity as a condition receipt of any gaming
    approval; and

 

cause such person to cooperate with us, IGT and
    the surviving corporation in our efforts to obtain and retain
    gaming approval.

Access to Information;
Confidentiality

Until the effective time of the merger, we have
agreed to give and to cause our subsidiaries to give IGT and its
officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
and other representatives reasonable access during normal
business hours to all of our properties, books, contracts,
commitments, personnel and records. Additionally, during this
period, we will furnish promptly to IGT:

 

a copy of each report, schedule, registration
    statement and other document filed by us during the period
    pursuant to the requirements of any federal or state securities
    laws; and

 

all other information concerning our business,
    properties and personnel that IGT reasonably requests.

Except as required by law, Acres and IGT have
agreed to treat any confidential information of the other party
in accordance with the confidentiality agreement between IGT and
Acres and to cause their respective officers, employees,
accountants, counsel, financial advisers and other
representatives to do the same.

Reasonable Efforts

Acres and IGT each agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions,
and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with
the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. For example, we each
agreed to:

 

make all necessary applications, registrations
    and filings, including filings with governmental entities;

 

obtain all necessary actions or nonactions,
    licenses, consents, approvals or waivers from governmental
    entities and other third parties;



 

execute and deliver additional instruments
    necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to
    fully carry out the purposes of, the merger agreement; and

 

defend any lawsuits or other legal proceedings
    challenging the merger agreement or the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated under it.

Notwithstanding these agreements, IGT is not
obligated to take any actions in connection with any competition
laws, including the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1976, which would require IGT to agree to, or proffer to,
divest or hold separate any assets or any portion of any
business of IGT or the surviving company in the merger.

Takeover Statutes and Inconsistent
Actions

If any anti-takeover statute or regulation
enacted under any state or federal law becomes applicable to the
merger or a related transaction, our board of directors must
grant approvals, take all actions within its authority and use
all commercially reasonable efforts to eliminate the effects of
any such statute or regulation so that the merger or related
transaction may be consummated as promptly as practicable.

Under the merger agreement, we may not adopt,
effect or implement any shareholders rights
plan, poison pill or similar arrangement.

Employee Benefits

After the closing of the merger, IGT has agreed
to, or cause the surviving company in the merger to, provide our
employees with all employee benefit plans as are provided by IGT
and its subsidiaries to their own employees who are similarly
situated. IGTs agreement does not constitute any
commitment, contract, understanding, undertaking, guarantee
(express or implied) by IGT to continue the employment of any of
our employees for any period of time or on any terms except as
determined by the surviving company in the merger.

Indemnification

The surviving companys articles of
incorporation and bylaws will contain the same provisions with
respect to indemnification and exculpation from liability as
those currently in our articles of incorporation or bylaws as of
the date of the merger agreement. For a period of six years,
these provisions may not be amended, repealed or otherwise
modified in any manner that would adversely affect our current
or former directors or officers. IGT also guarantees the
surviving companys obligations to indemnify and provide
insurance for individuals identified in the merger agreement to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law for a period of
at least six years after the completion of the merger.

For a period of at least six years after the
completion of the merger, IGT will also provide our directors
and officers with an insurance and indemnification policy that
provides coverage not less favorable than our existing directors
and officers insurance policy, or, in certain circumstances, a
policy affording the same protection as that maintained by IGT
for its officers and directors.

Conditions to the Merger

Mutual
Conditions

Each of IGTs and our obligation to complete
the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior
to the closing date of a number of conditions including the
following:

 

the approval of the merger agreement by the
    affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
    shares of Acres common stock;

 

the absence of an injunction, order, or other
    legal restraint prohibiting consummation of the merger, or any
    pending or threatened governmental action or proceeding seeking
    to enjoin or challenge the merger; and



 

the expiration or termination of any waiting
    period applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act.

Conditions to IGTs Obligation to Effect
    the Merger

IGTs obligation to effect the merger is
also subject to the following additional conditions:

 

our representations and warranties that are
    qualified as to materiality must be true and correct in all
    respects as if made on the closing date and all of our
    representations and warranties not qualified as to materiality
    must be true and correct in all material respects as if made on
    the closing date;

 

our performance and compliance in all material
    respects with all of our agreements and covenants required by
    the merger agreement;

 

the receipt of all licenses, permits, consents,
    approvals, waivers, findings of suitability, authorizations,
    qualifications and orders required to be made or obtained by IGT
    or us from all governmental entities and third parties in
    connection with the merger that would materially adversely
    affect the consummation of the merger or would have a material
    adverse effect on the continuation of the operations of our
    business or the business of the surviving corporation following
    the effective time of the merger;

 

the absence of any material adverse change in our
    business or prospects; and

 

our employment agreements with Floyd W. Glisson
    and Richard J. Schneider must be in full force and effect at the
    effective time of the merger and may not have been amended after
    the date of the merger agreement without IGTs written
    approval.

Conditions to Our Obligation to Effect the
    Merger

Our obligation to effect the merger is also
subject to the following conditions:

 

IGTs representations and warranties that
    are qualified as to materiality must be true and correct in all
    respects as if made on the closing date and all of its
    representations and warranties not qualified as to materiality
    must be true and correct in all material respects as if made on
    the closing date;

 

IGTs performance and compliance in all
    material respects with all of its agreements and covenants
    required by the merger agreement; and

 

the receipt of all licenses, permits, consents,
    approvals, waivers, findings of suitability, authorizations,
    qualifications and orders required to be made or obtained by us
    from all governmental entities in connection with the merger.

Termination Rights

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time before the effective time of the merger, whether before or
after approval by our stockholders, as follows:

 

by mutual written consent after approval of our
    and IGTs board of directors;

 

unless IGT is in material breach of any
    representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in the merger
    agreement, by IGT if we materially breach any of our
    representations, warranties, covenants or agreements in the
    merger agreement or if any of our representations or warranties
    become untrue, and the nature of the breach or untruth would
    render the conditions to IGTs obligations to consummate
    the merger incapable of satisfaction by December 31, 2003;

 

unless we are in material breach of any
    representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in the merger
    agreement, by us if IGT materially breaches any of its
    representations, warranties, covenants or agreements in the
    merger agreement or if any representation or warranty of IGT
    becomes untrue, and the nature of the breach or untruth would
    render the conditions to our obligations to consummate the
    merger incapable of satisfaction by December 31, 2003;



 

by either IGT or us if any governmental entity
    shall have issued an order, decree or ruling, or taken any other
    action, permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise
    prohibiting the completion of the merger, and the order, decree,
    ruling or other action shall have become final and nonappealable;

 

by either IGT or us if the merger does not occur
    by December 31, 2003, unless the merger does not occur due
    to a breach of a covenant, or a material breach of a
    representation or warranty in the merger agreement by the party
    seeking to terminate;

 

by either IGT or us if any approval of our
    stockholders required for completion of the merger is not
    obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at
    a duly held meeting of our stockholders or at any adjournment or
    postponement of such meeting;

 

by IGT if our board (1) withdraws or
    modifies adversely its recommendation of the merger following
    the receipt by us of a takeover proposal, (2) recommends a
    takeover proposal to our stockholders, or (3) fails to call
    or hold the special stockholders meeting (to vote on the
    merger agreement with IGT) following our receipt of a takeover
    proposal; and

 

by us, if after receipt of a superior proposal
    (as defined in the No Inconsistent Activities
    section above), our board determines in good faith, after
    consultation with financial and legal advisors, that the failure
    to terminate the merger agreement and accept the superior
    proposal would be inconsistent with the proper exercise of its
    fiduciary duties; except that before we may terminate the merger
    agreement, we must (1) give IGT notice of the proposed
    termination, (2) allow IGT, in IGTs sole discretion,
    the right within five business days of IGTs receipt of our
    notice to amend the merger agreement to make the terms
    substantially similar or superior to the superior proposal and
    (3) negotiate in good faith with IGT regarding any
    amendment of the merger agreement. We may terminate the merger
    agreement if we do not reach an agreement with IGT to amend the
    merger agreement with IGT within ten days of commencing
    negotiations with IGT.

The termination of the merger agreement does not,
however, terminate certain obligations under the merger
agreement, including the parties holding information
confidential, paying any required termination fees, and
consulting with one another before issuing any press releases or
public statements with respect to the merger.

Fees and Expenses

Whether or not the merger is consummated, all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated in the merger
agreement will be paid by the party incurring those expenses.

Termination Fee

We must pay IGT $3.9 million in the event of
the termination of the merger agreement under any of the
following circumstances:

 

we terminated the merger agreement because we
    received a superior proposal;

 

IGT terminated the merger agreement because our
    board withdrew or adversely modified its recommendation to our
    stockholders following our receipt of a takeover proposal,
    recommended a takeover proposal to our stockholders or failed to
    call or hold the special stockholders meeting (to vote on
    the merger agreement with IGT) following our receipt of a
    takeover proposal; or

 

IGT terminated the merger agreement because we
    willfully and materially breached our covenant not to solicit,
    initiate, encourage or participate in discussions or
    negotiations regarding a takeover proposal; or



 

(1) a takeover proposal is made before our
    special stockholders meeting, (2) our stockholders
    did not approve the merger agreement, and (3) within nine
    months after the termination of the merger agreement we enter
    into an agreement for, and, within twelve months after the
    termination of the merger agreement, complete, a transaction
    with the party making a takeover proposal.

IGT must pay us a termination fee of
$3.9 million if we terminate the merger agreement because
IGT is in material breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the merger
agreement or IGT terminates the merger agreement while in
material breach. The payment by IGT of a termination fee is our
exclusive remedy against IGT if the merger agreement is
terminated by us.

Amendment; Waiver

The merger agreement may be amended in writing by
agreement of Acres, IGT and NWAC Corp. at any time, except that
after adoption of the merger agreement by our stockholders, no
amendment may be made that by law would require further approval
of the stockholders unless that approval is obtained. At any
time prior to the effective time of the merger, any party to the
merger agreement may extend the time for the performance of any
of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties or, subject
to the amendment provisions, waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement.

Voting Agreement

Contemporaneously with the execution of the
merger agreement, in order to induce IGT to enter into the
merger agreement, Floyd W. Glisson entered into a voting
agreement with IGT. Under the voting agreement, Mr. Glisson
agreed to vote all of the Acres common stock he owns or controls
in favor of the merger. Additionally, he has agreed not to
pledge or otherwise dispose of any of the Acres common stock he
owns.

Mr. Glisson owns approximately 4.9% of our
common stock. The voting agreement terminates upon termination
of the merger agreement by us because of a superior proposal.

MARKET PRICE OF ACRES COMMON STOCK

Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq SmallCap
Market under the symbol AGAM. The following table sets forth the
high and low sales price of Acres common stock on the Nasdaq
composite tape:

HIGH

LOW

First Calendar Quarter

6.75

1.50

Second Calendar Quarter

7.25

4.30

Third Calendar Quarter

5.27

2.10

Fourth Calendar Quarter

5.98

2.20

HIGH

LOW

First Calendar Quarter

5.85

2.98

Second Calendar Quarter

5.74

4.13

Third Calendar Quarter

6.25

3.50

Fourth Calendar Quarter

6.20

4.97



HIGH

LOW

First Calendar Quarter

7.88

5.03

Second Calendar Quarter

11.66

7.29

Third Calendar Quarter(1)

11.24

11.16

(1) 

July 1, 2003 through July 25, 2003

On June 27, 2003, the last trading day
before the execution of the merger agreement was publicly
announced, the closing sales price per share of Acres common
stock reported on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market was $11.20.
Stockholders are urged to obtain current information with
respect to the market price of the Acres common stock. As
of                     ,
2003, the record date for the special stockholders meeting,
there
were                     owners
of record of Acres common stock.

We did not pay dividends in fiscal years 2002 or
2003 and do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable
future.

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF ACRES COMMON
STOCK

The following table sets forth information as of
July 25, 2003 (except as otherwise indicated) regarding the
beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by each of
our directors and each of our executive officers, all of our
directors and executive officers as a group, and, to our
knowledge, each of our stockholders who owns more than 5% of our
common stock.

Number of Shares

Percent of

Beneficial Owner

Beneficially Owned(1)

Outstanding(2)

Directors and Executive
    Officers

Floyd W. Glisson

523,500

(3)

4.9

%

Robert W. Brown

118,250

(4)

1.1

%

Richard J. Schneider

108,000

(5)

1.0

%

Reed M. Alewel

104,509

(6)

*

David R. Willensky

19,800

(7)

*

Roger B. Hammock

17,700

(8)

*

Patrick W. Cavanaugh

16,000

(9)

*

Ronald G. Bennett

7,500

(10)

*

Richard D. Furash

4,375

(11)

*

All directors and executive officers as a group
    (9 persons)

919,634

(12)

8.3

%

Principal Stockholders

David L. Babson & Company, Inc.

One Memorial Drive

Cambridge, MA 02142

911,300

(13)

8.7

%

Delta Partners LLC

One Financial Center, Suite 1600

Boston, MA 02111

705,200

(14)

6.7

%

Reid S. Walker and G. Stacy Smith

300 Crescent Court, Suite 880

Dallas, Texas 75201

690,700

(15)

6.6

%

*

Less than 1%.



(1) 

Beneficial Ownership is defined
    pursuant to Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, and generally
    means any person who directly or indirectly has or shares voting
    or investment power with respect to a security. A person shall
    be deemed to be the beneficial owner of a security if that
    person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such
    security within 60 days, including, but not limited to, any
    right to acquire such security through the exercise of any
    option or warrant or through the conversion of a security. Each
    person has sole voting and sole dispositive power with respect
    to all outstanding shares, except as noted.

(2) 

Based on 10,523,286 shares outstanding at
    July 25, 2003. Any securities not outstanding that are
    subject to options or warrants held by a person are deemed to be
    outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of
    outstanding securities of the class owned by such person, but
    are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
    the percentage of the class owned by any other person.

(3) 

Includes 81,000 shares owned jointly with
    Mr. Glissons wife as trustees of the Glisson Family
    Trust, with respect to which Mr. Glisson has shared voting
    and shared dispositive powers, 150,000 shares of restricted
    stock and 142,500 shares subject to options exercisable within
    60 days of July 25, 2003.

(4) 

Includes 2,000 shares Mr. Brown holds as
    trustee for the benefit of his minor children, with respect to
    which he has sole voting and dispositive powers, and 116,250
    shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
    July 25, 2003.

(5) 

Includes 108,000 shares subject to options
    exercisable within 60 days of July 25, 2003.

(6) 

Includes 2,000 shares owned jointly with
    Mr. Alewels wife and 339 shares held as trustee for
    the benefit of his minor children, with respect to which
    Mr. Alewel has shared voting and shared dispositive powers.
    Also includes 620 shares held by Mr. Alewels wife
    with respect to which he has no voting or dispositive powers.
    Includes 100,000 shares subject to options exercisable within
    60 days of July 25, 2003.

(7) 

Includes 300 shares held by
    Mr. Willenskys wife with respect to which he has no
    voting or dispositive powers and 7,500 shares subject to options
    exercisable within 60 days of July 25, 2003.

(8) 

Includes 4,000 shares owned jointly with
    Mr. Hammocks wife with respect to which
    Mr. Hammock has shared voting and shared dispositive powers
    and 700 shares held as trustee for the benefit of his children.
    Also includes 7,500 shares subject to options exercisable within
    60 days of July 25, 2003.

(9) 

Includes 16,000 shares subject to options
    exercisable within 60 days of July 25, 2003.

(10) 

Includes 7,500 shares subject to options
    exercisable within 60 days of July 25, 2003.

(11) 

Includes 4,375 shares subject to options
    exercisable within 60 days of July 25, 2003.

(12) 

Includes 512,750 shares subject to options
    exercisable within 60 days of July 25, 2003.

(13) 

Based solely on a Schedule 13G/ A filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2003,
    reporting information as of December 31, 2002.

(14) 

Based solely on a Schedule 13G/ A filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29, 2003,
    reporting information as of December 31, 2002

(15) 

Based solely on a Schedule 13G/ A filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14,
    2003, reporting information as of February 12, 2003.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Acres is subject to the informational
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and files
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC.
These reports, proxy statements and other information can be
obtained upon payment of prescribed fees at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC at Room 1024, 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain
information on the operation of the SECs public reference
facilities by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC
maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains
reports, proxy statements and other information regarding the
companies, including Interlinq, that file electronically with
the SEC.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS MAY PROVE
INACCURATE

This document, and documents to which we refer
you in this document, contain forward-looking statements about,
among other things, Acres, IGT and our expectations or beliefs
concerning future events or future results of operations. These
statements are typically identified by terms indicating future
expectation such as anticipates,
believes, expects,
estimates, intends and similar
expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to
numerous risks and uncertainties and many factors could cause
actual results and events to differ significantly from those
discussed in forward-looking statements.



All forward-looking statements are subject to the
risks and uncertainties inherent with predictions and forecasts.
They are necessarily speculative statements, and unforeseen
factors, such as competitive pressures, changes in regulatory
structure, failure to gain the approval of regulatory
authorities, and changes in customer acceptance of gaming could
cause results to differ materially from any that may be
expected. Forward-looking statements are made in the context of
information available as of the date stated. We do not undertake
any obligation to update or revise the statements to reflect new
circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur.

OTHER BUSINESS AND STOCKHOLDER
PROPOSALS

At the date of this proxy statement, we know of
no other business that may properly come before the special
meeting. However, if any other matters properly come before the
meeting, the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy will
vote the proxies received in response to this solicitation in
accordance with their best judgment on such matters.

If the merger is consummated, we do not intend to
hold an annual meeting of our stockholders. If the merger
agreement is terminated, we will hold an annual meeting of our
stockholders and will announce the date by which stockholder
proposals must be submitted in order to be considered timely
submitted in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

By Order of Board of Directors,

Floyd W. Glisson

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



APPENDIX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER
, dated as of June 29,
2003, among International Game Technology, a Nevada corporation
(
Parent
), NWAC Corp., a Nevada corporation
and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
(
Sub
), and Acres Gaming Incorporated, a
Nevada corporation (the 
Company
).

BACKGROUND

A.            The
respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Sub and the Company
have approved the merger of Sub with and into the Company (the

Merger
), upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement and in accordance with
the Nevada Revised Statutes (the 
NRS
),
whereby each issued and outstanding share of common stock of the
Company, $.01 par value per share (the 
Company Common
Stock
), other than shares to be cancelled in
accordance with Section 2.1(b), will be converted into the
right to receive the Merger Consideration (as defined below).

B.            The
Merger requires the approval of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock (the

Stockholder Approval
).

C.            Parent,
Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.

D.            Concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a
condition and inducement to each of Parents and Subs
willingness to enter into this Agreement, Floyd W. Glisson, a
stockholder of the Company (the 
Selected
Stockholder
), has entered into a Voting Agreement (the

Voting Agreement
) with Parent dated as of the
date of this Agreement substantially in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto, pursuant to which the Selected
Stockholder has agreed, among other things, to vote all voting
securities of the Company beneficially owned by the Selected
Stockholder or for which the Selected Stockholder exercises
voting power pursuant to an irrevocable proxy in favor of
approval and adoption of the Agreement and the Merger.

AGREEMENT

In consideration of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

SECTION 1.1       
The
Merger
. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the NRS, Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time
(as defined in Section 1.3). Following the Merger, the
separate corporate existence of Sub shall cease and the Company
shall continue as the surviving corporation (the

Surviving Corporation
) and shall succeed to
and assume all the rights and obligations of the Company and of
Sub in accordance with the NRS.

SECTION 1.2       
Closing
.
The closing of the Merger will take place at 10:00 a.m. on
a date to be specified by the parties, which shall be no later
than the second business day after satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VI (the 
Closing
Date
), at the offices of OMelveny &
Myers LLP, 275 Battery Street, 26th Floor, San
Francisco, California, unless another time, date or place is
agreed to by the parties hereto.

A-1



SECTION 1.3       
Effective
Time
. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon
as practicable on or after the Closing Date, the parties shall
prepare, execute and acknowledge and thereafter file articles of
merger in such form as is required by Section 92A.200 of
the NRS and shall make all other filings or recordings required
under the NRS. The Merger shall become effective at such time as
such filing or filings are made with the Secretary of State of
the State of Nevada, or at such other time as Sub and the
Company shall agree should be specified in such filings (the
date and time of such effectiveness, being the

Effective Time
).

SECTION 1.4       
Effects
of the Merger
. The Merger shall have the effects set forth
in Section 92A.250 of the NRS and all other effects
specified in the applicable provisions of the NRS.

SECTION 1.5       
Articles
of Incorporation and By-laws
. At the Effective Time, the
articles of incorporation and by-laws of Surviving Corporation
shall be amended to be identical to the articles of
incorporation and by-laws, respectively, of Sub as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time (except that the name of
the Surviving Corporation shall be changed to a name designated
by Parent), until thereafter changed or amended as provided
therein or by applicable law.

SECTION 1.6       
Directors
.
At the Effective Time, each of the directors of the Company
shall resign from the Board of Directors of the Company. The
directors of Sub at the Effective Time shall continue as the
directors of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of
their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

SECTION 1.7       
Officers
.
The officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation
and shall hold office until the earlier of their death,
resignation or removal.

SECTION 1.8       
Additional
Actions.
 If, at any time after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall consider or be advised that any
deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assurances or any other
actions or things are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or
confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation its
right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights,
properties or assets of Sub or the Company or otherwise to carry
out this Agreement, the officers and directors of the Surviving
Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the
name and on behalf of Sub or the Company, all such deeds, bills
of sale, assignments and assurances and to take and do, in the
name and on behalf of Sub or the Company, all such other actions
and things as may be necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or
confirm any and all right, title and interest in, to and under
such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation
or otherwise to carry out this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF
THE

CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES

SECTION 2.1       
Effect
on Capital Stock
. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Sub, the
Company or the holders of any shares of Company Common Stock or
any shares of capital stock of Sub:

(a)       
Capital
Stock of Sub
. Each share of the capital stock of Sub issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
converted into one fully paid and nonassessable share of common
stock of the Surviving Corporation.

(b)       
Cancellation
of Treasury Stock and Parent Owned Stock
. Each share of
Company Common Stock that is owned by the Company or by any
subsidiary of the Company and each share of Company Common Stock
that is owned by Parent, Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be
cancelled and retired without any conversion thereof and no
consideration shall be delivered with respect thereto.

A-2



(c)       
Conversion
of Common Stock
.

(i)       At
the Effective Time, each share of Company Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
than shares of Company Common Stock (A) owned by the
Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or Parent, Sub or any
other subsidiary of Parent or (B) held by stockholders
(
Dissenting Stockholders
) duly exercising
appraisal rights pursuant to Section 92A.380 of the NRS
(
Dissenting Shares
 and, collectively with the
shares of Company Common Stock owned by the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company or Parent, Sub or any other subsidiary
of Parent, (the 
Excluded Shares
) shall, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive, without
interest, $11.50 in cash (the 
Merger
Consideration
).

(ii)       As
of the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock shall
no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled
and retired and shall cease to exist, and each certificate
previously representing any such shares shall thereafter
represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration upon
surrender of such certificates in accordance with
Section 2.2 or the right, if any, to require the Surviving
Corporation to purchase such shares of Company Common Stock for
their fair value as determined in accordance with
Section 92A.380 of the NRS. The holders of such
certificates previously evidencing such shares of Company Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
cease to have any rights with respect to such shares of Company
Common Stock as of the Effective Time except as otherwise
provided herein or by law.

SECTION 2.2       
Exchange
of Certificates
.

(a)       Promptly
after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent (as defined below)
shall mail to each holder of record of Company Common Stock
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded
Shares) (i) a letter of transmittal (the 
Company
Letter of Transmittal
) (which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Company certificates representing shares of the Company Common
Stock (the 
Certificates
) shall pass, only
upon delivery of such Certificates to the Exchange Agent and
shall be in such form and have such other provisions as Parent
shall specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger
Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock
formerly represented thereby.

(b)       At
the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit with, or cause to be
deposited with, the party specified by Parent and reasonably
acceptable to the Company as the exchange agent (the

Exchange Agent
), for the benefit of the
holders of the Company Common Stock, amounts sufficient in the
aggregate to provide all funds necessary for the Exchange Agent
to make payments pursuant to Section 2.1(c)(i) hereof to
holders of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time who are to receive the
Merger Consideration. Any interest, dividends, or other income
earned on the investment of cash deposited by Parent with the
Exchange Agent in accordance with this Section 2.2(b) shall
be for the account of and payable to Parent.

(c)       Upon
surrender to the Exchange Agent of Certificates, together with
the Company Letter of Transmittal, duly executed and completed
in accordance with the instructions thereto, and, and only upon
such surrender, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled
to receive, in exchange therefor, and Parent shall promptly
cause to be delivered to such holder a check in the amount to
which such holder is entitled, after giving effect to any
required tax withholdings. The Certificates surrendered pursuant
to this Section 2.2(c) shall forthwith be cancelled. If any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen, mislaid or destroyed,
then upon receipt of an affidavit of that fact from the holder
claiming such Certificate to be lost, mislaid, stolen or
destroyed and a lost certificate indemnity, the Exchange Agent
shall issue to such holder the Merger Consideration into which
the shares represented by such lost, stolen, mislaid or
destroyed Certificate shall have been converted.

(d)       No
interest will be paid or will accrue on the amount payable upon
the surrender of any Certificate. If payment is to be made to a
person other than the registered holder of the Certificate

A-3



surrendered, it shall be a condition of such
payment that the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly
endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer, as
determined by the Exchange Agent or Parent, and that the person
requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes
required by reason of the payment to a person other than the
registered holder of the Certificate surrendered or establish to
the satisfaction of the Parent or the Exchange Agent that such
tax has been paid or is not payable. One year following the
Effective Time, Parent shall be entitled to cause the Exchange
Agent to deliver to it any funds (including any interest
received with respect thereto) made available to the Exchange
Agent which have not been disbursed to holders of certificates
formerly representing shares of Company Common Stock outstanding
on the Effective Time, and thereafter such holders shall be
entitled to look to the Parent only as general creditors thereof
with respect to cash payable upon due surrender of their
Certificates.

(e)       In
the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock
which is not registered in the transfer records of the Company,
Merger Consideration may be paid or issued to a person other
than the person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is
registered, if such Certificate, accompanied by all documents
required to evidence and effect such transfer, shall be properly
endorsed with signature guarantees or otherwise be in proper
form for transfer, and the person requesting such payment shall
pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
payment of the Merger Consideration to a person other than the
registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the
satisfaction of Parent that such tax has been paid or is not
applicable.

(f)       The
Merger Consideration paid upon the surrender for exchange of
Certificates in accordance with the terms of this
Article II shall be deemed to have been paid and issued in
full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of
Company Common Stock theretofore represented by such
Certificates, subject, however, to the Surviving
Corporations obligation to pay any dividends or make any
other distributions with a record date prior to the Effective
Time which may have been declared or made by the Company on such
shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement or prior to the date of this Agreement and which
remain unpaid at the Effective Time and have not been paid prior
to surrender. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of
the Company shall be closed, and there shall be no further
registrations of transfers of shares of Company Common Stock
thereafter on the records of the Company.

SECTION 2.3       
No
Liability
. None of Parent, Sub, the Company or the Exchange
Agent shall be liable to any holder of shares of Company Common
Stock for any cash otherwise payable to such holder of shares of
Company Common Stock or paid to a public official pursuant to
any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

SECTION 2.4       
Dissenters
Rights
. If any Dissenting Stockholder shall be entitled to
require the Company to purchase such stockholders shares
for their fair value, as provided in
Section 92A.380 of the NRS, the Company shall give Parent
notice thereof and Parent shall have the right to participate in
all negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such
demands. Neither the Company nor the Surviving Corporation
shall, except with the prior written consent of Parent,
voluntarily make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer
to settle, any such demand for payment. If any Dissenting
Stockholder shall fail to perfect or shall have effectively
withdrawn or lost the right to dissent, the shares held by such
stockholder shall thereupon be entitled to be surrendered in
exchange for cash as provided by Sections 2.1 and 2.2
hereof.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 3.1       
Representations
and Warranties of the Company
. The Company represents and
warrants to Parent and Sub as follows:

(a)       
Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power
. The Company is and each of its
subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which
it is organized and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to carry on its

A-4



business as now being conducted. The Company and
each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do
business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification
or licensing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where
the failure to be so qualified or licensed would not have a
Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.3) on the
Company. The Company has made available to Parent complete and
correct copies of its articles of incorporation and by-laws and
the articles of incorporation and by-laws or other
organizational documents of its subsidiaries, in each case as
amended to the date of this Agreement.

(b)       
Subsidiaries
and Other Equity Interests
. 
Section 3.1(b)

of the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to
Parent prior to execution of this Agreement (the

Company Disclosure Schedule
) contains a list
of each subsidiary of the Company and its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization. All the outstanding shares of
capital stock of each such subsidiary have been validly issued
and are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned as set forth
in 
Section 3.1(b) 
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, free and clear of all pledges, claims, liens, charges,
encumbrances and security interests of any kind or nature
whatsoever (collectively, 
Liens
). Except as
set forth in 
Section 3.1(b) 
of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not own, directly or
indirectly, any capital stock or other ownership interest in any
corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture or other entity.

(c)       
Capital
Structure
. The authorized capital stock of the Company
consists of as of the date hereof, and will consist of as of the
Effective Time, 50,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and
20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value per share
(the 
Company Preferred Stock
), of which
1,038,961 shares have been designated as Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock. The rights, privileges and
preferences of the Company Common Stock and Company Preferred
Stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, are as
stated in the Companys Articles of Incorporation, as
amended to date, including for such purposes the Certificate of
Designation relating to the Series A Preferred Stock. As of
the close of business on June 27, 2003, (i) 10,411,851
shares of the Company Common Stock and no shares of the
Companys Series A Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding, (ii) no shares of Company Common Stock were
held by the Company in its treasury, (iii) 1,138,600 shares
of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise
of the Stock Options (as defined in Section 5.5) and
(iv) 253,051 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
for issuance upon the exercise of the Warrants (as defined in
Section 5.5). All issued and outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock are, and all shares which may be issued upon the
exercise of Stock Options or the Warrants will be, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and
are not subject to and were not issued in violation of any
preemptive rights. To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no
voting trusts, voting agreements, irrevocable proxies or other
agreements with respect to any voting shares of capital stock of
the Company, other than the Voting Agreement. There are no
bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries having the right to vote (or convertible
into or exchangeable for other securities having the right to
vote) on any matters on which the stockholders of the Company
may vote. Except as set forth above, as of the date of this
Agreement, there are no outstanding securities, options,
warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements, arrangements
or undertakings of any kind to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound
obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold,
additional shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
the Company or of any of its subsidiaries or obligating the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or
enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right,
commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. Except as set
forth in 
Section 3.1(c) 
of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding contractual
obligations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital
stock (or options to acquire any such shares) of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries. Except as set forth in

Section 3.1(c) 
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there are no agreements, arrangements or commitments
of any character (contingent or otherwise) (x) pursuant to
which any person is or may be entitled to receive any payment
based on the revenues, earnings or financial performance of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or assets or calculated in
accordance therewith

A-5



(other than ordinary course payments or
commissions to sales representatives of the Company based upon
revenues generated by them without augmentation as a result of
the transactions contemplated hereby), or (y) to cause the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to file a registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the

Securities Act
), or which otherwise relate to
the registration of any securities of the Company. All of the
Companys outstanding Convertible Subordinated Debentures
dated December 21, 2001 have been converted into Company
Common Stock.

(d)       
Authority;
Noncontravention.
 The Company has the requisite corporate
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to
the Stockholder Approval, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of the Company, subject to the Stockholder Approval of this
Agreement. Assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub, this Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes
a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms.

The execution and delivery of this Agreement does
not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of
or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material benefit
under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
under, (i) the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the
Company or the comparable charter or organizational documents of
any of its subsidiaries, (ii) any contract for the
provision of any form of gaming services or products between the
Company or any of its subsidiaries and any third party, any loan
or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease,
joint venture or other agreement, instrument, permit,
concession, franchise or license applicable to the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or
assets, except as set forth in 
Section 3.1(d)

of the Company Disclosure Schedule or (iii) subject
to the governmental filings, approvals and other matters
referred to in the following paragraph, any judgment, order,
decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation (including,
without limitation, those of the National Indian Gaming
Commission, or any other tribal or governmental authority
regulating any form of gaming) applicable to the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), any such
conflicts, violations, defaults or rights that individually or
in the aggregate would not (A) have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company, (B) impair in any material respect
the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or (C) prevent or materially delay the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
or registration, declaration or filing with, any federal, state
or local government or any court, administrative or regulatory
agency or commission or other governmental authority or agency,
domestic or foreign, including, without limitation, the National
Indian Gaming Commission, or any other tribal or governmental
authority regulating any form of gaming (a 
Governmental
Entity
), is required by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for
(i) the filing with the Federal Trade Commission and the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the

Specified Agencies
) of a premerger
notification and report form by the Company under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the

HSR Act
), (ii) the filing with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
SEC
)
of (x) the Proxy Statement (as defined in Section 5.1)
and (y) such reports under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the 
Exchange Act
), as may
be required in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) the
filing of the articles of merger with the Secretary of State of
the State of Nevada and appropriate documents with the relevant
authorities of other states in which the Company is qualified to
do business, (iv) the approval by (A) the Nevada State
Gaming Control Board and the Nevada Gaming Commission under the
Nevada Gaming Control Act and

A-6



the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
and (B) other gaming regulatory bodies in jurisdictions
where the Company or its subsidiaries are engaged in business
and (v) such other consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings the
failure of which to be obtained or made would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, impair in any material
respect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
under this Agreement or prevent or materially delay the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company
nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any director or officer of
the Company or of any subsidiary of the Company has received any
written claim, demand, notice, complaint, court order or
administrative order from any Governmental Entity in the past
three years, asserting that a license of it or them, as
applicable, under any Gaming Laws is being or may be revoked or
suspended other than such claims, demands, notices, complaints,
court orders or administrative orders which would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

(e)       
SEC
Documents; Financial Statements
. Since July 1, 2001,
the Company has timely filed with the SEC all required reports
and forms and other documents (the 
Company SEC
Documents
). As of their respective effective dates or
dates of filing, as the case may be, for Company SEC Documents
filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, the Company
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the
case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to such Company SEC Documents
and none of the Company SEC Documents contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the
Company included in the Company SEC Documents comply as to form
in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles (except, in the case of unaudited
statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may
be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present the
financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and
the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods
then ended. Except as set forth in the Company SEC Documents
filed prior to the date of this Agreement and publicly available
and except for liabilities and obligations incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since
the date of the most recent balance sheet included in the
Company SEC Documents, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has any material liabilities or obligations of any
nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise)
required by generally accepted accounting principles to be set
forth on a balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries or in the notes thereto.

(f)       
Information
Supplied
. None of the information supplied or to be supplied
by the Company specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first
mailed to the Companys stockholders or at the time of the
Company Stockholders Meeting (as defined in
Section 5.1(d)), contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, except that no
representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect
to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on
information supplied by Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion
or incorporation by reference therein.

(g) 
Absence of Certain Changes or
Events
. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents
filed prior to the date of this Agreement and publicly available
or disclosed in 
Section 3.1(g) 
of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, since July 1, 2002, the Company has
conducted its business only in the ordinary course consistent
with prior practice, and there has not been (i) any
Material Adverse Change in the Company, (ii) any
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with respect
to any of the Companys capital stock, (iii) any
split, combination or reclassification of any of its capital
stock or any issuance or the

A-7



authorization of any issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
shares of its capital stock, (iv) any granting by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to any officer or employee of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries of (A) any increase
in compensation or (B) any right to participate in (by way
of bonus or otherwise) the profits of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, except, in each case, in the ordinary course of
business consistent with prior practice or as was required under
employment agreements or salary or wage policies in effect as of
the date of the most recent audited financial statements
included in the Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date of
this Agreement (a list of all such employment agreements or
salary or wage policies being set forth in

Section 3.1(g) 
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule), (v) any granting by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to any such officer or employee of any increase in
severance or termination pay, except as was required under
employment, severance or termination agreements in effect as of
the date of the most recent audited financial statements
included in the Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date of
this Agreement and publicly available, (vi) any entry into,
or renewal or modification, by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, of any employment, consulting, severance or
termination agreement with any officer, director or employee of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (vii) any damage,
destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, that
has or could have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company,
(viii) any change in accounting methods, principles or
practices by the Company materially affecting its assets,
liabilities or business, or (ix) since March 31, 2003,
any other action taken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
which, if Section 4.1 had then been in effect, would have
been prohibited by such Article if taken without Parents
consent (and no agreement, understanding, obligation or
commitment to take any such action exists).

(h)       
Litigation
.
Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed prior to
the date of this Agreement and publicly available or in

Section 3.1(h)
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there is no suit, action, investigation, audit or
proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries that
would (i) have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company,
(ii) impair in any material respect the ability of the
Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
(iii) prevent or delay in any material respect the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule
or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries having, or which
is reasonably likely to have, any effect referred to in the
foregoing clauses (i), (ii) or (iii).

(i)       
Brokers
.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their
respective officers, directors or employees has employed any
broker or finder, or incurred any liability for any financial
advisory fees, brokerage fees, commissions or finders fees
(other than financial advisory fees paid to The Seidler
Companies Incorporated (
Seidler
)), and no
broker or finder has acted directly or indirectly for the
Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. A true,
correct and complete copy of the Companys definitive
engagement letter with Seidler has been delivered to Parent.

(j)       
Voting
Requirements
. The Board of Directors of the Company at a
meeting duly called and held: (i) determined that the
Merger is advisable and fair and in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders; (ii) approved the Merger and
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (including, without limitation, for purposes of
Section 78.438 of the NRS); (iii) amended the by-laws
of the Company to provide that the provisions of
Sections 78.378 to 78.3793 of the NRS do not apply to an
acquisition of a controlling interest in the Company by Parent
and Sub pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and
(iv) recommended approval of this Agreement and the Merger
by the holders of the Companys Common Stock and directed
that the Merger be submitted for consideration by the
Companys stockholders. The affirmative approval of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock entitled to vote is the only approval of the
holders of any class or series of the Companys capital
stock necessary to approve the Merger, this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

A-8



(k)       
Title
to Properties
. 
Section 3.1(k) 
of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of each real
property lease to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party as of the date of this Agreement setting forth the
location of the leased premises, the term of the lease, the
approximate square footage of the leased premises and the
current monthly lease payments. The Company does not own any
real property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and
marketable title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all their
properties and assets except where such failure would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

(l)       
ERISA
Compliance
.

(i)       The
Company has delivered to, or made available for review by,
Parent true, complete and correct copies of all employee
pension benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(2) of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
(
ERISA
)) (sometimes referred to herein as

Pension Plans
), employee welfare
benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA)
and all other collective bargaining agreements or bonus,
pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive
compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option,
phantom stock, retirement, vacation, severance, disability,
death benefit, hospitalization, medical or other material
employee benefit plans, arrangements or understandings
(collectively, 
Benefit Plans
) currently
maintained, or contributed to, or required to be maintained or
contributed to, by the Company or any other person or entity
that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer
under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (each a

Commonly Controlled Entity
), including all
employment, termination, severance or other contracts for the
benefit of any current employees, officers or directors of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Company has delivered
to, or made available for review by, Parent true, complete and
correct copies of (A) the most recent annual report on
Form 5500 filed with the Internal Revenue Service
(
IRS
) with respect to each of its Benefit
Plans (if any such report was required), (B) the most
recently prepared actuarial report, if any, for each such
Benefit Plan, (C) the most recent summary plan description
for each such Benefit Plan for which such summary plan
description is required, (D) the most recently received IRS
determination letter, if any, for each such Benefit Plan that is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code
and (E) each trust agreement and group annuity contract
relating to any such Benefit Plan.

(ii)       Each
of the Companys and its subsidiaries Benefit Plans
has been administered in all material respects in accordance
with its terms. The Company, each of its subsidiaries and all
such Benefit Plans are in compliance in all material respects
with applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code.

(iii)       Each
of the Companys and its subsidiaries Pension Plans
that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code has been the subject of a determination letter from the
IRS to the effect that such Pension Plans are qualified and
exempt from federal income taxes under Section 401(a) and
501(a), respectively, of the Code or has remaining a period of
time under applicable law in which to apply such a letter and no
such determination letter has been revoked nor, to the Knowledge
of the Company, has revocation been threatened, nor has any such
Pension Plan been amended in any respect that would adversely
affect its qualification or materially increase the cost to the
Company and its subsidiaries of maintaining such Pension Plan
over the costs incurred by the Company and its subsidiaries with
respect thereto for their most recent fiscal year.

(iv)       No
Pension Plan maintained by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries at any time during the last five years is subject
to Title IV of ERISA. No Pension Plan to which the Company
or any of its subsidiaries contributes or is required to
contribute is a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of
Section 3(37) of ERISA).

(v)       None
of the Company, any of its subsidiaries, any officer of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, any trustee or administrator or any of the
Companys or its subsidiaries Benefit Plans which are
subject to ERISA, including, without limitation, its Pension
Plans, has engaged in a non-exempt prohibited
transaction (as such term is defined in Section 406
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) or any other breach
of fiduciary responsibility that

A-9



will subject the Company, or any of its
subsidiaries or any officer of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, to tax or penalty under ERISA, the Code or other
applicable law that is material to the business of the Company
and that has not been corrected.

(vi)       Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement or as set forth in

Section 3.1(l) 
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement will not result in an increase in the amount of
compensation or benefits or accelerate the vesting or timing of
payment of any benefits payable to or in respect of any employee
or former employee of the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company or the beneficiary or dependent of any such employee or
former employee.

(vii)       With
respect to any of the Companys or any of its
subsidiaries Benefit Plans that is an employee welfare
benefit plan, (A) no such Benefit Plan is funded through a
welfare benefit fund, as such term is defined in
Section 419(e) of the Code, (B) each such Benefit Plan
that is a group health plan, as such term is defined
in Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code, complies in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of
Section 4980B(f) of the Code and (C) each such Benefit
Plan (including any such Benefit Plan covering retirees or other
former employees) may be amended or terminated without material
liability to the Company or any of its subsidiaries on or at any
time after the Effective Time (subject to customary advance
notice requirements).

(viii)       No
Commonly Controlled Entity has incurred any material liability
to a Pension Plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
(other than for contributions not yet due).

(m)       
Taxes
.

(i)       Each
of the Company and its subsidiaries has timely filed all
material federal, state, local and foreign tax returns,
declarations, estimates, information returns, statements and
reports (
Returns
) required to be filed by it
through the date hereof and shall timely file all such Returns
required to be filed on or before the Effective Time. All such
Returns are and will be true, complete and correct in all
material respects. The Company and each of its subsidiaries has
paid and discharged (or the Company has paid and discharged on
such subsidiarys behalf) all material taxes due from them,
other than such taxes as are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and are adequately reserved for on the
most recent financial statements contained in the SEC Documents
filed prior to the date of this Agreement and publicly
available. No liability for taxes has been incurred by the
Company and its subsidiaries subsequent to such date other than
in the ordinary course of business, except for such liability,
which when taken together with the events or circumstances
giving rise to such liability, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(ii)       No
claim or deficiency for any taxes has been proposed, threatened,
asserted or assessed by the IRS or any other taxing authority or
agency against the Company, or any of its subsidiaries which, if
resolved against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would
have a Material Adverse Effect upon the Company. No requests for
waivers of the time to assess any taxes have been granted or are
pending. No power of attorney has been granted by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries with respect to taxes which is currently
in force. None of the federal income tax returns of the Company
and each of its subsidiaries consolidated in such returns have
been examined by and settled with the IRS. Except as set forth
in 
Section 3.1(m) 
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
made any election under Section 341(f) of the Code.

(iii) Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is liable for the taxes of any person (other than
another current member of the Companys consolidated
group), including, without limitation, as a result of the
application of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6, any
analogous provision of state, local or foreign law, or as a
result of any contractual arrangement with any third party or
with any taxing authority.

(iv)       Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries constitutes either a
distributing corporation or a controlled
corporation (within the meaning of
Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) with respect to a
distribution of shares qualifying for tax-free treatment under
Section 355 of

A-10



the Code (i) in the two years prior to the
date of this Agreement or (ii) that could otherwise
constitute part of a plan or series of related
transactions (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of
the Code) in conjunction with the Merger.

(v)       As
used in this Agreement, unless the context requires otherwise,
taxes includes all federal, state, local and foreign
income, franchise, property, sales, use, excise or any other
tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or other like assessment or
charge of any kind whatsoever, including obligations for
withholding taxes from payments due or made to any other person,
and any interest, penalties or additions to taxes.
Notwithstanding the definition of subsidiary set
forth in Section 8.3 of this Agreement, for the purposes of
this Section 3.1(m), references to the Company and each of
its subsidiaries shall include former subsidiaries of the
Company for the periods during which any such corporations were
included in the consolidated federal income tax return of the
Company.

(n)       
No
Excess Parachute Payments
. Except as set forth in

Section 3.1(n)
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, no amount required to be paid (whether in cash or
property or the vesting of property) in connection with any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to any employee,
officer or director of the Company or any of its affiliates who
is a disqualified individual (as such term is
defined in proposed Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1)
under any employment, severance or termination agreement, other
compensation arrangement or Benefit Plan currently in effect or
in effect as of the Closing Date is reasonably expected to be
characterized as an excess parachute payment (as
such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code).

(o)       
Compliance
with Applicable Laws
.

(i)       Each
of the Company and its subsidiaries has in effect all federal,
state, local and foreign governmental approvals, authorizations,
certificates, filings, franchises, licenses, notices, permits
and rights (
Permits
) necessary for it to own,
lease or operate its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as now conducted, and there has occurred no default
under any such Permit, except for the lack of Permits and for
defaults under Permits, which lack or default would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company. To the Companys
Knowledge, no Governmental Entity is considering limiting,
suspending or revoking any of the Companys or its
subsidiaries material Permits. Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement
and publicly available, the Company and its subsidiaries are in
compliance with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances,
rules, orders and regulations of any Governmental Entity, except
for noncompliance which would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company. The Company is not presently subject to any
order of the National Labor Relations Board and nor is it the
subject of any National Labor Relations Board charge.

(ii)       The
Company and each of its subsidiaries are, and each of their
respective directors, officers, and persons performing
management functions similar to officers are, in material
compliance with all Gaming Laws applicable to the Company and
its subsidiaries.

(p)       
Environmental
.

(i)       The
Company and each of its subsidiaries is, and has been, and each
of the Companys former subsidiaries, while subsidiaries of
the Company, was, in compliance with all applicable
Environmental Laws, except for noncompliance which would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The term

Environmental Laws
 means any federal, state,
local or foreign statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation,
policy, guideline, permit, consent, approval, license, judgment,
order, writ, decree, injunction or other authorization,
including the requirement to register underground storage tanks,
relating to: (A) emissions, discharges, releases or
threatened releases of Hazardous Material (as defined below)
into the environment, including, without limitation, into
ambient air, soil, sediments, land surface or subsurface,
buildings or facilities, surface water, groundwater, publicly
owned treatment works, septic systems or land; (B) the
generation, treatment, storage, disposal, use, handling,
manufacturing, transportation or shipment of Hazardous Material;
(C) protection of the environment; or (D) employee
health and safety.

A-11



(ii)       During
the period of ownership or operation by the Company and its
subsidiaries of any of their respective current or previously
owned or leased properties, there have been no releases of
Hazardous Material in, on, under or affecting such properties
or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any surrounding site,
except in each case for those which would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company has not shipped any
Hazardous Material to any disposal site for which it is or will
be subject to any liability, except for such liabilities which
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Prior
to the period of ownership or operation by the Company and its
subsidiaries of any of their respective current or previously
owned or leased properties, no Hazardous Material was generated,
treated, stored, disposed of, used, handled, released or
manufactured at, or transported, shipped or disposed of from,
such current or previously owned or leased properties, and there
were no releases of Hazardous Material in, on, under or
affecting any such property or any surrounding site, except in
each case for those which would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company. The term 
Hazardous
Material
 means (A) hazardous materials,
contaminants, constituents, medical wastes, hazardous or
infectious wastes and hazardous substances as those terms are
defined in the following statutes and their implementing
regulations: the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act,
49 U.S.C.  1801 
et seq.
, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C.  6901

et seq.
, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act, as amended by the Superfund
Amendments and Reauthorization Act, 42 U.S.C.
 9601 
et seq.
, the Clean Water Act,
33 U.S.C.  1251 
et seq.
 and the Clean Air
Act, 42 U.S.C.  7401 
et seq.
,
(B) petroleum, including crude oil and any fractions
thereof, (C) natural gas, synthetic gas and any mixtures
thereof, (D) asbestos and/or asbestos-containing material
and (E) polychlorinated biphenyls (
PCBs
)
or materials or fluids containing PCBs in excess of 50 ppm.

(q)       
Contracts;
Debt Instruments
. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC
Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement or listed in

Section 3.1(q)
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there is no contract or agreement that is material to
the business, financial condition or results of operations of
the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. For purposes
of this Section 3.1(q), material means each
contract (i) reasonably anticipated to involve aggregate
annual payments of $100,000 or more and which has an unexpired
term in excess of one year; (ii) which would be required to
be listed as an exhibit to the Companys Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2002, or
included as a material contract in any subsequent filing by the
Company under the Exchange Act, in each case, under the rules of
the SEC; (iii) relating to indebtedness for borrowed money,
excluding trade credit or payables in the ordinary course of
business; (iv) creating any guarantee or keepwell
arrangement or other agreement to be liable for the obligations
of another person other than the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries; (v) any joint venture or partnership
agreement; (vi) which is an interest rate, equity or other
swap or derivative instrument; (vii) which contains any
provision or covenant limiting or restricting the ability of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective
affiliates, to sell any products or services of or to any
person, engage in any line of business or compete with or to
obtain products or services from any person or limiting the
ability of any person to provide products or services to the
Company or any of it subsidiaries or affiliates;
(viii) relating to the ownership or use by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or affiliates of intellectual property
owned by, or used in the business of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or affiliates (other than with respect to
off-the-shelf software); (ix) granting or creating any
security interest in, or lien on, any property or assets of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (x) which contains
any provision changing (including, for such purposes, an
acceleration of payments or benefits, or the triggering of
severance obligations) the benefits under, or terms of, such
contract based on a change of control, change
of ownership, sale of the company or similar
type of event. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
is in violation of or in default under (nor does there exist any
condition which upon the passage of time or the giving of
notice, or both, would cause such a violation or default under)
any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease or any other contract, agreement, arrangement or
understanding to which it is a party or by which it or any of
its properties or assets is bound, except for violations or
defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any
outstanding commitments, whether written or oral, to deliver or
provide to any customer a product containing or requiring any
functionality or technology which the Company has not fully
developed for production,

A-12



excluding customer-requested modifications to
existing technologies already in production by the Company which
the Company has the current capabilities to make, as of the date
hereof.

(r)       
Intellectual
Property
.

(i)       
Section 3.1(r)

of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists (A) all
patents held by the Company and its subsidiaries and all pending
patent applications by the Company or any subsidiary, including
for each such patent the serial or patent number, country,
filing and expiration date and title; (B) all registered
trademarks of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and all
pending applications for registration by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries of trademarks, including for each such
trademark, the registration or application number, country,
filing and expiration date; (C) all registered copyrights
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and all applications
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for registration of
copyrights, including the registration number, country and
filing and expiration date of each such copyright; (D) all
covenants not to sue and licenses by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to any person or entity of any of the rights
identified in subparagraphs (A) through (C) above; and
(E) all covenants not to sue and licenses by any other
person or entity to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of
any patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights,
trade secrets, licenses, information, proprietary rights or
processes of any other person or entity (except with respect to
off-the-shelf software).

(ii) Each covenant or license identified in

Section 3.1(r) 
of the Company Disclosure
Schedule (each a 
License
) is a valid and
binding obligation of the Company or the subsidiary thereto,
enforceable in accordance with its terms. With respect to each
License, there is no material default (or event that with the
giving of notice or passage of time would constitute a material
default) by the Company or subsidiary thereto or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, the other party thereto. Except as
disclosed in 
Section 3.1(r) 
of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not received any notice
(and the Company does not have Knowledge) of claims asserted by
any person to use any patents, trademarks, service marks, trade
names, copyrights, technology, know-how or processes licensed by
or to the Company or challenging or questioning the validity or
effectiveness of any License, except to the extent such claims,
challenges or questions would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company.

(iii)       The
Company and its subsidiaries have good and valid title to, or
otherwise possess adequate rights to use, all patents,
trademarks, trade names, copyrights, inventions, trade secrets,
software licenses and other proprietary information necessary to
permit the Company and its subsidiaries to conduct the business
and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries in
substantially the same manner as it had been conducted prior to
the date hereof.

(iv)       Except
as disclosed in 
Section 3.1(r) 
of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has, nor, to the Companys Knowledge has it
been alleged to have, infringed upon any patent, trademark,
trade name or copyright or misappropriated or misused any
invention, trade secret or other proprietary information
entitled to legal protection, except to the extent such
infringement would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.

(v)       All
current or former officers, directors and employees of the
Company have assigned all of their rights in and to, including
any inventorship rights, all patents (including pending
patents), trademarks, copyrights, inventions and other
intellectual property material to the conduct of the business
and operations of the Company or if any such assignments have
not been made, the Company has the valid and enforceable right
to execute and file such assignments on behalf of such current
or former officers, employees or directors.

(s)       
Compliance
with Sarbanes-Oxley Act
. The Company maintains a system of
internal accounting controls that management reasonably believes
is sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset
accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in
accordance with managements general or specific
authorization; and (iv) the

A-13



recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
have made all certifications required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the 
SOX Act
) and any related rules
and regulations promulgated by the SEC, and the statements
contained in any such certification are complete and correct.
The Company maintains disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-14(c) under the
Exchange Act). The Company is otherwise in compliance with all
applicable effective provisions of the SOX Act.

(t)       
Insider
Interests
. No officer, director, employee, agent or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, stockholder of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or any affiliate of any officer or director of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries (as the term
affiliate is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act), (i) as any material interest in any assets
or property (whether real or personal, tangible or intangible)
of or used in the business of the Company or any subsidiary of
the Company (other than as an owner of outstanding securities of
the Company), or (ii) is indebted or otherwise obligated to
the Company in an amount in excess of $60,000. The Company is
not indebted or otherwise obligated to any such person, except
for amounts not in excess of $60,000 or amounts due under normal
arrangements applicable to directors, officers or employees
generally as to salary or fees or reimbursement of ordinary
business expenses not unusual in amount or significance. The
Company has not (i) since July 1, 2002, entered into
any relationship or transaction of a sort that would be required
to be disclosed by the Company in a proxy statement for a
meeting relating to the election of directors pursuant to Item
404 of Regulation S-K, except for those matters that have
been disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the
date of this Agreement, or (ii) since the effective date of
the SOX Act, taken any action prohibited by Section 402 of
the SOX Act. As of the date hereof, to the Knowledge of the
Company there are no losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses,
liabilities or judgments which would entitle any director,
officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to
indemnification by the Company or its subsidiaries under
applicable law, the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or any insurance policy
maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(u)       
Noncompetition
.
Except as listed and identified as containing a non-competition
or similar restriction in 
Section 3.1(u) 
of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its
subsidiaries are not, and after the Effective Time neither the
Surviving Corporation nor Parent will be by reason of any
agreement to which the Company is a party, subject to any
non-competition or similar restriction on their respective
businesses.

(v)       
Fairness
Opinion
. The Company has received a written opinion from
Seidler to the effect that the Merger Consideration is, as of
the date of this Agreement, fair from a financial point of view
to stockholders of the Company.

(w)       
Other
Matters
. Floyd W. Glisson has entered into an Amendment,
dated of even date herewith, to that certain Employment
Agreement dated January 1, 2001 (as amended to the date of
this Agreement, the 
CEO Employment Agreement
)
between CEO and the Company (the 
CEO
Amendment
). Richard J. Schneider has entered into an
employment agreement, of even date herewith, with the Company
(the 
President/ COO Agreement
). Copies of the
executed CEO Amendment and President/ COO Agreement have been
provided to Parent.

SECTION
3.2       
Representations
and Warranties of Parent and Sub
. Parent and Sub represent
and warrant to the Company as follows:

(a)       
Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power
. Parent is and each of its
subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which
it is organized and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to carry on its business as now being conducted.
Parent is and each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified or
licensed to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes
such qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

A-14



(b)       
Authority;
Noncontravention
. Parent and Sub have the requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on
the part of Parent and Sub. Assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, this
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Sub
and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each such
party, enforceable against each such party in accordance with
its terms.

The execution and delivery of this Agreement does
not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of
or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material benefit
under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of Parent or any of its subsidiaries under,
(i) the articles of incorporation or by-laws of Parent or
the comparable charter or organizational documents of any of its
subsidiaries, (ii) any contract for the provision of any
form of gaming services or products between Parent or any of its
subsidiaries and any third party, any loan or credit agreement,
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, joint venture or other
agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or license
applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries or their
respective properties or assets or (iii) subject to the
governmental filings, approvals and other matters referred to in
the following paragraph, any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation (including, without
limitation, those of the National Indian Gaming Commission, or
any other tribal or governmental authority regulating any form
of gaming) applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries or
their respective properties or assets, other than, in the case
of clauses (ii) or (iii), any such conflicts, violations,
defaults or rights that individually or in the aggregate would
not (A) have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent,
(B) impair in any material respect the ability of Parent to
perform its obligations under this Agreement or (C) prevent or
materially delay the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
or registration, declaration or filing with any Governmental
Entity is required by Parent or any of its subsidiaries in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or
the consummation by Parent or Sub, as the case may be, of any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for
(i) the filing with the Specified Agencies of a premerger
notification and report form under the HSR Act, (ii) the
filing with the SEC of such reports under Sections 13(a),
13(d), 13(e) and 16(a) of the Exchange Act as may be required in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, (iii) the filing of the articles of merger
with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada and
appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other
states in which Parent is qualified to do business,
(iv) the approval by (A) the Nevada State Gaming Control
Board and the Nevada Gaming Commission under the Nevada Gaming
Control Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
and (B) other gaming regulatory bodies in jurisdiction
where Parent or its subsidiaries are engaged in business and
(v) such other consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings, the failure of which to
be obtained or made would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent, impair in any respect the ability of Parent to perform
its obligations under this Agreement, or prevent or materially
delay the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. Neither Parent nor any subsidiary of Parent
nor, to the Knowledge of Parent, any director or officer of
Parent or of any subsidiary of Parent has received any written
claim, demand, notice, complaint, court order or administrative
order from any Governmental Entity in the past three years,
asserting that a license of it or them, as applicable, under any
Gaming Laws is being or may be revoked or suspended which would
prevent or materially delay the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or which would have
a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

(c)       
Information
Supplied
. None of the information supplied or to be supplied
by Parent or Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
the Proxy Statement will, at the date the

A-15



Proxy Statement is first mailed to the
Companys stockholders or at the time of the Company
Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading.

(d)       
Voting
Requirements
. The Boards of Directors of Parent and Sub at a
meeting duly called and held: (i) determined that the
Merger is advisable and fair and in the best interests of Parent
and its stockholders; and (ii) approved the Merger and this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
No vote of the holders of any class or series of the
Parents or Subs capital stock is necessary to
approve the Merger, this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except for the approval by
Parent as the sole stockholder of Sub, which approval has been
obtained. Neither Parent, Sub nor any of their affiliates owns
beneficially or of record any capital stock, or securities
convertible into capital stock, of the Company, except as a
result of the execution by Parent or Sub of the Voting Agreement.

(e)       
Brokers
.
Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their
respective officers, directors or employees has employed any
broker or finder, or incurred any liability for any financial
advisory fees, brokerage fees, commissions or finders
fees, and no broker or finder has acted directly or indirectly
for Parent or any of its subsidiaries in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(f)       
Interim
Operations of Sub
.

(i)       Sub
was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the
transactions contemplated hereby, has engaged in no other
business activities and has conducted its operations only as
contemplated hereby.

(ii)       As
of the date hereof and the Effective Time, except for
obligations or liabilities incurred in connection with its
incorporation or organization and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, Sub has not and will not have incurred,
directly or indirectly, through any subsidiary, any obligations
or liabilities or engaged in any business activities of any type
or kind whatsoever or entered into any agreements or
arrangements with any person.

(g)       
Financing
.
Parent has and will have as of the Closing Date sufficient funds
to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration and to pay all fees
and expenses of Parent and Sub related to the Merger.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF
BUSINESS

SECTION 4.1       
Conduct
of Business
.

(a)       
Conduct
of Business by the Company
. Except as expressly set forth in
this Agreement or as consented to in writing by Parent during
the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time
or until the earlier termination of this Agreement pursuant to
its terms, the Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries
to, carry on their respective businesses in the usual, regular
and ordinary course consistent with the manner as heretofore
conducted and in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable laws and regulations and, to the extent consistent
therewith, use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve
intact their current business organizations, keep available the
services of their current officers and employees and preserve
their relationships with customers, suppliers and others having
business dealings with them. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, and except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement or as consented to in writing by Parent between the
date of this Agreement and the Effective Time or until the
earlier termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms, the
Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries
to:

(i)       (A) declare,
set aside or pay (whether in cash, stock, property or otherwise)
any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of,
any of its capital stock, other than

A-16



dividends and distributions by any direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to its parent,
(B) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock
or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in
respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
capital stock or (C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or any rights,
warrants or options to acquire any such shares or other
securities;

(ii)       other
than the issuance of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of
Stock Options or Warrants outstanding on the date of this
Agreement in accordance with their present terms or in
accordance with the present terms of any employment agreements
existing on the date of this Agreement, (A) issue, deliver,
sell, award, pledge, dispose of or otherwise encumber or
authorize or propose the issuance, delivery, grant, sale, award,
pledge or other encumbrance (including limitations in voting
rights) or authorization of, any shares of its capital stock,
any other voting securities or any securities convertible into,
or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares,
voting securities or convertible securities, (B) amend,
waive or otherwise modify the terms of any such rights, warrants
or options (except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement)
or (C) accelerate the vesting of any of the Stock Options
or Warrants;

(iii)       amend
its articles of incorporation, by-laws or other comparable
charter or organizational documents, or alter through merger,
liquidation, reorganization, restructuring or in any other
fashion the corporate structure or ownership of any material
subsidiary of the Company;

(iv)       acquire
or agree to acquire (for cash or shares of stock or otherwise)
(A) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a
substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner,
any business or any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, association or other business
organization or division thereof or (B) any assets with a
fair market value in excess of $100,000 except purchases of
inventory, fixtures, furniture, supplies and equipment in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or any
capital expenditures to the extent permitted by
Section 4.1(a)(viii);

(v)       commence
or undertake or agree to commence the operation or development
of a casino or other gaming operations of any nature (excluding
the existing gaming operations of the Company);

(vi)       mortgage
or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien, or sell, lease,
exchange or otherwise dispose of any of, its properties or
assets, except for sales of its properties or assets in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(vii)       (A) incur
any indebtedness for borrowed money except in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices or guarantee
any such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt
securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt
securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, guarantee
any debt securities of another person, enter into any keep
well or other agreement to maintain any financial
statement condition of another person or enter into any
arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing,
or (B) make any loans, advances or capital contributions
to, or investments in, any other person, other than (1) to
the Company or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company or (2) loans or advances to employees of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries for travel or business
expenses in the ordinary course of business;

(viii)       make
or agree to make any new capital expenditures which individually
exceed $500,000 per fiscal quarter;

(ix)       make
or rescind any express or deemed election relating to material
taxes, settle or compromise any claim, action, suit, litigation,
proceeding, arbitration, investigation, audit or controversy
relating to material taxes, or change any of its methods of
reporting income or deductions for federal income tax purposes
from those employed in the preparation of its federal income tax
return for the taxable year ending June 30, 2002, except as
may be required by applicable law;

A-17



(x)       pay,
discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations
(absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
otherwise), other than the payment, discharge, settlement or
satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice or in accordance with their terms, of liabilities
reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated by, the most
recent consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto)
of the Company included in the Company SEC Documents or incurred
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
or the settlement of litigation involving net payments by the
Company and its subsidiaries of amounts not in excess of
$250,000 in the aggregate;

(xi)       (A) increase
the rate of compensation payable or to become payable generally
to any of the Companys or any of its subsidiaries
directors, officers or employees other than usual and customary
increases to employees who are not officers, (B) pay or
agree to pay any pension, retirement allowance, severance,
continuation or termination benefit or other material employee
benefit not provided for by any existing Pension Plan, Benefit
Plan or employment agreement described in the Company SEC
Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement and publicly
available or as otherwise provided to Parent in writing prior to
the date hereof, (C) establish, adopt or commit itself to
any additional pension, profit sharing, bonus, incentive,
deferred compensation, stock purchase, stock option, stock
appreciation right, group insurance, severance pay, continuation
pay, termination pay, retirement or other material employee
benefit plan, agreement or arrangement, or amend or modify or
increase the benefits under or take any action to accelerate the
rights or benefits under any collective bargaining agreement or
any employee benefit plan, agreement or arrangement, including
the Stock Option Plans or other Benefit Plan, except to the
extent necessary to comply with applicable law, (D) enter
into any severance or employment agreement with or for the
benefit of any person, or (E) increase the rate of
compensation under or otherwise change the terms of any existing
employment agreement;

(xii)       except
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
or to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law,
modify, or amend in any material respect, or renew, fail to
renew or terminate, any material contract or agreement to which
the Company or any subsidiary is a party or waive, release or
assign any material rights or claims;

(xiii)       change
fiscal years;

(xiv)       authorize,
recommend, propose or announce an intention to adopt a plan of
complete or partial liquidation or dissolution of the Company;

(xv)       enter
into any collective bargaining agreement;

(xvi)       engage
in any transaction with, or enter into any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with, directly or indirectly, any
of the Companys affiliates other than pursuant to such
agreements existing on the date hereof and disclosed on the
Company Disclosure Schedule;

(xvii)       enter
into any agreement which contains any provision or covenant
limiting or restricting the ability of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, or any of their respective affiliates, to sell any
products or services of or to any person, engage in any line of
business or compete with or to obtain products or services from
any person or limiting the ability of any person to provide
products or services to the Company or any of it subsidiaries or
their respective affiliates; or

(xviii)       authorize
any of, or commit or agree to take any of, the foregoing actions.

(b)       
Other
Actions
. The Company and Parent shall not, and shall not
permit any of their respective subsidiaries to, take any action
that would reasonably be expected to result in (i) any of
the representations and warranties of such party set forth in
this Agreement that are qualified as to materiality becoming
untrue or (ii) any of such representations and warranties
that are not so qualified becoming untrue in any material
respect.

A-18



SECTION
4.2       
No Inconsistent
Activities
.

(a)       In
light of the consideration given by the Board of Directors of
the Company prior to the execution of this Agreement to, among
other things, the transactions contemplated hereby, and in light
of the Companys representations contained in
Sections 3.1(j) and 3.1(v), the Company agrees that it
shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor
shall it authorize or permit any officer, director or employee
of, or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or
representative of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries to,
directly or indirectly, solicit or initiate, or encourage the
submission of, any Takeover Proposal (as defined below), or
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or
furnish to any person any information with respect to, or take
any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of
any proposal that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to
lead to, any Takeover Proposal; provided, however, that nothing
in this Section 4.2 shall prevent the Company or its Board
of Directors from (i) taking any non-appealable, final
action ordered to be taken by the Company or its subsidiaries by
any court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) furnishing
information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations
with, another person in connection with an unsolicited bona fide
Takeover Proposal by such person, if and only to the extent
that, in the case of clause (ii), (i) the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith, after
consultation with legal counsel and a financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation, that such action would
reasonably likely lead to a transaction that would provide
greater value to the holders of Company Common Stock than the
Merger (a 
Superior Proposal
) and that the
party making the proposal has demonstrated that the funds
necessary for its proposal are reasonably likely to be
available, (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in good faith, after consultation with its legal
counsel, that the failure to take such action would be
inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to the holders of Company
Common Stock under applicable law, and (iii) prior to
furnishing such information to, or entering into discussions or
negotiations with, such person or entity, the Board of Directors
receives from such person an executed confidentiality agreement
in form and substance similar to the Confidentiality Agreement
dated June 6, 2003 between the Company and Parent (the

Confidentiality Agreement
). For purposes of
this Agreement, Seidler shall be considered a financial advisor
of nationally recognized reputation.

(b)       The
Company shall notify Parent orally and in writing of any offers
or proposals with respect to a Takeover Proposal (including the
terms and conditions of such proposal, the identity of the
person or entity making it and all other information reasonably
requested by Parent), within 24 hours of the receipt
thereof by an officer or director of the Company or any
financial advisor to the Company, shall keep Parent informed of
the status and material details of any such offer or proposal
and answer Parents questions with respect thereto. For
purposes of this Agreement, 
Takeover Proposal

means any proposal (whether or not in writing and whether or not
delivered to the Companys stockholders generally) for a
merger, consolidation, purchase of assets (other than a purchase
of inventory in the ordinary course of business), tender offer
or other business combination involving the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or any proposal or offer to acquire in any
manner, directly or indirectly, a substantial equity interest
in, any voting securities of, or a substantial portion of the
assets of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries whose assets
constitute more than 15% of the combined assets of the Company
and its subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries shall directly or indirectly release any third
party from any confidentiality agreement relating to a Takeover
Proposal. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit the
Company from disclosing to its stockholders the statement
required by Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act with
respect to a Takeover Proposal by means of a tender offer or
from making any disclosure to its stockholders if, in the good
faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, after
consultation with legal counsel, failure to so disclose would be
a violation of its obligations under applicable law.

A-19



ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

SECTION
5.1       
Preparation of
the Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting
.

(a)       As
promptly as reasonably practicable after the execution of this
Agreement, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a
proxy statement relating to the meeting of the Companys
stockholders to be held to obtain the Stockholder Approval
(together with any amendments thereof or supplements thereto,
the 
Proxy Statement
). In connection with the
notice of the Companys stockholders meeting at which the
Merger is to be approved by the Companys stockholders, the
Company shall have complied with NRS 92A.410,
and thereafter, shall comply with all other applicable
provisions of NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500,
inclusive, regarding dissenters rights under Nevada law.
The Company shall obtain and furnish the information required to
be included in the Proxy Statement and shall respond promptly to
any comments made by the SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement
and cause the Proxy Statement and form of proxy to be mailed to
the Companys stockholders at the earliest practicable
date. Parent shall cooperate in the preparation of the Proxy
Statement and shall as soon as reasonably practicable after the
date hereof furnish the Company with all information for
inclusion in the Proxy Statement as the Company may reasonably
request. The Company agrees, as to information with respect to
the Company, its officers, directors, stockholders and
subsidiaries contained in the Proxy Statement, and Parent
agrees, as to information with respect to Parent and its
officers, directors, stockholders and subsidiaries contained in
the Proxy Statement, that such information, at the date the
Proxy Statement is mailed and (as amended or supplemented) at
the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting, will not be false
or misleading with respect to any material fact, or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. Parent and
its counsel shall be given the opportunity to review and comment
on the Proxy Statement and all amendments or supplements thereof
prior to their being filed with the SEC. The Company will advise
Parent, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time
when the Proxy Statement has been cleared by the SEC or any
request by the SEC for an amendment of the Proxy Statement or
comments from the SEC thereon and proposed responses thereto or
requests by the SEC for additional information. The Company, on
the one hand, and Parent, on the other hand, agree to promptly
correct any information provided by either of them for use in
the Proxy Statement, if any, if and to the extent that it shall
have become false or misleading, and the Company further agrees
to take all steps reasonably necessary to cause the Proxy
Statement as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and to use
its reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be
disseminated to the Companys stockholders, in each case,
as and to the extent required by applicable laws.

(b)     Parent agrees
promptly to advise the Company if at any time prior to the
Company Stockholders Meeting (as defined below) any
information provided by it in the Proxy Statement is or becomes
incorrect or incomplete in any material respect and to provide
the Company with the information needed to correct such
inaccuracy or omission. Parent will furnish the Company with
such supplemental information as may be necessary in order to
cause the Proxy Statement, insofar as it relates to Parent and
its subsidiaries, to comply with applicable law after the
mailing thereof to the stockholders of the Company.

(c)     The Company
agrees promptly to advise Parent if at any time prior to the
Company Stockholders Meeting (as defined below) any
information provided by it in the Proxy Statement is or becomes
incorrect or incomplete in any material respect.

(d)     As soon as
reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement, the
Company shall call and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the

Company Stockholders Meeting
), for the
purpose of obtaining the Stockholder Approval. Subject to the
fiduciary duties of its Board of Directors, applicable law and
the Companys Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, the
Company shall use its best efforts to solicit from its
stockholders proxies, and shall take all other action necessary
or advisable to secure the approval of stockholders required by
applicable law or otherwise to obtain the Stockholder

A-20



Approval, and through its Board of Directors,
shall recommend to its stockholders the obtaining of the
Stockholder Approval.

SECTION
5.2       
Access to
Information; Confidentiality
. The Company shall, and shall
cause its subsidiaries to, afford Parent, and the officers,
employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other
representatives of Parent, reasonable access during normal
business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time to
all their respective properties, books, contracts, commitments,
personnel and records and, during such period, (a) the
Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to,
furnish promptly to Parent, (i) a copy of each report,
schedule, registration statement and other document filed by it
during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal or
state securities laws and (ii) all other information
concerning its business, properties and personnel as Parent may
reasonably request, and (b) the Company shall permit
Parents officers and representatives to meet with the
officers of the Company responsible for the financial
statements, internal controls and disclosure controls and
procedures of the Company to discuss such matters as Parent may
deem reasonably necessary or appropriate for Parent to satisfy
its obligations under Sections 302 and 906 of SOX any rules
and regulations relating thereto. Except as required by law,
each of the Company and Parent will hold, and will cause its
respective officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial
advisers and other representatives and affiliates to hold, any
confidential information in accordance with the Confidentiality
Agreement.

SECTION
5.3       
Reasonable
Efforts; Notification
.

(a)       Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, each of the Company, Parent and Sub agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, including (i) the making of all
necessary filings with the Specified Agencies under the HSR Act
and the taking of such further commercially reasonable actions
as may required to obtain termination or expiration of the
waiting period (and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act,
(ii) the making of all necessary applications,
registrations and filings (including all filings with
Governmental Entities other than the Specified Agencies, if
any), (iii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or
nonactions, licenses, consents, approvals or waivers from
Governmental Entities and other third parties, (iv) the
execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary
to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to fully
carry out the purposes of, this Agreement and (v) the
defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, judicial
or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
including the using of all commercially reasonable efforts
necessary to lift, rescind or mitigate the effect of any
injunction or restraining order or other order adversely
affecting the ability of any party hereto to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. For purposes of this
Agreement, commercially reasonable efforts shall not
require Parent or Sub to take any actions in connection with any
competition laws (including the HSR Act) pursuant to this
Section 5.3(a) which would require Parent or Sub to agree
to, or proffer to, divest or hold separate any assets or any
portion of any business of Parent, Sub, the Company or any of
their respective Subsidiaries.

(b)       The
Company shall give prompt written notice to Parent, and Parent
shall give prompt written notice to the Company, of (i) any
representation or warranty made by it contained in this
Agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue or
inaccurate in any respect or any such representation or warranty
that is not so qualified becoming untrue or inaccurate in any
material respect, (ii) the failure by it to comply with or
satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or
agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this
Agreement or (iii) the occurrence of any change or event
having, or which insofar as can reasonably be foreseen to have,
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or Parent, as the case
may be; provided, however, that no such notification shall
(A) affect the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations
of the parties under this Agreement or (B) limit or
otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the party
receiving such notice.

SECTION
5.4       
Gaming
Approvals
.

A-21



(a)       Gaming
Approvals.

(i)       Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, each of the Company and Parent agrees to promptly
prepare and file all necessary documentation, to effect all
applications, notices, petitions and filings, to obtain as
promptly as practicable all permits, registrations, licenses,
findings of suitability, qualifications, consents, waivers,
variances, exemptions, orders, approvals and authorizations of
all Governmental Entities under Gaming Laws which are necessary
in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (whether required to be made or
obtained prior to or after the Effective Time) (all of the
foregoing, collectively 
Gaming Approvals
) and
to comply with the terms and conditions of all such Gaming
Approvals. Each of the Company and Parent shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to, and to cause their
respective officers, directors and affiliates to, file within
thirty days after the date hereof, and in all events shall file
within sixty days after the date hereof, all required initial
applications and documents in connection with obtaining the
Gaming Approvals and shall act reasonably and promptly
thereafter in responding to additional requests in connection
therewith. Parent and the Company shall have the right to review
in advance, and to the extent practicable, each will consult
with the other on, in each case subject to applicable laws
relating to the exchange of information, all the information
relating to the Company or Parent, as the case may be, and any
of their respective subsidiaries, directors, officers and
stockholders, which appear in any filing made with, or written
materials submitted to, any Governmental Entity in connection
with Gaming Approvals. The Company and Parent agree promptly to
advise each other upon receiving any communication from any
Governmental Entity which causes such party to believe that
there is a reasonable likelihood that any Gaming Approval
required from such Governmental Entity will not be obtained or
that the receipt of any such approval will be materially delayed.

(ii)       Nothing
in this Agreement shall obligate Parent to take any action which
would require the voluntary surrender, forfeiture or other
termination by Parent of a Gaming Approval then held by Parent
or any of its subsidiaries.

(b)       Denial
of License; Individuals. If any person shall become an
Ineligible Person prior to the Closing, then (i) the
Company shall use its best efforts to cause each Ineligible
Person to, immediately and permanently, resign from any
position, including as director or officer, in the Company and
each Ineligible Person shall have no further management role in
the Company, (ii) if required to do so by any Governmental
Entity as a condition to receipt of any Gaming Approval, the
Company shall use its best efforts to cause each Ineligible
Person to dispose of all of its securities or other ownership
interests in the Company, and (iii) the Company shall use
its best efforts to cause each Ineligible Person to, cooperate
with the Company, Parent and Sub in their efforts to obtain and
retain in full force and effect the Gaming Approval.

Ineligible Person
 shall mean any person who
owns any capital stock or other interest in the Company
(i) who is denied a Gaming Approval, disqualified from
eligibility for a Gaming Approval or found unsuitable by any
Governmental Entity before the Closing Date, (ii) whose
continued involvement in the business of the Company as an
employee, director, officer or otherwise, may, in Parents
reasonable opinion after consultation with counsel, have a
Material Adverse Effect on the likelihood that any Governmental
Entity will issue a Gaming Approval to the Company, the
Surviving Corporation, Sub or Parent or (iii) is expressly
precluded from having any continuing interest in the Company,
the Surviving Corporation, Sub or Parent in any Gaming Approval
granted by a Governmental Entity as a condition to the issuance
or continued validity of any Gaming Approval by any Governmental
Entity.

SECTION
5.5       
Stock Options
and Warrants
.

(a)       
Options
.
As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the
Board of Directors of the Company (or, if appropriate, any
committee administering the Stock Option Plans (as defined
below)) shall adopt such resolutions, obtain such consent, and
take such other actions as are required to adjust the terms of
all outstanding stock options to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock (
Stock Options
) heretofore
granted under any stock option or stock appreciation rights
plan, program or arrangement of the Company or under any stock
option award agreement, including, without

A-22



limitation, the Companys 1993 Stock Option
and Incentive Plan and 2002 Stock Incentive Plan (the

Stock Option Plans
) as is necessary to
provide: (i) that the holder of each Stock Option
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, which is
then exercisable or would, by the express terms of the
applicable Stock Option Plan or the individual agreement
evidencing such option, become exercisable upon the occurrence
of the Merger (the 
Vested Options
), shall
receive in settlement thereof, for each share of Company Common
Stock subject to such Vested Option, an amount in cash equal to
the Merger Consideration minus the per share exercise or
purchase price of such Vested Option as of the date hereof;
(ii) that the holder of each Stock Option outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, which is not then
exercisable and would not, by the express terms of the
applicable Stock Option Plan or the individual agreement
evidencing such option, become exercisable upon the occurrence
of the Merger (the 
Unvested Options
), shall
receive in settlement thereof, for each share of Company Common
Stock subject to such Unvested Option, the conditional right,
subject to the continued employment requirement described below
in this Section 5.5(a), to receive an amount in cash equal to
the Merger Consideration minus the per share exercise or
purchase price of such Unvested Option as of the date hereof;
(iii) that, except as expressly provided below in this
Section 5.5(a), no payment, pursuant to
Section 5.5(a)(ii) or otherwise, shall be made with respect
to an Unvested Option if the person who holds such Unvested
Option immediately prior to the Effective Time is not
continuously employed by the Parent, the Surviving Corporation
or one of their subsidiaries (a 
Parent
Entity
) through each applicable date that such
Unvested Option was otherwise scheduled to become exercisable
had the Merger not occurred; and (iv) that, at the
Effective Time, all outstanding Stock Options, including Vested
Options and Unvested Options, shall immediately terminate, and
there shall be substituted therefor the right to receive cash in
accordance with the terms of this Section 5.5(a), and
neither the Surviving Corporation nor Parent shall have any
further obligation with respect thereto other than as expressly
provided in this Section 5.5(a); provided, however, that
all amounts payable pursuant to this Section 5.5(a) shall
be subject to any required tax withholding. Payment of the
amount determined pursuant to Section 5.5(a)(i) with
respect to a Vested Option shall be made as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Effective Time. Payment of the amount
determined pursuant to Section 5.5(a)(ii) with respect to
an Unvested Option shall be made (without interest) not more
than thirty (30) days following each applicable date that
such Unvested Option would have otherwise become exercisable
assuming that the Merger had not occurred or, in the case of a
Parent Termination (as defined below), as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Parent Termination Date (as defined
below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the employment of a
holder of Unvested Options is terminated other than for Cause
(as defined below) by the Surviving Corporation prior to the
eighteenth month anniversary of the Effective Date and such
holder is not employed by any other Parent Entity (a

Parent Termination
 and the date of such
termination being the 
Parent Termination
Date
)), then, for purposes of this
Section 5.5(a), (i) if the option holder is subject to
a Parent Termination on or prior to the twelve month anniversary
of the Effective Date, all of the Unvested Options of such
holder shall be deemed vested as of the Parent Termination Date
and (ii) if the option holder is subject to a Parent
Termination after the twelve month anniversary of the Effective
Date but on or prior to the eighteenth month anniversary of the
Effective Date, all of the Unvested Options of such holder that
would have vested on April 1, 2005 had the Merger not
occurred shall be deemed vested as of the Parent Termination
Date. For purposes of this Section 5.5(a),

Cause
 means a determination by the applicable
Parent Entity that the holder has been dishonest, committed an
act of fraud or misconduct, engaged in an unauthorized use or
disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets, been
convicted of or confessed to committing a crime punishable by
law (other than minor traffic violations) or has continued to
fail or refuse to carry out the duties assigned to such holder,
and such failure or refusal has continued for 30 days after
written notice thereof to the holder.

(b)       
Warrants
.
As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the
Company shall mail a notice concerning the transactions
contemplated hereby to all holders of outstanding warrants to
purchase shares of Company Common Stock
(
Warrants
) as required pursuant to the terms
of such holders individual warrant agreements. In
addition, between the date hereof and the Effective Time the
Company shall comply with all other notice requirements of the
Warrants. At 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the day immediately
prior to the Effective Time, all outstanding Warrants shall
immediately

A-23



terminate, and neither the Surviving Corporation
nor Parent shall have any further obligations with respect
thereto.

SECTION 5.6       
Takeover
Statutes; Inconsistent Actions
. If any fair
price, moratorium, control share,
business combination, shareholder
protection or similar or other anti-takeover statute or
regulation enacted under any state or Federal law shall become
applicable to the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated hereby, the Company and the Board of Directors of
the Company shall grant such approvals and take all such actions
as are within its authority so that the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby may be consummated
as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and
thereby and otherwise use all commercially reasonable efforts to
eliminate the effects of such statute or regulation on the
Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The
Company has not and, during the term of this Agreement shall
not, adopt, effect or implement any shareholders
rights plan, poison pill or similar
arrangement.

SECTION 5.7       
Indemnification,
Exculpation and Insurance
.

(a)       The
articles of incorporation and the by-laws of the Surviving
Corporation shall contain the provisions with respect to
indemnification and exculpation from liability set forth in the
Companys articles of incorporation and by-laws on the date
of this Agreement, which provisions shall not be amended,
repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six years from
the Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the
rights thereunder of individuals who on or prior to the
Effective Time were directors, officers, employees or agents of
the Company, unless such modification is required by law.

(b)       For
six years from the Effective Time, Parent shall maintain in
effect directors and officers liability insurance
covering those persons who are currently covered by the
Companys directors and officers liability
insurance policy (a copy of which has been heretofore made
available to Parent) on terms no less favorable to such
indemnified parties than the terms of such current insurance
coverage; provided, however, that (i) in lieu of the
purchase of such insurance by the Surviving Corporation or
Parent, the Company, with Parents written consent, may
purchase a six-year extended reporting period endorsement
(reporting tail coverage) under its existing
directors and officers liability insurance coverage
and (ii) if the cost of such insurance in any year during
such six-year period shall exceed 150% of the premium cost for
such policy in effect during the year ended December 31,
2003 (the 
Maximum Premium
), then Parent shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to, and the Surviving
Corporation shall, provide coverage affording the same
protection as maintained by Parent as of such date for its
officers and directors. The Company represents to Parent that
the Maximum Premium is $335,000.

(c)       In
addition to the other rights provided for in this
Section 5.7, for six years after the Effective Time, Parent
hereby, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
guaranties for the benefit of the directors and officers of the
Company the indemnification obligations of the Surviving
Corporation after the Effective Time under its articles of
incorporation and by-laws. Parent unconditionally and
irrevocably waives any provision under applicable law that may
limit the enforceability of such guaranty. The directors and
officers of the Company shall be deemed third party
beneficiaries of this Section 5.7(c) and may seek to
enforce Parents obligations under this Section 5.7(c)
in the event the Surviving Corporation fails to pay when due any
indemnification obligations to such directors and officers.

(d)       The
obligations of the Company, the Surviving Corporation and Parent
contained in this Section 5.7 shall be binding on the
successors and assigns of Parent and the Surviving Corporation.
If Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their successors
or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation
or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers
all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any
person, then and in each such case, proper provisions shall be
made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the
Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall assume the
obligations set forth in this Section 5.7.

A-24



SECTION 5.8       
Fees
and Expenses
. Except as provided in Section 7.5,
whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
expenses.

SECTION 5.9       
Public
Announcements
. Parent and Sub, on the one hand, and the
Company, on the other hand, will consult with each other before
issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review and
comment upon, any press release or other public statements with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including the Merger, including without limitation those press
releases that may be required by applicable law, court process
or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any
national securities exchange.

SECTION 5.10       
Resignation
of Directors
. The Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause each of the directors of the Company and its
subsidiaries to resign their positions as such as of the
Effective Time.

SECTION 5.11       
Employee
Benefit Plans
. From and after the Effective Date, Parent
shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, provide the
employees of the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiary with
all employee benefit plans as are provided by Parent and its
subsidiaries to their own employees who are similarly situated.
The foregoing shall not constitute any commitment, contract,
understanding, undertaking, guarantee (express or implied) on
the part of the Surviving Corporation or Parent to continue the
employment of any employee of the Company for any period of time
or on any terms except as determined by the Surviving
Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION 6.1       
Conditions
to Each Partys Obligations to Effect the Merger
. The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing
Date of the following conditions:

(a)       
Stockholder
Approval
. The Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained.

(b)       
No
Injunctions or Restraints
. No litigation brought by a
Governmental Entity shall be pending, and no litigation shall be
threatened by any Governmental Entity, which seeks to enjoin or
prohibit the consummation of the Merger, and no temporary
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other
legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of
the Merger shall be in effect.

(c)       
HSR
Act
. The applicable waiting period (and any extension
thereof) under the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.

SECTION 6.2       
Additional
Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub
. The obligations
of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are also subject to the
following conditions:

(a)       
Representations
and Warranties
. Each of the representations and warranties
of the Company contained in this Agreement that is qualified by
materiality shall be true and correct at and as of the Closing
Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, and each of
such representations and warranties that is not so qualified
shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as of
the Closing Date as if made at and as of the Closing Date,
provided that those representations and warranties which address
matters only as of a particular date shall remain true and
correct at and as of such date. Parent shall have received a
certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company to such effect.

(b)       
Agreements
and Covenants
. The Company shall have performed or complied
in all material respects with all agreements and covenants
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by
it on or prior to the Closing Date. Parent shall have received a
certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company to that effect.

A-25



(c)       
Certificates
and Other Deliveries
. The Company shall have delivered, or
caused to be delivered, to Parent (i) a certificate of good
standing from the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada and
of comparable authority in other jurisdictions in which the
Company and its subsidiaries are incorporated or qualified to do
business stating that each is a validly existing corporation in
good standing; (ii) duly adopted resolutions of the Board
of Directors and stockholders of the Company approving the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
instruments contemplated hereby, certified by the Secretary of
the Company; and (iii) a true and complete copy of the
articles of incorporation or comparable governing instruments,
as amended, of the Company and its subsidiaries certified by the
Secretary of State of the state of incorporation or comparable
authority in other jurisdictions, and a true and complete copy
of the by-laws or comparable governing instruments, as amended,
of the Company and its subsidiaries certified by the Secretary
of the Company and its subsidiaries, as applicable.

(d)       
No
Material Adverse Change
. From and including the date hereof,
there shall not have occurred a Material Adverse Change with
respect to the Company.

(e)       
Consents
and Approvals
. Parent shall have received evidence, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that such licenses,
permits, consents, approvals, waivers, findings of suitability,
authorizations, qualifications and orders of, and declarations,
registrations and filings (including, without limitation, all
Gaming Approvals) (collectively, 
Consents and
Filings
) required to be made or obtained by the
Company or Parent from all Governmental Entities and parties to
loan or credit agreements, notes, mortgages, indentures, leases
or other contracts, agreements or instruments to which the
Company, Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries is a
party or by which the Company, Parent or any of their respective
subsidiaries or their respective assets are bound or affected,
as are required in connection with the Merger and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, have been
obtained or made, as applicable, by the Company or Parent, as
the case may be, without the imposition of any limitations,
prohibitions or requirements, and are in full force and effect,
other than those Consents and Filings (excluding Gaming
Approvals) which, if not obtained or made, would not, or such
limitations, prohibitions or requirements which would not have
or cause (i) a material adverse effect on the transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) a Material Adverse Effect on the
Surviving Corporation or Parent after the Effective Time, or
(iii) a Material Adverse Effect on the continuation of the
operations and business of the Company and its subsidiaries by
the Surviving Corporation after the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

(f)       
Employment
Matters
. Each of the CEO Amendment and the President/ COO
Agreement shall be in full force and effect as of the Effective
Time (except to the extent such agreements shall have been
terminated as a result of the death or disability of the
employees), and none of the CEO Employment Agreement, the
CEO Amendment or the President/ COO Agreement shall have
been amended after the date of this Agreement other than as
approved in writing by Parent.

SECTION 6.3       
Additional
Conditions to Obligations of the Company
. The obligations of
the Company to effect the Merger are also subject to the
following conditions:

(a)       
Representations
and Warranties
. Each of the representations and warranties
of Parent and Sub contained in this Agreement that is qualified
by materiality shall be true and correct at and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, and
each of such representations and warranties that is not so
qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects at
and as of the Closing Date as if made at and as of the Closing
Date, provided that those representations and warranties which
address matters only as of a particular date shall remain true
and correct at and as of such date. The Company shall have
received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of Parent to such effect.

(b)       
Agreements
and Covenants
. Parent shall have performed or complied in
all material respects with all agreements and covenants required
by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or
prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall have received a
certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of Parent to such effect.

A-26



(c)       
Certificates
and Other Deliveries
. Parent shall have delivered to the
Company (i) a certificate of existence from the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada stating that Parent is a validly
existing corporation together with a certificate of good
standing from the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
stating that Sub is a validly existing corporation in good
standing; (ii) duly adopted resolutions of the Board of
Directors of each of Parent and Sub approving the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the instruments
contemplated hereby, and of the stockholders of Sub approving
the Merger, each certified by the Secretary or the Assistant
Secretary of the relevant party; and (iii) a true and
complete copy of the articles of incorporation, as amended, of
Parent and Sub certified by the Secretary of State of the state
of each of their incorporation, and a true and complete copy of
the by-laws, as amended, of Parent and Sub certified by the
Secretary or Assistant Secretary of Parent and Sub, as
applicable.

(d)       
Consents
and Approvals
. The Company shall have received evidence, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that all
Consents and Filings required to be obtained by the Company from
all Governmental Entities, as are required in connection with
the Merger and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, have been obtained by the Company, and are in full force
and effect.

ARTICLE VII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 7.1       
Termination
.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, whether before or after approval by the
stockholders of the Company:

(a)       by
mutual written consent of Parent and the Company, if the Board
of Directors of each so determines by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the members of its entire Board of Directors;

(b)       by
Parent (provided that Parent is not then in material breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement
contained herein), upon a material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Company set
forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of
the Company shall have become untrue, in either case such that
the conditions set forth in Section 6.2(a) or
Section 6.2(b), as the case may be, would be incapable of
being satisfied by December 31, 2003;

(c)       by
the Company (provided that the Company is not then in material
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other
agreement contained herein), upon a material breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of
Parent or Sub set forth in this Agreement, or if any
representation or warranty of Parent or Sub shall have become
untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in
Section 6.3(a) or Section 6.3(b), as the case may be,
would be incapable of being satisfied by December 31, 2003;

(d)       by
either Parent or the Company if any Governmental Entity shall
have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action
permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the
consummation of the Merger and such order, decree or ruling or
other action shall have become final and nonappealable;

(e)       by
either Parent or the Company, if the Merger shall not have
occurred by December 31, 2003, unless the failure to
consummate the Merger is the result of a breach of covenant set
forth in this Agreement or a material breach of any
representation or warranty set forth in this Agreement by the
party seeking to terminate this Agreement;

(f)       by
either Parent or the Company, if any approval of the
stockholders of the Company required for the consummation of the
Merger shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to
obtain the required vote at a duly held meeting of the
Companys stockholders or at any adjournment or
postponement thereof;

A-27



(g)       by
Parent, if the Board of Directors of the Company
(i) withdraws or modifies adversely its recommendation of
the Merger following the receipt by the Company of a Takeover
Proposal, (ii) recommends a Takeover Proposal to Company
stockholders or (iii) fails to call or hold the Company
Stockholders Meeting by reason of the receipt by the
Company of a Takeover Proposal; or

(h)       by
the Company if, after receipt of a Superior Proposal and prior
to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Company
determines, in its good faith judgment and in the exercise of
its fiduciary duties, after consultation with legal counsel and,
as to financial matters, after consultation with an investment
banking firm of national reputation, that the failure to
terminate this Agreement and accept such Superior Proposal would
be inconsistent with the proper exercise of such fiduciary
duties; provided, however, that before the Company may terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this subsection 7.1(h), the
Company shall give notice to Parent of the proposed termination
under subsection 7.1(h) and Parent, within five (5)
business days of receipt of such notice, shall have the right,
in its sole discretion, to offer to amend this Agreement to
provide for terms substantially similar or superior to those of
the Superior Proposal and the Company shall negotiate in good
faith with Parent with respect to such proposed amendment;
provided, further, that if Parent and the Company are unable to
reach an agreement with respect to the Parents proposed
amendment within ten (10) days after such good faith
negotiations have commenced, the Company may terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this subsection 7.1(h).

SECTION 7.2       
Effect
of Termination
. In the event of termination of this
Agreement by either the Company or Parent as provided in
Section 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and
have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the part
of Parent, Sub or the Company or their respective officers or
directors, except as set forth in the last sentence of
Section 5.2, Section 5.8, Section 5.9,
Section 7.5 and Article VIII which shall survive
termination and except that such termination shall not relieve a
party from liability as a result of the willful breach by such
party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements set forth in this Agreement.

SECTION 7.3       
Amendment
.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before
or after approval hereof by the stockholders of the Company;
provided, however, that after such stockholder approval there
shall not be made any amendment that by law requires further
approval by the stockholders of the Company without the further
approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended
except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of
the parties.

SECTION 7.4       
Extension;
Waiver
. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties
may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained
in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this
Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso of
Section 7.3, waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the
part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid
only if set forth in an instrument in writing, signed on behalf
of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to
assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of those rights.

SECTION 7.5       
Termination
Fees
.

(a)       In
the event (i) Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.1(h) or (ii) Parent terminates this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.1(g) or Parent terminates this
Agreement as a result of the Companys willful and material
breach of Section 4.2, then the Company shall pay Parent an
amount equal to $3,900,000 (the 
Company Termination
Fee
), by wire transfer of immediately available funds
upon the occurrence of such event.

(b)       In
the event (i) Stockholder Approval is not received,
(ii) prior to the Company Stockholders Meeting there
shall have been a Takeover Proposal made (whether or not such
Takeover Proposal shall have been rejected or shall have been
withdrawn prior to the time of the Company Stockholders
Meeting) and (iii) within nine (9) months from the
termination of the Agreement, the Company shall have entered
into an agreement for, and within twelve (12) months from
such termination shall have consummated, a transaction
substantially in the form proposed in such Takeover Proposal with

A-28



the party that made such Takeover Proposal, then
the Company shall pay Parent an amount equal to the Company
Termination Fee by wire transfer of immediately available funds,
payable upon consummation of such transaction.

(c)       In
the event (i) Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.1(c) or (ii) Parent terminates this
Agreement and is at the time of such termination in material
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of
Parent or Sub set forth in this Agreement, then Parent shall pay
to the Company the amount of $3,900,000 (the 
Parent
Termination Fee
) by wire transfer of immediately
available funds upon the occurrence of such event. The parties
hereto acknowledge and agree in advance that the amount of the
Parent Termination Fee is a fair and equitable amount to
reimburse the Company for any damages which the parties estimate
may be sustained by the Company due to the termination of this
Agreement in the circumstances herein described, and that this
Section 7.5(c) shall constitute a liquidated damages
provision. The Parent Termination Fee shall be the
Companys sole remedy under this Agreement in the event of
the termination of this Agreement in the circumstances herein
described.

(d)       The
parties agree that the agreements contained in Section 7.5
are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. If any party fails to promptly pay to another party
any fee due under this Section 7.5, the first party shall
pay the costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses)
in connection with any action, including the filing of any
lawsuit or other legal action, taken to collect payment,
together with interest on the amount of any unpaid fee at the
publicly announced prime rate of Bank of America from the date
such fee was first due.

SECTION 7.6       
Procedure
for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver
. A
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, an
amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.3 or an
extension or waiver of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.4 shall, in order to be effective, require in the
case of Parent, Sub or the Company, action by its Board of
Directors, acting by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
members of the entire Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 8.1       
Nonsurvival
of Representations and Warranties
. None of the
representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive
the Effective Time.

SECTION 8.2       
Notices
.
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier
(providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):

(a)

if to Parent or Sub, to

International Game Technology

9295 Prototype Drive

Reno, Nevada 89510-0580

Facsimile:               775-448-0120

Attention:               Sara
Beth Brown, Esq.

with a copy to:

OMelveny & Myers LLP

114 Pacifica, Suite 100

Irvine, California 92618-3318

Facsimile:               949-737-2300

Attention:               J.
Jay Herron, Esq.

A-29



(b)

if to the Company, to:

Acres Gaming Incorporated

7115 Amigo, Suite 150

Las Vegas, Nevada 89119

Facsimile:               702-263-7595

Attention:               Floyd
W. Glisson

with a copy to:

Perkins Coie LLP

1211 S.W. Fifth Avenue

Portland, Oregon 92704

Facsimile:               503-727-2222

Attention:               Patrick
J. Simpson, Esq.

SECTION 8.3       
Definitions
.
For purposes of this Agreement:

(a)       An
affiliate of any person means another person that,
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such first person.

(b)       Gaming
Laws means any Federal, state, local, tribal or foreign
statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, permit, consent,
registration, qualification, finding of suitability, approval,
license, judgment, order, decree, injunction or other
authorization, including any condition of limitation placed
thereon, governing or relating to the current or contemplated
casino and gaming activities and operations of the Company or
Parent, as the case may be, or any of their respective
subsidiaries.

(c)       Knowledge
means a fact, event, circumstance or occurrence actually known
by any of the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief
Operating Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company or
Parent, as the case may be.

(d)       Material
Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect
means, when used in connection with the Company, the Surviving
Corporation or Parent, any change or effect (or any development
that is likely to result in any change or effect) that is or is
likely to be, individually or in the aggregate, materially
adverse to the business, assets, properties, financial condition
or results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole; excluding any such adverse change that is due
to events, occurrences, facts, conditions, changes, developments
or effects which (i) affect the economy, capital markets or
the gaming industry generally, (ii) result primarily from
entering into this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger
or announcement thereof or (iii) result from facts or
conditions that are disclosed in the SEC Documents or the
Company Disclosure Schedule.

(e)       person
means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture,
association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity;
and

(f)       a
subsidiary with respect to any person means
ownership directly or indirectly of an amount of the voting
securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership
interests of another person which is sufficient to elect at
least a majority of its board of directors or other governing
body or, if there are no such voting interests, more than 50% of
the equity interests.

SECTION 8.4       
Interpretation
.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section, Exhibit
or Schedule, such reference shall be to a Section of, or an
Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The  and headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Whenever the words include, includes and
including are used in this Agreement, they shall be
deemed to be followed by the words without
limitation.

A-30



SECTION 8.5       
Counterparts
.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all
of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been
signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.

SECTION 8.6       
Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries
. This Agreement and
the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement,
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject
matter of this Agreement and except for the provisions of
Article II and Sections 5.5 and 5.7 are not intended
to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any
rights or remedies hereunder.

SECTION 8.7       
Governing
Law
. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada,
regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under
applicable principles of conflict of laws thereof.

SECTION 8.8       
Assignment
.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or
in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties
without the prior written consent of the other parties. Subject
to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon,
inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and
their respective successors and assigns.

SECTION 8.9       
Enforcement
.
The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the
event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were
otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties
shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms
and provisions of this Agreement in any court of the United
States located in the State of Nevada or in Nevada state court,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity. In addition, each of the parties
hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the personal
jurisdiction of any federal court located in the State of Nevada
or any Nevada state court in the event any dispute arises out of
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or
defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for
leave from any such court and (c) agrees that it will not
bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other
than a federal or state court sitting in the State of Nevada.

[The remainder of this page intentionally left
blank]

A-31



IN WITNESS WHEREOF,

Parent, Sub and the Company have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized,
all as of the date first written above.

PAREN

T:

INTERNATIONAL GAME TECHNOLOGY,

    a Nevada corporation

By:

/s/ T.J. Matthews

Name:

T.J. Matthews

Its:

C.O.O.

SUB:

NWAC CORP.,

    a Nevada corporation

By:

/s/ T.J. Matthews

Name:

T.J. Matthews

Its:

President

THE COMPANY:

ACRES GAMING INCORPORATED,

    a Nevada corporation

By:

/s/ Floyd W. Glisson

Name:

Floyd W. Glisson

Its:

CEO

A-32



EXHIBIT A

FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT

VOTING AGREEMENT

June 29, 2003

International Game Technology

9295 Prototype Drive

Reno, Nevada 89510-0580

Re:

Agreement of Selected Stockholder Concerning
    Transfer and Voting of

Shares of Acres Gaming Incorporated

I understand that you and Acres Gaming
Incorporated (the Company), of which the undersigned
is a significant stockholder, are prepared to enter into an
agreement for the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary
(Sub) of you with and into the Company, but that you
have conditioned your willingness to proceed with such agreement
(the Agreement) upon your receipt from me of
assurances satisfactory to you of my support of and commitment
to the Merger. I am familiar with the Agreement and the terms
and conditions of the Merger. Terms used but not otherwise
defined herein shall have the same meanings as are given them in
the Agreement. In order to evidence such commitment and to
induce you to enter into the Agreement, I hereby represent and
warrant to you and agree with you as follows:

1. 
Voting; Irrevocable Proxy
. I will
vote or cause to be voted all shares of capital stock of the
Company owned of record or beneficially owned or held in any
capacity by me or under my control, by proxy or otherwise
(collectively, the Shares), in favor of the Merger
and other transactions provided for in or contemplated by the
Agreement and against any inconsistent proposals or
transactions. I hereby revoke any other proxy granted by me and
irrevocably appoint you as proxy for and on behalf of me to vote
(including, without limitation, the taking of action by written
consent) such Shares, for me and in my name, place and stead for
the matters and in the manner contemplated by this
Section 1. This proxy is coupled with an interest and is
irrevocable for the maximum period permitted under applicable
law.

2. 
Restriction on Transfer
. I will
not sell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of the
Shares or any interest therein (including the granting of a
proxy to any person) or agree to sell, transfer, pledge or
otherwise dispose of any of the Shares or any interest therein
prior to the Merger, without your express written consent. Any
transferee of the Shares must, as a condition to receipt of such
Shares, agree to bound by the terms hereof, in a form
satisfactory to you.

3. 
Effective Date; Succession; Remedies;
Termination
. Upon your acceptance and execution of the
Agreement, this letter agreement shall mutually bind and benefit
you and me, any of our heirs, successors and assigns and any of
your successors. You will not assign the benefit of this letter
agreement other than to a wholly owned subsidiary. I agree that
in light of the inadequacy of damages as a remedy, specific
performance shall be available to you, in addition to any other
remedies you may have for the violation of this letter
agreement. This letter agreement shall terminate on the earlier
of (a) December 31, 2003 and (b) termination of the
Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(h) of the
Agreement.

A-33



4. 
Nature of Holdings; Shares
. All
references herein to our holdings of the Shares shall be deemed
to include Shares held or controlled by the undersigned,
individually, jointly, or in any other capacity, and shall
extend to any securities issued to the undersigned in respect of
the Shares.

SELECTED STOCKHOLDER:

Floyd W. Glisson, individually and

as Trustee of the Glisson Family Trust

AGREED:

INTERNATIONAL GAME TECHNOLOGY,

a Nevada corporation

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

A-34



Appendix B

OPINION OF THE SEIDLER COMPANIES
INCORPORATED

June 29, 2003

The Board of Directors of

Acres Gaming Incorporated

7115 Amigo Street, Suite 150

Las Vegas, NV 89119

Dear Board Members:

We understand that Acres Gaming Incorporated
(Acres or the Company) has negotiated an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) dated
June 29, 2003 with International Gaming Technology and its
subsidiary (IGT or the Acquirer) in
which Acres would be merged with IGT and holders of Acres Common
Stock would receive cash of $11.50 per share (the Merger
Consideration). The Agreement describes in detail the
terms of the Merger.

You have requested our opinion (the
Opinion) with respect to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the Merger Consideration to the
stockholders of the Company. In connection with this Opinion, we
have made such reviews, analyses and inquiries, as we have
deemed necessary and appropriate under the circumstances. Among
other things, we have:

1.

reviewed and analyzed certain historical and
    projected financial information on Acres;

2.

discussed with Acres management the operations,
    financial condition, future prospects and business plans of the
    Company;

3.

reviewed the Agreement;

4.

reviewed certain publicly available information
    of companies and business combinations of companies engaged in
    the business we believe to be generally comparable to that of
    Acres (the Comparables); and

5.

conducted a series of financial analyses using
    valuation techniques typically employed to determine the
    fairness of a merger or acquisition.

Our engagement and the Opinion expressed herein
are for the benefit of the Board of Directors of Acres (the
Board), and our Opinion is rendered in connection
with the Boards consideration of the Merger. This Opinion
may not be used for any other purpose, nor may it be reproduced,
disseminated, quoted or referred to at any time, in whole or in
part, in any manner or for any purpose, without our prior
written consent; provided, however, that this Opinion and a
description of the underlying analyses may be included in a
proxy statement distributed to the Companys stockholders,
in conjunction with the Merger, provided that any such inclusion
or description shall be subject to our prior review and
approval. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Opinion is not
intended and does not constitute a recommendation to any Acres
stockholder as to whether such stockholder should vote to
approve the Merger.

We have not independently verified the accuracy
and completeness of the information supplied to us with respect
to the Company and do not assume any responsibility with respect
to it. We have relied upon and assumed, without independent
verification, that the financial information publicly available
or privately provided to us has been reasonably prepared and
reflects the best currently available estimates of the assets,
financial condition, business and prospects of the Company, and
that there has been no material change in the assets, financial
condition, business or prospects of the Company since the date
of the most recent financial data made available to us. We have
not made any physical inspection or independent appraisal of any
of the properties or assets of the Company. In arriving at our
Opinion, we have not performed any appraisals or valuations of
specific assets or liabilities of the Company and have not been
furnished with any such appraisals or valuations, and express no
opinion regarding the liquidation value of the Company.

B-1



We have assumed that the Merger would be
completed in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.

Our opinion is necessarily based on business,
economic, market and other conditions as they exist and can be
evaluated by us at the date of this letter. Events occurring
after the date hereof could materially affect the assumptions
used in preparing this Opinion, however, we do not have any
obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this Opinion. We were
not requested to opine as to, and this Opinion does not in any
manner address, the Companys underlying decision to
proceed with the Merger.

We are an investment banking firm, a member of
the New York Stock Exchange, which has been in the business of
assisting companies, including rendering opinions as to the
fairness of business combinations, since 1969. For our services
in rendering this Opinion, the Company will pay us a fee and
indemnify us against certain liabilities. No portion of our fee
is conditioned upon our Opinion or upon the completion of the
Merger. We have, in the past, provided financial advisory
services to the Company and have received fees and other
compensation for rendering such services.

Based upon, and subject to the foregoing, it is
our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Merger
Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
stockholders of the Company.

Very truly yours,

THE SEIDLER COMPANIES INCORPORATED

By: 

/s/ Dennis McCarthy

Dennis McCarthy

Managing Director

Investment Banking

B-2



Appendix C

FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT

VOTING AGREEMENT

June 29, 2003

International Game Technology

9295 Prototype Drive

Reno, Nevada 89510-0580

Re:

Agreement of Selected Stockholder Concerning
    Transfer and Voting of

Shares of Acres Gaming Incorporated

I understand that you and Acres Gaming
Incorporated (the Company), of which the undersigned
is a significant stockholder, are prepared to enter into an
agreement for the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary
(Sub) of you with and into the Company, but that you
have conditioned your willingness to proceed with such agreement
(the Agreement) upon your receipt from me of
assurances satisfactory to you of my support of and commitment
to the Merger. I am familiar with the Agreement and the terms
and conditions of the Merger. Terms used but not otherwise
defined herein shall have the same meanings as are given them in
the Agreement. In order to evidence such commitment and to
induce you to enter into the Agreement, I hereby represent and
warrant to you and agree with you as follows:

1. 
Voting; Irrevocable Proxy
. I will
vote or cause to be voted all shares of capital stock of the
Company owned of record or beneficially owned or held in any
capacity by me or under my control, by proxy or otherwise
(collectively, the Shares), in favor of the Merger
and other transactions provided for in or contemplated by the
Agreement and against any inconsistent proposals or
transactions. I hereby revoke any other proxy granted by me and
irrevocably appoint you as proxy for and on behalf of me to vote
(including, without limitation, the taking of action by written
consent) such Shares, for me and in my name, place and stead for
the matters and in the manner contemplated by this
Section 1. This proxy is coupled with an interest and is
irrevocable for the maximum period permitted under applicable
law.

2. 
Restriction on Transfer
. I will
not sell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of the
Shares or any interest therein (including the granting of a
proxy to any person) or agree to sell, transfer, pledge or
otherwise dispose of any of the Shares or any interest therein
prior to the Merger, without your express written consent. Any
transferee of the Shares must, as a condition to receipt of such
Shares, agree to bound by the terms hereof, in a form
satisfactory to you.

3. 
Effective Date; Succession; Remedies;
Termination
. Upon your acceptance and execution of the
Agreement, this letter agreement shall mutually bind and benefit
you and me, any of our heirs, successors and assigns and any of
your successors. You will not assign the benefit of this letter
agreement other than to a wholly owned subsidiary. I agree that
in light of the inadequacy of damages as a remedy, specific
performance shall be available to you, in addition to any other
remedies you may have for the violation of this letter
agreement. This letter agreement shall terminate on the earlier
of (a) December 31, 2003 and (b) termination of
the Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(h) of
the Agreement.

C-1



4. 
Nature of Holdings; Shares
. All
references herein to our holdings of the Shares shall be deemed
to include Shares held or controlled by the undersigned,
individually, jointly, or in any other capacity, and shall
extend to any securities issued to the undersigned in respect of
the Shares.

SELECTED STOCKHOLDER:

/s/ Floyd W. Glisson

Floyd W. Glisson, individually and as

Trustee of the Glisson Family Trust

AGREED:

INTERNATIONAL GAME TECHNOLOGY,

a Nevada corporation

By:

/s/ T.J. Matthews

Name:

T.J. Matthews

Its:

C.O.O.

C-2



Appendix D

NEVADA DISSENTERS RIGHTS
STATUTE

RIGHTS OF DISSENTING OWNERS

NRS
92A.300     Definitions.

As used in NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive, unless the context
otherwise requires, the words and terms defined in NRS 92A.305
to 92A.335, inclusive, have the meanings ascribed to them in
those sections.

NRS
92A.305     Beneficial
stockholder defined.

Beneficial stockholder means a person who is a
beneficial owner of shares held in a voting trust or by a
nominee as the stockholder of record.

NRS
92A.310     Corporate
action defined.
 Corporate
action means the action of a domestic corporation.

NRS
92A.315     Dissenter
defined.
 Dissenter means a
stockholder who is entitled to dissent from a domestic
corporations action under NRS 92A.380 and who exercises
that right when and in the manner required by NRS 92A.400 to
92A.480, inclusive.

NRS
92A.320     Fair value
defined.
 Fair value, with
respect to a dissenters shares, means the value of the
shares immediately before the effectuation of the corporate
action to which he objects, excluding any appreciation or
depreciation in anticipation of the corporate action unless
exclusion would be inequitable.

NRS
92A.325     Stockholder
defined.
 Stockholder means
a stockholder of record or a beneficial stockholder of a
domestic corporation.

NRS
92A.330     Stockholder of
record defined.

Stockholder of record means the person in whose name
shares are registered in the records of a domestic corporation
or the beneficial owner of shares to the extent of the rights
granted by a nominees certificate on file with the
domestic corporation.

NRS
92A.335     Subject
corporation defined.

Subject corporation means the domestic corporation
which is the issuer of the shares held by a dissenter before the
corporate action creating the dissenters rights becomes
effective or the surviving or acquiring entity of that issuer
after the corporate action becomes effective.

NRS
92A.340     Computation of
interest.
 Interest payable pursuant to
NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive, must be computed from the
effective date of the action until the date of payment, at the
average rate currently paid by the entity on its principal bank
loans or, if it has no bank loans, at a rate that is fair and
equitable under all of the circumstances.

NRS
92A.350     Rights of dissenting
partner of domestic limited
partnership.
 A partnership agreement
of a domestic limited partnership or, unless otherwise provided
in the partnership agreement, an agreement of merger or
exchange, may provide that contractual rights with respect to
the partnership interest of a dissenting general or limited
partner of a domestic limited partnership are available for any
class or group of partnership interests in connection with any
merger or exchange in which the domestic limited partnership is
a constituent entity.

NRS
92A.360     Rights of dissenting member
of domestic limited-liability company.

The articles of organization or operating agreement of a
domestic limited-liability company or, unless otherwise provided
in the articles of organization or operating agreement, an
agreement of merger or exchange, may provide that contractual
rights with respect to the interest of a dissenting member are
available in connection with any merger or exchange in which the
domestic limited-liability company is a constituent entity.

D-1



NRS
92A.370     Rights of dissenting member
of domestic nonprofit corporation.

1.            Except
as otherwise provided in subsection 2, and unless otherwise
provided in the articles or bylaws, any member of any
constituent domestic nonprofit corporation who voted against the
merger may, without prior notice, but within 30 days after
the effective date of the merger, resign from membership and is
thereby excused from all contractual obligations to the
constituent or surviving corporations which did not occur before
his resignation and is thereby entitled to those rights, if any,
which would have existed if there had been no merger and the
membership had been terminated or the member had been expelled.

2.            Unless
otherwise provided in its articles of incorporation or bylaws,
no member of a domestic nonprofit corporation, including, but
not limited to, a cooperative corporation, which supplies
services described in chapter 704 of NRS to its members
only, and no person who is a member of a domestic nonprofit
corporation as a condition of or by reason of the ownership of
an interest in real property, may resign and dissent pursuant to
subsection 1.

NRS 92A.380     Right
of stockholder to dissent from certain corporate actions and to
obtain payment for shares.

1.            Except
as otherwise provided in NRS 92A.370 and 92A.390, a
stockholder is entitled to dissent from, and obtain payment of
the fair value of his shares in the event of any of the
following corporate actions:

(a)       Consummation
of a plan of merger to which the domestic corporation is a
constituent entity:

(1)       If
approval by the stockholders is required for the merger by
NRS 92A.120 to 92A.160, inclusive, or the articles of
incorporation, regardless of whether the stockholder is entitled
to vote on the plan of merger; or

(2)       If
the domestic corporation is a subsidiary and is merged with its
parent pursuant to NRS 92A.180.

(b)       Consummation
of a plan of exchange to which the domestic corporation is a
constituent entity as the corporation whose subject owners
interests will be acquired, if his shares are to be acquired in
the plan of exchange.

(c)       Any
corporate action taken pursuant to a vote of the stockholders to
the event that the articles of incorporation, bylaws or a
resolution of the board of directors provides that voting or
nonvoting stockholders are entitled to dissent and obtain
payment for their shares.

2.            A
stockholder who is entitled to dissent and obtain payment
pursuant to NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive, may not
challenge the corporate action creating his entitlement unless
the action is unlawful or fraudulent with respect to him or the
domestic corporation.

NRS 92A.390     Limitations
on right of dissent: Stockholders of certain classes or series;
action of stockholders not required for plan of
merger.

1.            There
is no right of dissent with respect to a plan of merger or
exchange in favor of stockholders of any class or series which,
at the record date fixed to determine the stockholders entitled
to receive notice of and to vote at the meeting at which the
plan of merger or exchange is to be acted on,

D-2



were either listed on a national securities
exchange, included in the national market system by the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., or held by at least
2,000 stockholders of record, unless:

(a)       The
articles of incorporation of the corporation issuing the shares
provide otherwise; or

(b)       The
holders of the class or series are required under the plan of
merger or exchange to accept for the shares anything except:

(1)       Cash,
owners interests or owners interests and cash in
lieu of fractional owners interests of:

(I)       The
surviving or acquiring entity; or

(II)       Any
other entity which, at the effective date of the plan of merger
or exchange, were either listed on a national securities
exchange, included in the national market system by the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., or held of record by a
least 2,000 holders of owners interests of record; or

(2)       A
combination of cash and owners interests of the kind
described in sub-subparagraphs (I) and (II) of
subparagraph (1) of paragraph (b).

2.       There
is no right of dissent for any holders of stock of the surviving
domestic corporation if the plan of merger does not require
action of the stockholders of the surviving domestic corporation
under NRS 92A.130.

NRS
92A.400     Limitations on right of
dissent: Assertion as to portions only to shares registered to
stockholder; assertion by beneficial stockholder.

1.            A
stockholder of record may assert dissenters rights as to
fewer than all of the shares registered in his name only if he
dissents with respect to all shares beneficially owned by any
one person and notifies the subject corporation in writing of
the name and address of each person on whose behalf he asserts
dissenters rights. The rights of a partial dissenter under
this subsection are determined as if the shares as to which he
dissents and his other shares were registered in the names of
different stockholders.

2.            A
beneficial stockholder may assert dissenters rights as to
shares held on his behalf only if:

(a)       He
submits to the subject corporation the written consent of the
stockholder of record to the dissent not later than the time the
beneficial stockholder asserts dissenters rights; and

(b)       He
does so with respect to all shares of which he is the beneficial
stockholder or over which he has power to direct the vote.

NRS
92A.410     Notification of
stockholders regarding right of dissent.

1.            If
a proposed corporate action creating dissenters rights is
submitted to a vote at a stockholders meeting, the notice
of the meeting must state that stockholders are or may be
entitled to assert dissenters rights under
NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive, and be accompanied by a
copy of those sections.

2.            If
the corporate action creating dissenters rights is taken
by written consent of the stockholders or without a vote of the
stockholders, the domestic corporation shall notify in writing
all stockholders entitled to assert dissenters rights that
the action was taken and send them the dissenters notice
described in NRS 92A.430.

NRS
92A.420     Prerequisites to demand for
payment for shares.

1.            If
a proposed corporate action creating dissenters rights is
submitted to a vote at a stockholders meeting, a
stockholder who wishes to assert dissenters rights:

(a)       Must
deliver to the subject corporation, before the vote is taken,
written notice of his intent to demand payment for his shares if
the proposed action is effectuated; and

D-3



(b)       Must
not vote his shares in favor of the proposed action.

2.            A
stockholder who does not satisfy the requirements of subsection
1 and NRS 92A.400 is not entitled to payment for his shares
under this chapter.

NRS
92A.430     Dissenters notice:
Delivery to stockholders entitled to assert rights;
contents.

1.            If
a proposed corporate action creating dissenters rights is
authorized at a stockholders meeting, the subject
corporation shall deliver a written dissenters notice to
all stockholders who satisfied the requirements to assert those
rights.

2.            The
dissenters notice must be sent no later than 10 days
after the effectuation of the corporate action, and must:

(a)       State
where the demand for payment must be sent and where and when
certificates, if any, for shares must be deposited;

(b)       Inform
the holders of shares not represented by certificates to what
extent the transfer of the shares will be restricted after the
demand for payment is received;

(c)       Supply
a form for demanding payment that includes the date of the first
announcement to the news media or to the stockholders of the
terms of the proposed action and requires that the person
asserting dissenters rights certify whether or not he
acquired beneficial ownership of the shares before that date;

(d)       Set
a date by which the subject corporation must receive the demand
for payment, which may not be less than 30 nor more than
60 days after the date the notice is delivered; and

(e)       Be
accompanied by a copy of NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive.

NRS
92A.440     Demand for payment and
deposit of certificates; retention of rights of
stockholder.

1.            A
stockholder to whom a dissenters notice is sent must:

(a)       Demand
payment;

(b)       Certify
whether he acquired beneficial ownership of the shares before
the date required to be set forth in the dissenters notice
for this certification; and

(c)       Deposit
his certificates, if any, in accordance with the terms of the
notice.

2.            The
stockholder who demands payment and deposits his certificates,
if any, before the proposed corporate action is taken retains
all other rights of a stockholder until those rights are
canceled or modified by the taking of the proposed corporate
action.

3.            The
stockholder who does not demand payment or deposit his
certificates where required, each by the date set forth in the
dissenters notice, is not entitled to payment for his
shares under this chapter.

NRS
92A.450     Uncertificated shares:
Authority to restrict transfer after demand for payment;
retention of rights of stockholder
.

1.            The
subject corporation may restrict the transfer of shares not
represented by a certificate from the date the demand for their
payment is received.

2.            The
person for whom dissenters rights are asserted as to
shares not represented by a certificate retains all other rights
of a stockholder until those rights are canceled or modified by
the taking of the proposed corporate action.

NRS
92A.460     Payment for shares: General
requirements.

1.            Except
as otherwise provided in NRS 92A.470, within 30 days
after receipt of a demand for payment, the subject corporation
shall pay each dissenter who complied with NRS 92A.440 the
amount

D-4



the subject corporation estimates to be the fair
value of his shares, plus accrued interest. The obligation of
the subject corporation under this subsection may be enforced by
the district court:

(a)       Of
the county where the corporations registered office is
located; or

(b)       At
the election of any dissenter residing or having its registered
office in this state, of the county where the dissenter resides
or has its registered office. The court shall dispose of the
complaint promptly.

2.            The
payment must be accompanied by:

(a)       The
subject corporations balance sheet as of the end of a
fiscal year ending not more than 16 months before the date
of payment, a statement of income for that year, a statement of
changes in the stockholders equity for that year and the
latest available interim financial statements, if any;

(b)       A
statement of the subject corporations estimate of the fair
value of the shares;

(c)       An
explanation of how the interest was calculated;

(d)       A
statement of the dissenters rights to demand payment under
NRS 92A.480; and

(e)       A
copy of NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive.

NRS
92A.470     Payment for shares: Shares
acquired on or after date of dissenters notice.

1.            A
subject corporation may elect to withhold payment from a
dissenter unless he was the beneficial owner of the shares
before the date set forth in the dissenters notice as the
date of the first announcement to the news media or to the
stockholders of the terms of the proposed action.

2.            To
the extent the subject corporation elects to withhold payment,
after taking the proposed action, it shall estimate the fair
value of the shares, plus accrued interest, and shall offer to
pay this amount to each dissenter who agrees to accept it in
full satisfaction of his demand. The subject corporation shall
send with its offer a statement of its estimate of the fair
value of the shares, an explanation of how the interest was
calculated, and a statement of the dissenters right to
demand payment pursuant to NRS 92A.480.

NRS
92A.480     Dissenters estimate
of fair value: Notification of subject corporation; demand for
payment of estimate
.

1.            A
dissenter may notify the subject corporation in writing of his
own estimate of the fair value of his shares and the amount of
interest due, and demand payment of his estimate, less any
payment pursuant to NRS 92A.460, or reject the offer
pursuant to NRS 92A.470 and demand payment of the fair
value of his shares and interest due, if he believes that the
amount paid pursuant to NRS 92A.460 or offered pursuant to
NRS 92A.470 is less than the fair value of his shares or
that the interest due is incorrectly calculated.

2.            A
dissenter waives his right to demand payment pursuant to this
section unless he notifies the subject corporation of his demand
in writing within 30 days after the subject corporation made or
offered payment for his shares.

NRS 92A.490     Legal
proceeding to determine fair value: Duties of subject
corporation; powers of court; rights of dissenter.

1.            If
a demand for payment remains unsettled, the subject corporation
shall commence a proceeding within 60 days after receiving
the demand and petition the court to determine the fair value of
the shares and accrued interest. If the subject corporation does
not commence the proceeding within the 60-day period, it shall
pay each dissenter whose demand remains unsettled the amount
demanded.

2.            A
subject corporation shall commence the proceeding in the
district court of the county where its registered office is
located. If the subject corporation is a foreign entity without
a resident agent in the

D-5



state, it shall commence the proceeding in the
county where the registered office of the domestic corporation
merged with or whose shares were acquired by the foreign entity
was located.

3.            The
subject corporation shall make all dissenters, whether or not
residents of Nevada, whose demands remain unsettled, parties to
the proceeding as in an action against their shares. All parties
must be served with a copy of the petition. Nonresidents may be
served by registered or certified mail or by publication as
provided by law.

4.            The
jurisdiction of the court in which the proceeding is commenced
under subsection 2 is plenary and exclusive. The court may
appoint one or more persons as appraisers to receive evidence
and recommend a decision on the question of fair value. The
appraisers have the powers described in the order appointing
them, or any amendment thereto. The dissenters are entitled to
the same discovery rights as parties in other civil proceedings.

5.            Each
dissenter who is made a party to the proceeding is entitled to a
judgment:

(a)       For
the amount, if any, by which the court finds the fair value of
his shares, plus interest, exceeds the amount paid by the
subject corporation; or

(b)       For
the fair value, plus accrued interest, of his after-acquired
shares for which the subject corporation elected to withhold
payment pursuant to NRS 92A.470.

NRS 92A.500     Legal
proceeding to determine fair value: Assessment of costs and
fees.

1.            The
court in a proceeding to determine fair value shall determine
all of the costs of the proceeding, including the reasonable
compensation and expenses of any appraisers appointed by the
court. The court shall assess the costs against the subject
corporation, except that the court may assess costs against all
or some of the dissenters, in amounts the court finds equitable,
to the extent the court finds the dissenters acted arbitrarily,
vexatiously or not in good faith in demanding payment.

2.            The
court may also assess the fees and expenses of the counsel and
experts for the respective parties, in amounts the court finds
equitable:

(a)       Against
the subject corporation and in favor of all dissenters if the
court finds the subject corporation did not substantially comply
with the requirements of NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive;
or

(b)       Against
either the subject corporation or a dissenter in favor of any
other party, if the court finds that the party against whom the
fees and expenses are assessed acted arbitrarily, vexatiously or
not in good faith with respect to the rights provided by
NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive.

3.            If
the court finds that the services of counsel for any dissenter
were of substantial benefit to other dissenters similarly
situated, and that the fees for those services should not be
assessed against the subject corporation, the court may award to
those counsel reasonable fees to be paid out of the amounts
awarded to the dissenters who were benefited.

4.            In
a proceeding commenced pursuant to NRS 92A.460, the court
may assess the costs against the subject corporation, except
that the court may assess costs against all or some of the
dissenters who are parties to the proceeding, in amounts the
court finds equitable, to the extent the court finds that such
parties did not act in good faith in instituting the proceeding.

5.            This
section does not preclude any party in a proceeding commenced
pursuant to NRS 92A.460 or 92A.490 from applying the
provisions of N.R.C.P. 68 or NRS 17.115.

D-6



PROXY FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS

TO BE
HELD                   ,

THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS

         The
undersigned hereby appoints Floyd W. Glisson and
Richard J. Schneider, and each of them, as Proxies, with
full power of substitution, and hereby authorizes them to
represent and to vote, as designated below, all the shares of
common stock of Acres Gaming Incorporated held of record by the
undersigned
on                   ,
2003, at the Special Meeting of Stockholders to be held
on                   ,
2003, or at any adjournment thereof.

THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE 
FOR
 THE AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER.

         1. 

Approval of the Agreement and Plan of
    Merger.

o

FOR

o

AGAINST

o

ABSTAIN

         In
their discretion, the Proxies are authorized to vote upon such
other business as may properly come before the meeting. This
proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner
directed herein by the undersigned. 
IF NO DIRECTION IS MADE,
THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER.

Please sign below exactly as your name appears on
    your stock certificate. When shares are held jointly, each
    person should sign. When signing as attorney, executor,
    administrator, trustee or guardian, please give full title as
    such. An authorized person should sign on behalf of
    corporations, partnerships and associations and give his or her
    title.

Dated: 

,

 __________________________________ 

 Signature

__________________________________ 

 Signature if held jointly

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PROMPT RETURN OF THIS
PROXY CARD WILL HELP SAVE THE EXPENSE OF ADDITIONAL SOLICITATION
EFFORTS.

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----