The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     On November 16, 2000, Mr. C.V. Prothro, age 58, the founder, chairman of
the board and chief executive officer of Dallas Semiconductor died suddenly. At
a meeting of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors on November 18, 2000, the
Interim Office of the Chief Executive was formed, with its members being the
non-employee directors of Dallas Semiconductor -- Richard L. King, M.D. Sampels
and Carmelo J. Santoro. The Interim Office of the Chief Executive was created to
seek out and evaluate all available alternatives to replace the leadership lost
as a result of Mr. Prothro's death.
While no determination had been made as to any specific alternative, on or
about November 20, 2000, Mr. Sampels, with the concurrence of the Dallas
Semiconductor board of directors, identified several semiconductor companies
with strong management and leadership that might be candidates for a strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor. The first call made by Mr.
Sampels was to Mr. Jack Gifford, the chairman of the board and chief executive
officer of Maxim. Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford determined that there might be
some interest on the part of both parties in exploring the possibility of a
strategic business combination. They scheduled a meeting at Maxim's offices for
December 7, 2000. Prior to the meeting, Mr. Sampels provided Mr. Gifford certain
background information regarding Dallas Semiconductor.

     On December 6, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone. Mr.
Gifford informed Maxim's board of directors of his discussions with Mr. Sampels
and reviewed the current status and the background of a possible strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor. Members of Maxim's senior
management provided an overview of Dallas Semiconductor's business, operations,
financial results, financial condition and prospects. Mr. Gifford advised
Maxim's board of directors that he would report further following a meeting with
Dallas Semiconductor representatives.

     On December 7, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Alan Hale, Dallas Semiconductor's
chief financial officer, met with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of
directors and senior management at Maxim's offices. A general discussion of the
semiconductor industry and of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim ensued. At the
conclusion of the meeting, both parties indicated further interest in exploring
the possibility of a strategic business combination and agreed to schedule a
follow-up meeting.
Mr. Sampels also received inquiries from other semiconductor companies.
These inquiries were reported to Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors and
Mr. Sampels, with the concurrence of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors,
followed up on these inquiries. From this time up to the execution of the
definitive merger agreement, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale met with certain of these
companies to discuss in general terms the possibility of a strategic business
combination with Dallas Semiconductor. Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors
was kept apprised of the nature of these discussions. These discussions,
however, remained general and exploratory in nature and definitive terms of a
possible transaction were not discussed.

     On December 8, 2000, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors met. The
current status of the company was discussed, and Mr. Sampels updated Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors on the discussions that had taken place with
Maxim and another potential candidate he had contacted, as well as interest
expressed by others in a possible strategic business combination. After
discussing the options and alternatives available to Dallas Semiconductor with
respect to its future management and direction, Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors unanimously authorized Mr. Sampels to proceed with discussions, which
thereafter included several telephone conversations between Mr. Sampels and Mr.
Gifford.

     On December 11, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone to
discuss the progress of Mr. Gifford's discussions with representatives of Dallas
Semiconductor. Mr. Gifford reported the results of those discussions and was
instructed by Maxim's board of directors to continue discussing the possibility
of a strategic business combination with Dallas Semiconductor.

     On December 14, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale met at the offices of Maxim
with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of directors and senior
management. The parties continued to discuss the relative merits of a strategic
business combination between Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim.

     On December 18, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale, together with Mr. Richard
King, a director of Dallas Semiconductor, met with representatives of Robertson
Stephens, Inc. The parties generally discussed valuations of companies in the
semiconductor industry and the potential engagement of Robertson Stephens to
render a fairness opinion.

     On December 18, 2000, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors met by
telephone. Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale updated Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors on the ongoing discussions with Maxim and on their meeting with
Robertson Stephens. Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors authorized Mr.
Sampels and Mr. Hale to continue their discussions with Maxim.

     On December 18, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone. Mr.
Gifford reported on developments regarding the possible strategic business
combination with Dallas Semiconductor. Maxim's board of directors and members of
Maxim's senior management discussed the business, operations, financial results,
financial condition and prospects of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim. Maxim's
board of directors instructed Mr. Gifford and Maxim's senior management to
continue discussions with Dallas Semiconductor.
On December 19, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale again met at the offices of
Maxim with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of directors and senior
management. Legal representatives of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor were also
present. At that meeting, various structures and exchange ratios for a possible
strategic business combination were discussed. The parties did not reach any
agreement on the possible terms of a transaction. Mr. Gifford instructed his
representatives and legal counsel to begin preliminary due diligence of Dallas
Semiconductor.

     Between December 19, 2000 and December 24, 2000, Mr. Sampels had numerous
conversations with Mr. Gifford and Mr. Kip Hagopian, a Maxim director,
concerning the potential terms of a strategic business combination of Maxim and
Dallas Semiconductor. During this period, both Maxim's board of directors and
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors were regularly kept apprised of the
discussions between the Maxim representatives and Dallas Semiconductor's legal
counsel. On December 24, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford reached a tentative
understanding as to the potential exchange ratio that they would find mutually
acceptable under which Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor might effect a strategic
business combination, subject to the approval of their respective boards of
directors. Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford instructed the representatives of Maxim
and respective legal counsel of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim to expand their
due diligence of the other party and commence the drafting of definitive
documentation.
At a meeting of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors held on December
27, 2000, Mr. Sampels explained in detail the tentative understanding reached
with Mr. Gifford. After discussion, the members of Dallas Semiconductor's board
of directors, each of whom had been in regular contact with Mr. Sampels
regarding the discussions with Maxim, indicated their belief that the proposed
transaction had the potential to bring to Dallas Semiconductor the required
leadership to maximize stockholder value and, therefore, was in the best
interests of Dallas Semiconductor and its stockholders. Accordingly, Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors authorized Mr. Sampels to proceed with the
negotiation and preparation of a definitive agreement documenting the proposed
transaction with Maxim, subject to further review and approval by Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors.

     On December 28, 2000, Maxim retained Thomas Weisel Partners to evaluate the
fairness, to Maxim's stockholders, of the terms of any proposed strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor.

     From December 27, 2000 through January 9, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor, Maxim
and their respective legal counsel met repeatedly to negotiate the terms of a
definitive agreement and perform due diligence of the other party. Due to market
conditions, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors, at a meeting held on
January 10, 2001, determined that it was not prepared to proceed with the
proposed strategic business combination at the proposed exchange ratio. Mr.
Sampels telephoned Mr. Gifford to convey the position of Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors. The parties terminated discussions at that time.
Over the next twelve days, the trading prices of Maxim's and Dallas
Semiconductor's common stock changed significantly. On January 22, 2001, Mr.
Sampels contacted Mr. Gifford and indicated Dallas Semiconductor's interest in
renewing discussions about a potential strategic business combination. Mr.
Gifford explained that Maxim remained interested in pursuing a transaction with
Dallas Semiconductor on the terms and at the exchange ratio previously
discussed, and negotiations between the parties recommenced.

     From January 23, 2001 through the execution of the definitive merger
agreement, Maxim and its legal counsel and Dallas Semiconductor and its legal
counsel continued their due diligence of each other, and met and participated by
telephone in a series of negotiations finalizing the terms of the merger
agreement, the stock option agreement and the related agreements. These
negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, which included, among other
items, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the restrictions
on the conduct of their businesses, the terms of the non-solicitation covenant,
the termination sections, the provisions regarding payment of the termination
fee and the consequences of termination and the operation of the stock option
agreement. On January 28, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor executed an engagement
letter with Robertson Stephens, engaging them for the purpose of evaluating the
fairness of the merger, from a financial point of view, to Dallas
Semiconductor's stockholders.
On January 28, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors held a
special meeting by telephone beginning at 4:00 p.m., Central Standard Time.
During the meeting, representatives of Jenkens & Gilchrist advised Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors regarding its fiduciary duties to the
stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor. Representatives of Jenkens & Gilchrist
reviewed and discussed with Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors the terms
of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the other related
agreements. Representatives of Robertson Stephens made a presentation to Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors regarding the financial analyses it had
performed with respect to Maxim, Dallas Semiconductor and the possible strategic
business combination. Following the presentation, Robertson Stephens rendered an
oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated as
of January 28, 2001, that the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement
was fair to the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor, from a financial point of
view. Following a continued discussion of the terms of the merger agreement, as
well as the board of directors' duties to the stockholders, Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors unanimously approved the final terms of the
merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the related agreements and
unanimously resolved to recommend that the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger.
On January 28, 2001, Maxim's board of directors met beginning at 3:00 p.m.,
Central Standard Time, in Dallas, Texas. At this meeting, a representative of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett discussed Maxim's board of directors' fiduciary
duties when considering the proposed strategic business combination and reviewed
the terms of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the related
agreements. Representatives of Thomas Weisel Partners presented to Maxim's board
of directors a summary of its financial analyses related to the proposed
transaction. Upon completing its deliberations, Maxim's board of directors, by
unanimous vote, approved the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and
the related agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements.

     The merger agreement and related transaction documents were signed on
January 28, 2001 and Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor jointly announced the merger
on January 29, 2001.

MAXIM'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Maxim believes that the merger will enable the combined company, with its
larger and more diversified portfolio of products and resources, to more
effectively compete and achieve a number of key strategic objectives. In
addition, Maxim believes that as a subsidiary of Maxim, Dallas Semiconductor has
the potential to achieve improved operating and financial results. In
particular:

     - Dallas Semiconductor brings to Maxim ten product lines that complement
       Maxim's. These new product lines will provide Maxim with additional
       market diversification and a new customer base, including that of mobile
       networking.

     - Dallas Semiconductor has a team of over 300 engineers who, Maxim
       believes, will increase in productivity as part of the Maxim team and
       will help further expand Maxim's product lines. It is anticipated that
       Dallas Semiconductor's rate of product development should also benefit
       from Maxim's proprietary methods and manufacturing techniques.

     - Maxim believes that Dallas Semiconductor will benefit in both the long
       and short term from Maxim's operating efficiencies, overseas
       manufacturing capacity, its worldwide sales and applications
       organizations and marketing capability, which should improve Dallas
       Semiconductor's financial performance and operating margins.

DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors has determined that the terms of
the merger agreement and the merger are fair to, and in the best interest of,
Dallas Semiconductor and its stockholders. Accordingly, Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger
and unanimously recommends that you vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger. In reaching its decision, Dallas Semiconductor's board
of directors identified several potential benefits of the merger, which include:

     - the potential for accelerated revenue growth resulting from combining the
       companies' diversified product portfolios;

     - the ability of Dallas Semiconductor, as part of Maxim, to increase
       distribution of its products by accessing Maxim's sales channels to reach
       Maxim's broader customer base;

     - Maxim's strong management, the complementary cultures of the two
       companies and Maxim's commitment to growing Dallas Semiconductor's
       business, all of which, when combined with the complementary nature of
       the two companies' product lines, provided the best strategic fit for
       Dallas Semiconductor;