The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
Background of the merger

   During the regular meeting of the board of directors of CMSI on June 7,
2000, and in executive sessions of the board of directors in June and July
2000, the board of directors discussed CMSI's options, both as an independent
company and as a party to a business combination transaction. At these
meetings, management made presentations to the board of directors concerning
stock valuations, balance sheet strategies and approaches to increasing
shareholder value and income. To better evaluate these options, the board of
directors authorized management to enter into an arrangement, at a time deemed
appropriate by management, with an investment banker to represent CMSI in
connection with a potential investment in, business combination with, or sale
of, CMSI or one of its subsidiaries.
In June and July 2000, certain third parties expressed interest in entering
into discussions with CMSI to regarding potential strategic partnerships,
strategic investments and/or business combinations. On August 4, 2000, CMSI
retained Chase Securities to contact companies that it believed might be
interested in a transaction with CMSI and that potentially offered a strategic
fit with the company. Chase Securities contacted 11 companies. As a result of
these contacts, two companies, exclusive of First American, expressed an
interest in a potential investment in, business combination with, or purchase

   In August and September 2000, the management of CMSI, and the board of
directors in executive sessions, considered competing offers by third parties
for the acquisition of CMSI's subsidiary CMSI Systems, Inc. Management and
Chase Securities continued discussions with those third parties.

   During the regular meeting of the board of directors on September 13, 2000,
the board discussed potential opportunities for the sale of CMSI or one of its
subsidiaries, including the ongoing discussions with certain third parties. The
board authorized management to continue to explore those opportunities with the
assistance of Chase Securities. Management continued the discussions and
evaluation of the opportunities.

   In September 2000, Chase Securities contacted First American on CMSI's
behalf. On October 24, 2000, representatives from First American and CMSI met
in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for discussions about the potential strategic
benefits of an acquisition of CMSI or one of its subsidiaries.

   During the regular meeting of the board of directors of CMSI on October 25,
2000, Chase Securities evaluated for the board various discussions that were
ongoing with respect to expressions of interest in an acquisition of CMSI or
one of CMSI's subsidiaries. The board of directors gave further guidance to
management and directed management to proceed with the ongoing discussions.

   On November 14, 2000, Scott Freiman, President and Chief Executive Officer
of CMSI, and other senior executives of CMSI traveled to First American's
headquarters in Santa Ana, California to meet with Parker Kennedy, President of
First American, and Don Robert, head of First American's consumer information
division. During the same time period, another company also expressed interest
in acquiring CMSI.

   On November 17, 2000, Parker Kennedy sent a formal letter of interest to
CMSI on behalf of First American requesting permission for First American to
visit the Maryland offices of CMSI and conduct preliminary due diligence. First
American conducted its preliminary on-site due diligence of CMSI between
November 28, 2000 and November 30, 2000.

   On December 1, 2000, Mr. Freiman and Mr. Robert held a telephone discussion
to discuss strategic benefits and valuation issues. On December 5, 2000, Mr.
Robert and Mr. Vollono met to further discuss the strategic benefits and
valuation issues with respect to the potential purchase by First American of
CMSI. At the conclusion of this meeting, First American orally proposed to
purchase CMSI.

   During the regular meeting of the board of directors of CMSI on December 7,
2000, senior management of CMSI and representatives of Chase Securities made
presentations to the board of directors relating to CMSI's future prospects as
an independent entity, a likely range of acquisition prices, the indication of
interest by First American in an acquisition of CMSI, and a comparison of the
First American proposal with the prior expressions of interest by other third
parties in the purchase of CMSI Systems, Inc, a subsidiary of CMSI. The board
determined that the First American indication of interest appeared to be the
most attractive based on the valuation range indicated by First American and
the strategic fit of the two companies. Based on this determination, the board
of directors authorized management to explore the sale of the company to
First American and to enter into a letter of intent, within certain guidelines,
subject to approval by the board of directors of any definitive agreement.

   During a regularly scheduled meeting of the board of directors of First
American on December 14, 2000, the board considered the proposed acquisition of
CMSI. The board authorized further negotiations by First American and approved
an offer to purchase all of the outstanding common stock of CMSI, subject to
certain price limitations and completion of due diligence inquiries.

   After CMSI's board of directors meeting on December 7, 2000 and First
American's board meeting on December 14, 2000, representatives of the parties
reached preliminary agreement on an exchange ratio for the merger, subject to,
among other things, the completion of due diligence, the negotiation of
definitive agreements and the final approval of their respective boards of
directors. On December 27, 2000, First American and CMSI executed a letter of
intent memorializing that preliminary agreement. At the same time, the legal
advisors of First American commenced drafting definitive documentation with
respect to a possible merger of the two companies.

   On January 12, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting, the board of
directors of First American approved the offer to purchase CMSI, including the
exchange ratio.

   During January 2001, First American and CMSI, together with their legal,
accounting and financial advisors, negotiated and finalized the terms of the
merger agreement and supporting documentation and completed due diligence
investigations. First American formed Rusti Corp. as a wholly-owned Delaware
corporation during this period as well.

   On January 22, 2001, CMSI learned from the Delaware Secretary of State that
its certificate of incorporation had become inoperative under Delaware law due
to CMSI's inclusion of the calculation used to determine its Delaware franchise
taxes for the 1998 tax year in a cover letter sent with its franchise tax
return for that year, rather than on the tax return form. CMSI successfully
took steps to "revive" its corporate charter, resulting in a certificate of
revival being issued on January 25, 2001. CMSI subsequently petitioned the
Delaware Secretary of State's office to withdraw its determination that CMSI's
certificate had become inoperative.

   On January 27, 2001, the CMSI board of directors held a special meeting to
consider the proposed merger. Senior management of CMSI reviewed with the board
of directors its discussions and negotiations with First American, as well as
the results of its due diligence investigation. Senior management of CMSI and

representatives of Chase Securities presented to the board of directors
financial information with respect to both First American and the potential
transaction. Chase Securities rendered its oral opinion (which was subsequently
confirmed in writing) that, as of that date, the exchange ratio set forth in
the merger agreement was fair to the CMSI stockholders from a financial point
of view. Representatives of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP and CMSI's general
counsel reviewed with the CMSI board of directors the terms of the merger
agreement and the legal standards applicable to the board's decision to approve
the agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The board was also
informed of the terms of agreements discussed under "Interests of certain
persons in the merger." After questions by and discussion among the members of
the CMSI board, and after consideration of the factors described under "The
Merger--Reasons for the merger and consideration of the merger by CMSI's board
of directors" and "--The CMSI board of directors recommends a vote for the
merger," the CMSI board voted unanimously to approve the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger.

   On January 30, 2001, First American, Rusti Corp. and CMSI executed the
merger agreement. Later that day, First American and CMSI issued a joint press
release announcing the proposed merger.

   On March 14, 2001, CMSI found out that its petition to have the Delaware
Secretary of State withdraw its determination that CMSI's certificate of
incorporation was inoperative had been denied. On March 15, 2001, CMSI
disclosed to First American the circumstances surrounding the revocation of its
charter and the outcome of its petition. At CMSI's request, First American
agreed to include the solicitation of proxies to elect directors as part of
this joint proxy statement-prospectus to assist CMSI in its efforts to comply
with the requirement under Delaware law that an election of directors be held
following the revival of the certificate of incorporation. First American and
CMSI entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger to add as
additional conditions precedent to First American's obligation to consummate
the merger that CMSI conduct an election of its directors by stockholders, and
that the newly constituted board ratify and approve all actions taken by CMSI
on or after January 25, 2001, including the merger and the merger agreement,
and the other the transactions contemplated thereby.

First American's reasons for the merger

   First American believes that the merger will:

  . provide its consumer information division a unique opportunity to expand
    its automotive and consumer lending credit reporting business;

  . provide First American with an opportunity to continue expanding the
    products and services offered by its consumer information segment by
    cross-marketing consumer information products to a nationwide customer
    base of automobile dealers and consumer lenders who use CMSI products;
    and

  . give First American what it believes is a state-of-the-art Internet-based
    software platform that would make First American an important provider of
    services to the automobile industry.

The CMSI board of directors recommends a vote "FOR" the merger

   At its meeting on January 27, 2001, the CMSI board of directors, by
unanimous vote, determined after careful consideration that the merger is in
the best interests of CMSI and you, CMSI's stockholders, and that the terms of
the merger agreement and the merger are fair to you. Accordingly, the CMSI
board of directors has approved the merger and recommends that you vote "FOR"
the adoption of the merger agreement

CMSI's reasons for the merger and consideration of the merger by CMSI's board
of directors

   The decision of the CMSI board of directors that the merger agreement and
the merger are advisable, and fair to and in the best interests of CMSI and
you, its stockholders, was based upon a number of potential

benefits of the merger that the CMSI board of directors believes will
contribute to the success of the combined company compared to CMSI continuing
to operate as an independent business, including the following:

  . the CMSI board's judgment that the two companies have significant
    complementary strengths and complementary products, services and
    solutions;


  . the potential that First American's larger market capitalization, broader
    suite of products and services, and historical revenue growth will
    provide CMSI with additional resources to grow and gain market share more
    rapidly than CMSI can grow as an independent company in the rapidly
    evolving Internet services market, which is characterized by the entrance
    of an increasing number of large, well capitalized and well known
    competitors;

  . that, based on the price of First American common shares at the time the
    merger agreement was approved by the CMSI board of directors, the value
    of the First American shares to be issued to CMSI stockholders in the
    merger represented a significant premium over the price of CMSI common
    stock then prevailing in the market, and the further opportunity for
    CMSI's stockholders to participate in the future growth in value of the
    combined company as shareholders of First American following the merger;

  . the greater liquidity afforded CMSI stockholders upon exchange of their
    shares of CMSI common stock for common shares of First American, whose
    shares trade in significantly higher volumes.

   In identifying these benefits and evaluating the merger, the CMSI board of
directors reviewed a number of factors and sources of information, including
the following: