The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Sensory Science Corp & SONICBlue Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Sensory Science has had discussions from time to time over the past several
years with various parties regarding the potential for entering into a strategic
business relationship with Sensory Science. As a part of this process, Sensory
Science and SONICblue had discussions on January 6, 2000. Kenneth Potashner,
Chief Executive Officer of SONICblue, and Andrew Wolfe, Chief Technology Officer
of SONICblue, met with Roger Hackett, Chief Executive Officer of Sensory
Science, and Edward Brachocki, Vice President of Business Development of Sensory
Science, at a trade show and discussed the companies' respective products and
business objectives.

     Executives of Sensory Science and SONICblue had various discussions from
January 2000 to June 2000 regarding a potential business relationship between
the companies. During that period, on February 3, 2000, Mr. Hackett reported at
a regular meeting of the Sensory Science board on the various contacts with
SONICblue and on other strategic initiatives that Sensory Science was pursuing
at that time. The board determined that, although it was interested in the
discussions with SONICblue and with others, the main priority was to pursue a
particular joint venture with another technology company.

     Throughout June 2000, Sensory Science also had several discussions with
Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co., Inc. On June 22, 2000, Sensory Science formally
engaged Gerard Klauer Mattison as its financial advisor in connection with the
various strategic initiatives it was pursuing.

     On June 30, 2000, there was a meeting between Mr. Hackett, Mr. Brachocki,
Thomas Linnen, Chief Financial Officer of Sensory Science, and Stephen Maine,
Vice President of Technology for Sensory Science, and Mr. Potashner and Janet
Leising, then Vice President of Business Development of SONICblue. SONICblue
indicated its interest in pursuing a consumer electronics products strategy and
indicated an interest in a business combination with Sensory Science.

     Between July and November of 2000, Gerard Klauer Mattison contacted
approximately 65 entities it considered to be possible strategic partners of
Sensory Science and engaged in further preliminary discussions with over 40
companies that had expressed an interest in a business combination with Sensory
Science, including SONICblue. Of these companies, 13, including SONICblue,
engaged in further discussions with Sensory Science. During this time period,
Gerard Klauer Mattison provided Sensory Science's senior management with
periodic updates as to the results of these discussions.

     Between July and September 2000, there were several due diligence meetings
at Sensory Science with interested parties. During this time Sensory Science met
with seven companies.

     On August 31, 2000 Sensory Science and SONICblue met at SONICblue's
headquarters. In attendance at that meeting were Mr. Hackett, Mr. Brachocki, Mr.
Linnen, special outside counsel for Sensory Science, representatives of Gerard
Klauer Mattison and Mr. Potashner, William McFarland, Interim Chief Financial
Officer of SONICblue, counsel to SONICblue and a representative of Lehman
Brothers, investment bankers for SONICblue. At the meeting, SONICblue indicated
that based on Sensory Science's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, it
would reevaluate its interest in pursuing a business combination with Sensory
Science.

     Throughout September, Gerard Klauer Mattison continued to contact parties
and engage in numerous discussions with various technology, media and other
consumer electronic products companies regarding the potential for a business
combination or other strategic initiative with Sensory Science. At the same

time, Mr. Brachocki and Mr. Maine continued to work with Ms. Leising of
SONICblue regarding the interplay of the technologies of SONICblue's frontpath
information appliance and Sensory Science's media appliance.

     On October 25, 2000, Mr. Potashner and Mr. Hackett discussed SONICblue's
potential acquisition of, or investment in, Sensory Science's media appliance
business. No terms were agreed upon during the discussions.

     In December 2000 and early January 2001, representatives of Sensory Science
and SONICblue discussed the possibility of a business combination between the
companies, and representatives of SONICblue presented initial terms upon which
SONICblue would be willing to consider a stock-for-stock merger between Sensory
Science and SONICblue.

     During the first two weeks of January 2001, SONICblue representatives met
with representatives of Sensory Science to commence a due diligence review.

     On January 19, 2001, Mr. Potashner contacted Mr. Hackett and indicated that
SONICblue would continue to pursue the acquisition of Sensory Science but that
its board would not approve the acquisition based on pricing terms initially
proposed in December and that SONICblue would work on an alternative pricing
proposal.

     On January 22, 2001, Mr. Potashner indicated that SONICblue would be
willing to pursue the acquisition of Sensory Science upon the exchange ratio
terms set forth in the merger agreement.

     On January 26, 2001, Mr. Hackett, Mr. Linnen, counsel for Sensory Science
and representatives of Gerard Klauer Mattison met at SONICblue's headquarters
with Mr. Potashner, Mr. Wolfe and counsel for SONICblue to negotiate the terms
upon which the parties would be willing to proceed with the negotiations of a
definitive merger agreement for a business combination. After discussions
regarding the terms, a letter of intent was negotiated and signed.

     On January 29, 2001, the Sensory Science board met at a special meeting to
discuss the transaction with SONICblue and to discuss alternatives to that
transaction. At that board meeting, Gerard Klauer Mattison presented its
preliminary findings regarding the fairness, from a financial point of view, of
the transaction and posed questions to and answered questions from Sensory
Science's board.

     On January 30, 2001, the board of directors of SONICblue approved the
merger, the merger agreement and the credit agreement.

     On January 31, 2001, representatives of Sensory Science and SONICblue and
their respective counsel had numerous discussions to negotiate the terms of a
definitive merger agreement.

     On January 31, 2001, the Sensory Science board again held a special meeting
to review the advisability of entering into the transaction with SONICblue. At
that meeting Gerard Klauer Mattison presented its opinion as to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of Sensory Science, reviewed
the assumptions on which it based its opinion, and posed and responded to the
board's questions regarding the transaction. After lengthy discussions regarding
various issues relating to the transaction, the board unanimously approved the
transaction and authorized Mr. Hackett to execute a merger agreement and related
transaction documents.

     The transaction documents were executed and their execution was announced
in a joint press release on February 1, 2001.

SENSORY SCIENCE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     At a meeting held on January 31, 2001, the Sensory Science board
unanimously approved the merger agreement, unanimously found the merger to be
fair to, advisable and in the best interests of its stockholders and unanimously
resolved to recommend that its stockholders adopt and approve the merger
agreement and the merger.


     In reaching its decision, the Sensory Science board consulted with its
senior management, and financial and legal advisors, and considered a number of
factors. In view of the complexity and wide variety of information and factors
considered by the board, the board did not find it practical to quantify, rank
or otherwise assign any relative or specific weights to the factors it
considered. In addition, the board did not reach any specific conclusion with
respect to each of the factors it considered, or any aspect of any particular
factors. Instead, the board conducted an overall analysis of the factors it
considered. In considering those factors, individual members of the board may
have given weight to different factors. The board considered all of those
factors as a whole and believed that those factors supported its decision.

     The Sensory Science board identified certain material benefits that it
expects will result from the merger as well as certain risks in connection with
the merger in addition to other merger considerations. Sensory Science's board
believes that the combination of the two companies will provide Sensory Science
with the necessary resources to continue its digital products strategy while
strengthening SONICblue's growing digital products portfolio and providing both
companies with new marketing and distribution opportunities. The Sensory Science
board determined that Sensory Science and SONICblue share a common vision of
convergence in the digital marketplace, and believes that this combination will
better enable Sensory Science to continue its mission of providing award-winning
digital products.
Recently, Sensory Science product sales have been declining, leading to a
deteriorating financial condition and negatively impacting the value of its
common stock. The Sensory Science board considered the merger in the context of
its anticipated operating expenses, the potential default situation under its
third-party secured lines of credit, and its other cash needs and liquidity
constraints, including its ability to secure alternative sources of financing
and Sensory Science's ability to purchase products for sale. The severity of its
current liquidity constraints only became evident in the month leading up to the
signing of the merger agreement due to a decline in sales and subsequent
problems with obtaining product for sale and declining margins on available
product sold to customers. Sensory Science's board believes that the merger
represents the only currently available transaction which will provide Sensory
Science the cash necessary to enable it to fund its ongoing operations, to avoid
foreclosure on its assets by existing creditors and to provide a reasonable
opportunity to enable it to achieve its strategic objectives.

     The Sensory Science board considered that should Sensory Science not
consummate the merger, Sensory Science might have been unable to secure
alternative financing in sufficient time to provide working capital to continue
operations and avoid actions that would severely impair its future prospects.
Sensory Science may also become increasingly unable to meet current obligations
with certain vendors to pay for products.

     The Sensory Science board believes that the financial resources and
management depth of the combined company could allow it to yield more continuing
value for its stockholders. In particular, the board believes that the combined
company will create a stronger, more competitive industry participant in the
industries in which Sensory Science competes, with enhanced prospects for
continued viability, by:
- expanding the combined company's product line to provide a strengthened
       technology portfolio of products, including converging Internet, digital
       audio and video, and other digital media and consumer device products;

     - allowing the combined company to leverage the complementary products,
       channels, partners, technology, logistics, critical skills, and
       manufacturing approaches of each company;

     - integrating technological and engineering resources and production
       experience to both accelerate product development and allow the combined
       company to respond more quickly and effectively to technological change,
       increased competition and customer demands;

     - providing Sensory Science with a materially stronger balance sheet and
       cash position than it has standing alone;

     - expanding the combined company's sales and distribution channels; and

     - creating significant opportunities for cost reduction through the
       integration of operations with SONICblue and the elimination of redundant
       overhead expenses and duplicative administrative functions.

     The Sensory Science board also considered the following factors supporting
the merger:

     - that the merger would create more value to the holders of Sensory Science
       common stock by providing the holders of Sensory Science common stock the
       opportunity to hold an investment in a larger enterprise with greater
       market capitalization and liquidity;

     - the expectation that the merger would allow Sensory Science the
       opportunity to participate in a higher growth segment space by allowing
       management to focus on emerging markets and technologies;

     - the ability to complete the merger as a reorganization for United States
       federal income tax purposes in which Sensory Science stockholders
       generally would not recognize any gain or loss, except for any gain or
       loss recognized in connection with cash received for fractional shares of
       SONICblue common stock; and

     - the board of directors' belief, and considering advice from counsel, that
       the parties should be able to consummate the merger, including satisfying
       the conditions to the merger requiring receipt of necessary regulatory
       approvals in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement.

     The Sensory Science board considered the following potentially negative
factors in its deliberations concerning the merger:

     - the risk that the merger might not be consummated and the effect of the
       public announcement of the merger on Sensory Science's sales, operating
       results and stock price and ability to attract and retain key management,
       sales and marketing and other employees;

     - the risk associated with fluctuations in Sensory Science and SONICblue
       stock prices prior to the closing of the merger such that the per share
       value of the consideration received by holders of Sensory Science common
       stock might be significantly less than the price per share implied by the
       exchange ratio immediately prior to the announcement of the merger;

     - the challenges of integrating the operations of Sensory Science and
       SONICblue;

     - the risk that the combined company may not be able to realize, fully or
       at all, the anticipated benefits of the merger;


     - the possibility that Sensory Science's stockholders may not approve the
       merger, or even if the merger is approved by Sensory Science's
       stockholders, it may not be completed;

     - the possibility that potential disruption to existing and prospective
       relationships could result from the announcement of the merger;

     - the risk that class action lawsuits against SONICblue could divert
       management's attention and resources;

     - the risk of an adverse impact on the financial results of SONICblue after
       the merger due to results of purchase accounting;

     - the risk of market confusion and potential delay or loss of orders;

     - the substantial charges to be incurred in connection with the merger,
       including transaction expenses, the costs of integrating the two
       businesses, and employee retention and severance costs;

     - the risk that the transaction would not be viewed by the IRS as meeting
       all requirements to qualify as a reorganization pursuant to which Sensory
       Science stockholders' receipt of SONICblue common stock would generally
       not be taxable;

     - the loss of control over Sensory Science's future operations following
       the merger; and

     - other applicable risks described in this proxy statement/prospectus under
       "Risk Factors" on page 13.

     In the course of its deliberations, the Sensory Science board also
considered the following additional factors, among others:



     - the opinion of Sensory Science's financial advisor, Gerard Klauer
       Mattison, that as of January 31, 2001, and based on and subject to the
       assumptions, considerations and limitations stated in the Gerard Klauer
       Mattison opinion, which is described in the section entitled "Opinion of
       Financial Advisor to Sensory Science" beginning on page 36, the exchange
       ratio to be offered to the holders of Sensory Science common stock in the
       merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Sensory Science
       stockholders;

     - the analysis presented by Sensory Science's financial advisors;

     - historical information concerning the business, operations, financial
       condition, results of operations, technology, management, competitive
       position, and prospects of Sensory Science as a stand-alone business,
       including results of operations during Sensory Science's most recent
       fiscal periods;

     - the current and historical economic and market condition and industry
       environment in the digital consumer products business, including market
       prices, volatility and trading data for Sensory Science's common stock;

     - the likely impact of the merger on Sensory Science's employees;

     - the terms of the merger agreement;

     - the expected accounting treatment of the merger;

     - the terms of the merger agreement regarding third party proposals,
       including Sensory Science's ability to terminate the merger agreement in
       order to accept a superior proposal and the potential payment to
       SONICblue of a termination fee;



     - the interests that certain of Sensory Science's executive officers and
       directors may have with respect to the merger in addition to their
       interests as holders of Sensory Science's common stock generally, as
       discussed in the section entitled "Interests of Certain Persons in the
       Merger" on page 45;

     - the impact of the merger on customers;

     - the results of Sensory Science's due diligence process; and

     - the fact that Sensory Science's stockholders will have an opportunity to
       vote on the proposed merger.

     The board concluded that the potential benefits of the merger to Sensory
Science's stockholders outweighed the potential risks and unanimously approved
the merger and the merger agreement.

     THE SENSORY SCIENCE BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED THE MERGER AND THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND BELIEVES THAT THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT ARE
ADVISABLE, FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTEREST OF SENSORY SCIENCE AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE SENSORY SCIENCE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT SENSORY
SCIENCE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
ON MAY 8, 2001, MR. WILLIAM WALKER, A SENSORY SCIENCE DIRECTOR, NOTIFIED SENSORY
SCIENCE THAT HE WAS NO LONGER WILLING TO MAKE A RECOMMENDATION ON THE MERGER,
BUT WILL DEFER TO THE DECISION OF THE SENSORY SCIENCE STOCKHOLDERS.

SONICBLUE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER