The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

   Phillips and Tosco have had a business relationship for a number of years,
as Phillips sells crude oil to Tosco's refineries. During the past few years,
Phillips has studied and reviewed a variety of strategic options with regard to
its RM&T business, including seeking a possible joint venture partner, because
Phillips believed that its RM&T business lacked the size and scale to compete
and grow. By late 2000, Phillips' management had begun to conclude that no
acceptable joint venture partner existed and that Phillips would be better
served to explore other options with regard to its RM&T business. Tosco had
made a number of acquisitions of RM&T assets over the past few years, but by
late 2000, Tosco's management had begun to conclude that it would be difficult
to continue to acquire quality RM&T assets in the United States as many, if not
most, of such assets were spoken for and that further growth would likely need
to come from outside the RM&T realm.
In late December 2000, Thomas D. O'Malley, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of Tosco, called James J. Mulva, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of Phillips. Mr. O'Malley stated that he was aware that
Phillips had been attempting to do a joint venture with its RM&T assets, which
had not been completed, and that Tosco might be interested in acquiring those
assets. They agreed to meet after the holidays. On January 3, 2001, Mr.
O'Malley and Mr. Mulva met in New York City and discussed the RM&T business and
strategic matters. Mr. O'Malley stated his belief that it would be more
difficult for Tosco to expand its domestic RM&T business and that Tosco might
need to integrate by acquiring E&P assets or aligning itself with a company
with such assets. Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley agreed that exploratory
discussions between the two companies regarding a combination might be
productive.

   On January 10, 2001, John E. Lowe, then Senior Vice President--Planning and
Strategic Transactions of Phillips, and Jefferson F. Allen, President and Chief
Financial Officer of Tosco, met in New York City and generally discussed the
respective assets, operations and historical financial results of the two
companies and the potential benefits of a combination between Phillips and
Tosco.

   On January 17, 2001, Mr. Lowe and Steve Percy, then Senior Vice President--
Refining, Marketing and Transportation of Phillips, met with Mr. Allen in New
York City and discussed Tosco's operations, prospects and potential synergies
and Phillips' existing RM&T assets.

   On January 19, 2001, Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley met in New York City to
discuss the possibility of a combination between Phillips and Tosco. Among the
matters discussed were the complementary operations of the two RM&T businesses,
the location of the headquarters of a combined RM&T business, Mr. O'Malley's
role in the management of a combined RM&T business and the possibility that Mr.
O'Malley might join the Phillips Board of Directors should a combination occur.
Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley agreed that none of these matters would be
controversial if an agreement on price could be reached. At this meeting, Mr.
Mulva indicated that Phillips would be willing to offer 0.74 of a share of
Phillips common stock for each share of Tosco common stock, subject to due
diligence, which he believed could be completed quickly (on January 18, 2001,
Phillips common stock closed at $55.125). Mr. O'Malley stated his belief that a
40% premium over Tosco's stock price of approximately $33.00 per share would be
fair and appropriate. No agreement on price was reached but Mr. Mulva and Mr.
O'Malley agreed to continue studying the matter and to meet again the following
week.

   Between January 19 and January 25, 2001, Mr. Mulva contacted each of the
members of the Phillips Board of Directors and briefed each of them on the
discussions with Tosco. Mr. O'Malley briefed all of the

members of the Tosco Board of Directors on the discussions with Phillips. The
entire Tosco Board of Directors met on January 25, 2001, and had extensive
discussions on the proposed transaction, including detailed discussions with
senior management of Tosco. The Tosco Board of Directors authorized Mr.
O'Malley to continue discussions with Phillips.

   On January 26, 2001, Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley met in Phoenix, Arizona and
further discussed a possible combination between Phillips and Tosco. Mr.
O'Malley requested an exchange ratio of 0.80 of a share of Phillips common
stock per share of Tosco common stock and this would be subject to a "collar"
based on Phillips stock price. Mr. Mulva stated that Phillips would be willing
to offer a fixed exchange ratio of 0.77 of a share of Phillips common stock for
each share of Tosco common stock. Mr. Mulva indicated that he would be willing
to ask Mr. O'Malley to join the Phillips Board of Directors after the merger
and to have the headquarters of the combined RM&T operations located in the
Phoenix area. Mr. O'Malley requested time to consider this proposal and agreed
to call Mr. Mulva on Monday, January 29th. Mr. O'Malley reviewed Phillips'
proposal with the Tosco directors and senior management. They determined that
Phillips' proposal was not sufficient.

   On January 29, 2001, Mr. O'Malley telephoned Mr. Mulva to advise him of
Tosco's position. Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Mulva agreed to pursue a transaction at
an exchange ratio of 0.80 of a share of Phillips stock per share of Tosco
common stock, subject to resolution of the collar issue, due diligence,
negotiation of a definitive agreement and approval of the Boards of Directors
of both companies. During the period from January 29, 2001 through February 3,
2001, Mr. Mulva and Mr. O'Malley had telephone conversations with the members
of the Phillips Board of Directors and the Tosco Board of Directors,
respectively, advising them of the status of the merger negotiations.
On January 30, 2001, Phillips' outside legal counsel sent a draft merger
agreement to Tosco's outside legal counsel. Phillips and Tosco and their
respective outside legal counsel began negotiating the agreement on February 1,
2001 and negotiations continued through February 3rd. From January 31 through
February 4, 2001, the parties conducted due diligence reviews of each other.
Tosco retained Merrill Lynch as its financial advisor, and Phillips retained
Morgan Stanley as its financial advisor. On February 2, 2001, Phillips and
Tosco entered into a formal written mutual confidentiality agreement in order
to facilitate the exchange of information in connection with their due
diligence. At these meetings, there were discussions regarding each company's
financial, accounting and tax issues, environmental issues, litigation,
employee benefits, and operations and management philosophies.

   On the evening of February 2, 2001, Mr. Mulva and Mr. Lowe met with Mr.
O'Malley and Mr. Allen in New York City to discuss the status of the
negotiations. Mr. O'Malley advised Mr. Mulva that he believed Tosco could
proceed without a collar, pending a final decision by the Tosco Board of
Directors.

   On the afternoon of February 3, 2001, the Phillips Board of Directors held a
special meeting by teleconference at which senior management and advisors of
Phillips reviewed their discussions and negotiations with Tosco regarding a
merger, as well as the results of their due diligence investigation of Tosco.
Senior management reviewed with the Phillips Board of Directors detailed
information with respect to Tosco, Phillips and the proposed transaction.
Morgan Stanley made a presentation to the Phillips Board of Directors about
financial matters with respect to the proposed transaction. Phillips' outside
legal counsel reviewed with the Phillips Board of Directors the terms of the
proposed merger agreement and employment letter with Mr. O'Malley and the
actions necessary to approve the transaction. The Phillips Board of Directors
unanimously resolved to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger,
subject to it being approved by the Tosco Board of Directors and to Phillips'
management's continued satisfaction with ongoing due diligence.

   On the afternoon of February 4, 2001, the Tosco Board of Directors held a
special meeting at which senior management and advisors of Tosco reviewed their
discussions and negotiations with Phillips regarding a merger, as well as the
results of their due diligence investigation of Phillips. Senior management and
Merrill Lynch reviewed with the Tosco Board of Directors detailed financial
information with respect to Phillips,
Tosco and the potential transaction. Tosco's outside legal counsel also
reviewed with the Tosco Board of Directors their obligations under Nevada law,
the terms of the proposed merger agreement and employment letter with Mr.
O'Malley and the actions necessary to approve the transaction. The Tosco Board
of Directors unanimously resolved to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
the merger.

   Thereafter, the merger agreement and employment letter were executed and the
transaction was publicly announced on the afternoon of February 4, 2001.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE PHILLIPS BOARD OF DIRECTORS; PHILLIPS' REASONS FOR THE
MERGER

   The Phillips Board of Directors believes that the merger is fair to and in
the best interests of Phillips and Phillips stockholders, has approved and
adopted the merger agreement and recommends that Phillips stockholders vote
"FOR" approval of the issuance of Phillips common stock in the merger.

   In reaching its decision, the Phillips Board of Directors consulted with
Phillips' management and its financial and legal advisors, and considered a
variety of factors, including the following material factors:

  .  Business, Operations and Financial Condition. The Phillips Board of
     Directors considered the current and historical financial condition and
     results of operations of both Phillips and Tosco and the assets,
     earnings and prospects of each company, including the results of
     Phillips' due diligence review. The Phillips Board of Directors reviewed
     the combined company's anticipated future financial performance. The
     Phillips Board of Directors considered the fact that the combined
     company would have a stronger balance sheet, improving its access to
     capital in the future. The Phillips Board of Directors also took into
     account the effects of a potential stock buyback by Phillips.
.  Strengthened Strategic Position. The Phillips Board of Directors
     considered that the merger would transform Phillips into a stronger
     major integrated oil company with the benefits of increased size and
     scale. The Phillips Board of Directors considered that the expanded size
     and financial strength of the combined company, together with its
     strengthened RM&T operations, would improve stability of the combined
     company's businesses and earnings in varying economic and market
     climates.

  .  Positioned for Further Growth. The Phillips Board of Directors believed
     that the merger would improve Phillips' positioning for further growth
     by creating a larger, stronger integrated oil company with greater
     financial capacity. The Phillips Board of Directors considered that the
     increased cash flow and access to capital resulting from the Tosco
     acquisition would allow Phillips to aggressively pursue other
     opportunities in the future, particularly with regard to acquisition of
     E&P assets. The combined company's ability to achieve these goals will
     depend on various factors, a number of which will be beyond its control,
     including economic conditions, commodity prices and unanticipated
     changes in business conditions, and, therefore, there can be no
     assurance that these results will be achieved. See "Cautionary Statement
     Concerning Forward-Looking Statements."
.  Alternatives with Respect to the RM&T Business. The Phillips Board of
     Directors reviewed other possible alternatives to the acquisition of
     Tosco, in particular the possibility of a joint venture of Phillips'
     RM&T business. The Phillips Board of Directors considered Phillips'
     management's belief that Phillips' current RM&T business lacked the
     size, scale and resources to compete and grow. The Phillips Board of
     Directors also considered the fact that prior attempts at a joint
     venture of Phillips' RM&T business had been unsuccessful and noted the
     difficulty of finding a suitable joint venture partner for the RM&T
     business. Past negotiations and discussions on a RM&T joint venture had
     not succeeded due primarily to disagreements with regard to problems
     with control over the joint venture, financial flexibility and the
     strategic vision for the joint venture. The Phillips Board of Directors
     noted that the acquisition of Tosco presented a unique opportunity to
     expand Phillips' RM&T business and give it the size and scale to
     effectively compete.

  .  Synergies. The Phillips Board of Directors reviewed the potential
     strategic and other benefits of the merger, including the complementary
     nature of the Tosco and Phillips' RM&T businesses and the

     opportunity for significant cost savings. The Phillips Board of Directors
     noted that, although no assurances can be given that any particular level
     of synergies will be achieved, Phillips' management had identified annual
     net pre-tax synergies of approximately $250 million, of which about one-
     half would be realized in fiscal year 2001 and the full amount in fiscal
     year 2002. The Phillips Board of Directors also considered that combining
     the complementary skills and assets of the two companies--combining Tosco's
     refining and convenience store experience and Phillips' branded wholesale
     skills, as well as applying Phillips' technology to Tosco's system--could
     result in additional synergistic benefits. See "--Management and Operations
     Following the Merger" and "Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
     Statements."

  .  Terms of the Merger Agreement. The Phillips Board of Directors, with the
     assistance of counsel, considered the general terms of the merger
     agreement:

    --Fixed Exchange Ratio. The Phillips Board of Directors considered the
      fact that the fixed exchange ratio provides certainty as to the
      number of shares of Phillips common stock to be issued to Tosco
      stockholders and the percentage of Phillips common stock that current
      Tosco stockholders will own after the merger. The Phillips Board of
      Directors also considered the premium that the exchange ratio
      implied.