The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between UTI Energy Corp & Patterson Energy Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     On January 19, 2001, Mr. Siegel called Mr. Talbott to inquire as to Mr.
Talbott's availability during the week of January 29 to discuss a possible
combination of Patterson and UTI. Mr. Talbott indicated that he would be
available that week.

     On January 26, 2001, the UTI board of directors held a telephonic meeting
at which Mr. Siegel advised the board that he had called Mr. Talbott to set up a
meeting. The UTI board discussed the desirability of a combination with
Patterson and unanimously endorsed Mr. Siegel's meeting with Mr. Talbott.

     On January 29, 2001, Mr. Siegel called Mr. Talbott and recommended that
they meet beginning on Thursday, February 1, 2001, and work continuously to see
if a combination between the two companies were possible. Mr. Talbott agreed to
meet on Thursday morning, February 1, 2001.

     On January 29, 2001, Mr. Talbott called a Patterson telephonic board
meeting to report that Mr. Siegel had contacted him and suggested that
negotiations begin regarding a possible merger of Patterson and UTI. The board
authorized Mr. Talbott to begin negotiations with Mr. Siegel and report back to
the board with results of the negotiations.

     On January 30 and 31, 2001, Messrs. Siegel and Talbott discussed certain
procedural matters by telephone.

     On February 1, 2001, Messrs. Siegel, Berns and Talbott met in the early
morning at a hotel in Dallas, Texas to discuss a possible merger of equals.
Messrs. Talbott, Siegel and Berns met continuously on February 1 and 2. After
extensive discussion, they agreed that a combination would be beneficial to each
of the companies and their stockholders and decided to apprise their respective
boards of the substance of their negotiations and their recommendation to move
forward toward negotiating a definitive merger agreement.
On February 2, 2001, Mr. Talbott called a telephonic board meeting at 10:00
a.m. to update the Patterson board on the status of negotiations and seek
guidance from the board on whether he should continue negotiating a possible
combination of the two companies. He informed the board that he and Mr. Siegel
believed that a combination of the two companies would be beneficial to both
companies and their stockholders. Following Mr. Talbott's report, management of
Patterson presented to its board a financial analysis of a combined
Patterson-UTI. The Patterson board discussed various issues relating to the
merger including the strategic value of the merger to Patterson and its
stockholders, management of the combined company, the exchange ratio and the
composition of the board of the combined company.

     After extensive discussion, the board instructed Mr. Talbott to continue
negotiations with Mr. Siegel on the basis of a merger of Patterson and UTI with
the following terms:

     - Patterson's stockholders would own greater than 50% of the combined
       companies after the merger.

     - Patterson's board would hold a one seat majority of the board after the
       merger, and

     - Mr. Talbott would continue to be chief executive officer of Patterson
       after the merger.

     At a telephonic board meeting commencing at 1:30 p.m., on February 2, 2001,
Messrs. Siegel and Berns provided the UTI board of directors with an update on
the status of the negotiations of a possible business combination with
Patterson. The UTI board of directors indicated its support for a merger and its
belief that the exchange ratio should be close to one to one. The UTI board
directed Messrs. Siegel and Berns to continue negotiations with Patterson.

     After both board meetings, Messrs. Talbott, Siegel and Berns continued
negotiations, and management of both companies began negotiating and drafting a
merger agreement for approval by their respective boards.

     Following negotiations on February 3 and 4, 2001, Messrs. Talbott, Siegel
and Berns, management of the respective companies and their counsel negotiated
the following terms of a merger:

     - UTI would merge into Patterson and Patterson would change its name to
       Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc.;

     - each UTI stockholder would receive one share of Patterson stock for each
       of its outstanding shares, which would result in Patterson stockholders
       owning approximately 50.5% and UTI stockholders owning approximately
       49.5% of the combined Patterson-UTI immediately after the merger,

     - Patterson's board would choose six members and UTI's board would choose
       the remaining five members of the combined Patterson-UTI board.

     It was further understood that after consummation of the merger, Mr. Siegel
would serve as Chairman while Mr. Talbott would serve as Chief Executive Officer
of a combined Patterson-UTI.


     At a telephonic board meeting commencing at 5:30 p.m. on February 4, 2001,
Mr. Siegel advised the UTI board of directors that management of UTI had
negotiated the terms of a definitive merger agreement with representatives of
Patterson, subject to the approval of the UTI board of directors. UTI's legal
counsel reviewed the material terms of the merger agreement with the UTI board
of directors. Also, at the board meeting Lehman Brothers made a presentation to
the UTI board of directors with regard to the reasons supporting the merger and
the financial impact to UTI and its stockholders. At the conclusion of the
presentation, Lehman Brothers advised the UTI board of directors that it would
issue its fairness opinion as of the date of the meeting, subject to the UTI
board of directors' approval of the merger. After discussion, the UTI board of
directors unanimously approved the merger agreement.

     On the evening of February 4, 2001, Patterson's board of directors convened
via telephone to review the progress of the proposed merger transaction with
UTI. Mr. Talbott and other members of Patterson's management team and
Patterson's legal counsel briefed the board on the results of the negotiations.
In addition, Patterson's senior management briefed the board as to the strategic
rationales for the transaction and Patterson's counsel reviewed the proposed
terms of the transaction and the merger agreement.
Following the presentation of the terms of the merger, Merrill Lynch,
financial advisor to the Patterson board on this transaction, delivered its
fairness opinion presentation to the Patterson board, in which it gave its
opinion that, as of that date and based on and subject to the matters described
in its opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to
Patterson and its stockholders.

     At the conclusion of the meeting, Patterson's board, with one member
abstaining, determined that the merger agreement and merger transactions were
fair to, and in the best interests of, Patterson and its stockholders, and
resolved to recommend that Patterson's stockholders adopt the merger agreement
and approve the merger and an amendment to Patterson's restated certificate of
incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock from
50,000,000 to 200,000,000 and change the name of Patterson to Patterson-UTI
Energy, Inc.

     Following execution of the definitive merger agreement, a joint press
release announcing the merger transaction was issued on February 5, 2001.

UTI'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     UTI's board of directors believes that the terms of the merger are in the
best interests of UTI and its stockholders, has unanimously approved the merger
and the merger agreement and recommends that the UTI stockholders approve and
adopt the merger and merger agreement.

     UTI's board of directors considers the merger to be a means of achieving
the long term strategic and financial goals of UTI while at the same time
offering the UTI stockholders the ability to participate in a

larger, more diversified land drilling company. In reaching its conclusion to
approve the merger, the UTI board of directors also considered the factors
listed below:


     - information concerning the historical financial performance and
       condition, business operations and prospects of each of UTI and
       Patterson, and UTI's projected future performance and prospects as a
       separate entity and on a combined basis with Patterson;

     - current industry, economic and market conditions;

     - the fact that the combination of the two companies would create the
       second largest drilling company in the United States and that the
       geographic locations, strengths and drilling rig fleets of UTI and
       Patterson complement one another;

     - the fact that the size and importance in the industry of the combined
       companies likely would provide greater visibility and a stronger
       following by research analysts and greater stock market liquidity than
       UTI would have on its own;

     - recent and historical market prices of UTI's common stock and Patterson's
       common stock;

     - the structure of the transaction and terms of the merger agreement and
       the one to one exchange ratio, which were the result of arm's-length
       negotiations between UTI and Patterson;

     - the financial analysis and opinion of Lehman Brothers;

     - the fact that the merger would provide holders of UTI common stock with
       the opportunity to receive a premium over recent market prices for UTI


     - the terms of the merger agreement that permit the UTI board of directors,
       in the exercise of its fiduciary duties and subject to certain
       conditions, to terminate the merger agreement if UTI receives a takeover
       proposal that the UTI board of directors deems to be a "superior
       proposal" (as defined in the merger agreement); in this regard, the UTI
       board of directors noted that if it were to terminate the merger
       agreement under those circumstances, UTI must pay to Patterson a $32.5
       million fee plus reimbursement of expenses up to $2.5 million, and if the
       UTI stockholders did not approve the merger and UTI had not received a
       superior takeover proposal, UTI must pay to Patterson a $2.5 million fee
       plus reimbursement of expenses up to $2.5 million; the UTI board of
       directors did not view the termination fee provision of the merger
       agreement as unreasonably deterring any seriously interested third party
       from making a superior proposal;

     - the expectation that the merger would result in the holders of UTI common
       stock receiving the opportunity to receive shares of Patterson common
       stock in a transaction that is not expected to have any immediate United
       States federal income tax impact;

     - the expectation that the merger of UTI and Patterson will be treated for
       accounting purposes as a pooling-of-interests;

     - the historical performance and reputation of Patterson; and

     - the likelihood that the merger would be consummated.



     In determining that the merger was in the best interests of UTI's
stockholders, the UTI board of directors considered the factors discussed above
as a whole and did not assign specific or relative weights to those factors. The
UTI board of directors believes that the merger is an opportunity for UTI's
stockholders to participate in a combined enterprise that has significantly
greater business and financial resources than UTI would have without the merger
and to receive, on a tax deferred basis, a premium for their shares of UTI
common stock, based on recent market prices.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE UTI BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     For the reasons set forth under "The Merger -- Background of the Merger"
and "The Merger -- UTI's Reasons for the Merger," the UTI board of directors
believes that the merger is in the best interests

of UTI and the holders of UTI common stock. THE UTI BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY ADOPTED THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RECOMMENDS THAT THE
HOLDERS OF UTI COMMON STOCK VOTE "FOR" ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AND THE MERGER
AGREEMENT.

OPINION OF UTI'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Lehman Brothers acted as UTI's financial advisor in connection with the
merger. UTI instructed Lehman Brothers, in its role as financial advisor, to
evaluate the fairness, from a financial perspective, of the exchange ratio
offered to UTI stockholders in the merger. On February 4, 2001, Lehman Brothers
delivered its oral and written opinion to the UTI board that, as of such date
and based upon and subject to certain matters stated therein, from a financial
point of view, the exchange ratio offered to UTI's stockholders in the merger
was fair to such stockholders.
THE FULL TEXT OF THE LEHMAN BROTHERS' WRITTEN OPINION IS INCLUDED IN ANNEX
B TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY
REFERENCE. UTI STOCKHOLDERS MAY READ LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION FOR A DISCUSSION
OF THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, FACTORS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS UPON THE REVIEW
UNDERTAKEN BY LEHMAN BROTHERS IN RENDERING ITS OPINION. THE FOLLOWING IS SUMMARY
OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH OPINION.

     Except as described in the next sentence, no limitations were imposed by
UTI on the scope of Lehman Brothers' investigation or the procedures to be
followed by Lehman Brothers in rendering its opinion. In arriving at its
opinion, at the direction of UTI, Lehman Brothers had limited opportunity to
conduct due diligence on UTI and Patterson and, as further described below,
Lehman Brothers' opinion therefore was necessarily based primarily upon publicly
available information. The form and amount of the consideration to be received
by UTI stockholders in the merger was determined through arm's-length
negotiations between the parties. Lehman Brothers' advisory services and opinion
were provided for the use and benefit of the UTI board in connection with its
consideration of the merger. Lehman Brothers' opinion is not intended to be and
does not constitute a recommendation to any UTI stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote with respect to the merger. Lehman Brothers was not
requested to opine as to, and its opinion does not address, UTI's underlying
business decision to proceed with the merger. In addition, Lehman Brothers'
opinion does not address the prices at which shares of Patterson common stock
will actually trade after the merger.

     In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed and analyzed the
following:

     - the merger agreement and the specific terms of the merger (including with
       respect to corporate governance of the combined company);


     - publicly available information concerning UTI and Patterson that Lehman
       Brothers believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Annual
       Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 and
       Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000;

     - a trading history of the common stock of each of UTI and Patterson from
       February 2, 2000 to the present and a comparison of these trading
       histories with each other and with those of other companies that Lehman
       Brothers deemed relevant;

     - a comparison of the historical financial results and present financial
       condition of each of UTI and Patterson with each other and with those of
       other companies that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

     - a comparison of the financial terms of the merger with the financial
       terms of certain other transactions that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

     - estimates of third party research analysts with respect to the future
       financial performance of each of UTI and Patterson; and

     - the relative contributions of UTI and Patterson to the historical and
       future financial performance of the combined company on a pro forma
       basis.

In addition, Lehman Brothers had discussions with the management of each of UTI
and Patterson concerning their respective businesses, operations, assets,
financial condition and prospects and concerning the strategic benefits expected
to result from the merger and undertook such other studies, analyses and
investigations as it deemed appropriate.
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by Lehman
Brothers without assuming any responsibility for independent verification of
such information and further relied upon the assurances of managements of UTI
and Patterson that they are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would
make such information inaccurate or misleading. In arriving at its opinion,
Lehman Brothers did not review financial projections of UTI or Patterson
prepared by management of UTI or Patterson. Based on the advice of UTI, Lehman
Brothers assumed that the published estimates of third party research analysts
are a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate the future financial performance
of UTI and Patterson on a comparative basis. In arriving at its opinion, Lehman
Brothers did not conduct a physical inspection of the properties and facilities
of UTI or Patterson and did not make or obtain any evaluations or appraisals of
the assets or liabilities of UTI or Patterson. In addition, the UTI board did
not authorize Lehman Brothers to solicit, and Lehman Brothers did not solicit,
any proposals or offers from any third party with respect to the purchase of all
or a part of UTI's business. Upon advice of UTI and its legal and accounting
advisors, Lehman Brothers assumed that the merger will qualify (i) for
pooling-of-interests accounting treatment and (ii) as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and therefore qualify as a tax-free transaction to the stockholders of UTI.
Lehman Brothers' opinion necessarily was based upon market, economic and other
conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date of its
opinion.
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not ascribe a specific
range of values to UTI or Patterson, but rather made its determination as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio on the basis of
the financial and comparative analyses described below. The preparation of a
fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial and comparative analysis and the application of
those methods to the particular circumstances. As a result, fairness opinions
are not readily susceptible to summary description. Furthermore, in arriving at
its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to
the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly, Lehman
Brothers believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
considering any portion of such analyses and of the factors considered, without
considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the process underlying its opinion. In performing its analyses, Lehman
Brothers made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of UTI or Patterson. None of UTI, Patterson, Lehman Brothers or any
other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different
from those discussed. Any estimates contained in the analyses are not
necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or
values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than as set forth
therein. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses may
actually be sold.