The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Women.com Networks & iVillage Inc:
Background of the Merger

   During the course of the prior three years, various senior management
personnel of iVillage have been involved from time to time in discussions with
members of management of Hearst Communications and Women.com regarding a
variety of topics related to their businesses, including the possibility of
combining the two companies and the potential benefits of combining the two
companies.

    On August 2, 2000, Douglas W. McCormick, Chief Executive Officer of
iVillage, met with Alfred Sikes, one of Hearst Communications' representatives
on the board of directors of Women.com. Mr. McCormick was President and Chief
Executive Officer of Lifetime Television, a joint venture of The Hearst
Corporation and The Walt Disney Company, from 1993 to 1998 and, accordingly,
knew Mr. Sikes quite well. At the meeting on August 2, 2000, Mr. McCormick and
Mr. Sikes talked generally about the possibility of combining iVillage and
Women.com, and referred to the potential transaction as a merger of equals.
Mr. McCormick and Mr. Sikes also discussed the relative strengths of the
iVillage and Women.com brands, and whether Mr. McCormick or Marleen McDaniel,
the Chief Executive Officer of Women.com, would head the combined company. No
agreements on these topics were reached by Mr. McCormick and Mr. Sikes during
this meeting.

    On August 9, 2000, Mr. McCormick had a breakfast meeting with Ms.
McDaniel. This was the first meeting between Mr. McCormick and Ms. McDaniel
during which the potential business combination was discussed. Mr. McCormick
asked Ms. McDaniel whether she would be interested in exploring a potential
business combination, and Ms. McDaniel did not dismiss the idea. As was the
case with the August 2, 2000 meeting between Mr. McCormick and Mr. Sikes, the
two executives spoke of the potential transaction as a merger of equals. Mr.
McCormick and Ms. McDaniel also discussed which of the two of them would act
as chief executive officer of the combined company, but no agreement on this
issue was reached.
Ms. McDaniel left telephone messages for Mr. McCormick on August 17, 2000
suggesting that Mr. McCormick might want to meet with Women.com's management
team in California. On November 17, 2000, Ms. McDaniel called Mr. McCormick
and left a message that she would be in New York on December 6th, 7th and 8th,
and that she would like to schedule a meeting with Mr. McCormick. Mr.
McCormick subsequently

suggested a meeting on December 7, 2000 and, on November 30, 2000, Ms.
McDaniel confirmed her availability for that meeting, and stated that Mr.
Sikes would also be in attendance.

    During the period from August 17, 2000 to October 5, 2000, Mr. McCormick
had several informal conversations with members of the iVillage board of
directors during which it became clear that the consensus of the iVillage
board was that there would be no support for a merger with Women.com unless
the transaction would result in the stockholders of iVillage owning more than
a majority of the outstanding shares of the combined company.
On October 5, 2000, there was a regular meeting of the board of directors of
iVillage. During this meeting, John Curran, who was iVillage's Senior Vice
President--Corporate Development at the time, and Enrique Senior of Allen &
Company Incorporated, iVillage's financial advisor, provided the Board with a
presentation on several potential strategic partnerships and mergers being
explored by the iVillage board, including the potential merger with Women.com,
and Mr. McCormick summarized for the iVillage board the status of his
discussions with Mr. Sikes and Ms. McDaniel. The iVillage board of directors
authorized iVillage's management team to continue its discussions with
Women.com and Hearst Communications. The iVillage board of directors confirmed
the view expressed informally through conversations with Mr. McCormick that
there would be no support for any transaction with Women.com unless it would
result in the iVillage stockholders owning more than a majority of the
combined company. The iVillage board also expressed the view that if the
transaction were to receive its support, it would be necessary for the
combined company to be operated at the direction of iVillage's management,
with Mr. McCormick as the Chief Executive Officer.
On December 7, 2000, Mr. Sikes and Ms. McDaniel met with Mr. McCormick and
Steven A. Elkes, Executive Vice President--Operations and Business Affairs of
iVillage, to continue the discussions relating to the possibility of combining
iVillage and Women.com. During this meeting, Mr. McCormick communicated to Mr.
Sikes and Ms. McDaniel that the combination of iVillage and Women.com would
not be supported by him or the iVillage board unless iVillage's stockholders
ended up with more than a majority of the outstanding shares of the combined
company and Mr. McCormick served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board of the combined company. During this meeting, there was also a
general discussion of whether the combined company would be able to attract
more end-users and achieve greater economies of scale than the two companies
would were they to continue to operate as separate entities. The meeting
concluded without agreement and no additional meetings or discussions were
scheduled, although Mr. Sikes and Ms. McDaniels agreed to think about the
issues discussed and report back to Mr. McCormick as to whether there
continued to be an interest in pursuing a potential business combination.

   On December 21, 2000, Mr. McCormick met again with Mr. Sikes. During this
meeting, they discussed in general terms the manner in which the combined
company would be operated, and which brands and channels would be continued
after the merger. Mr. Sikes also indicated at this meeting that Hearst
Communications would support a combination where iVillage emerged in a
controlling position. Mr. Sikes and Mr. McCormick agreed to continue their
discussions on the possible business combination and to expand the scope of
iVillage and Hearst Communications senior management involved in the
discussions.
On January 15, 2001, Mr. Sikes, James Asher, another of Hearst
Communications' representatives on the board of directors of Women.com, and
Mr. McCormick met to discuss the possibility of combining Women.com and
iVillage. The management of the combined company was discussed, and Messrs.
Sikes and Asher expressed a willingness to move forward on the basis that Mr.
McCormick would be the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
the combined entity. Messrs. Sikes and Asher also agreed that a structure in
which iVillage stockholders ended up owning more than a majority of the
combined company would be acceptable, although there was no agreement on any
particular ownership percentage and, accordingly, no agreement on the exchange
ratio that would apply to the merger. Messrs. Sikes and Asher, on behalf of
Hearst Communications, and Mr. McCormick, on behalf of iVillage, agreed to
submit the issue of the proposed business combination, on a preliminary basis,
to the board of directors of iVillage and Women.com.

   On January 17, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage met to consider
several matters of business including, among other things, preliminary
discussions regarding the form of and parameters for any proposed business
combination with Women.com. At this meeting, Mr. McCormick and other members
of senior management discussed the proposed transaction with the board and the
strategic reasons for the proposed transaction. Upon

completion of its deliberations, the board of directors of iVillage authorized
and directed Mr. McCormick and other members of iVillage's senior management
to pursue further discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com within
parameters that included a management structure of the combined company led by
Mr. McCormick and majority ownership of the combined company by iVillage
stockholders.
On January 18, 2001, the board of directors of Women.com held their
regularly scheduled board meeting. Several different  options were discussed
regarding the future of Women.com, including whether to remain an independent
company, seek alternative financing, merge with another company or be acquired
by another company. Salomon Smith Barney, Women.com's financial advisor, gave
a presentation regarding different options. A representative of Cooley Godward
LLP, Women.com's outside legal counsel, discussed the board's fiduciary duties
in considering a strategic business combination. The Women.com board of
directors then directed Ms. McDaniel to pursue discussions with iVillage with
respect to a possible merger transaction with iVillage.

   On January 22, 2000, Mr. McCormick, Mr. Elkes and Scott Levine, Chief
Financial Officer of iVillage, discussed with Allen & Company Incorporated and
various individual board members the advantages and disadvantages of various
types of business combinations.

   On January 22, 2001, Ms. McDaniel, Mr. Sikes, Mr. Asher and Barry Weinman,
another member of the board of directors of Women.com, spoke by telephone
regarding the possibility of pursuing a transaction with iVillage.

   On January 22, 2001, Mr. McCormick spoke by telephone with Mr. Sikes, Mr.
Asher and Mr. Weinman to discuss the potential of proceeding with discussions.
During the period of January 17, 2001 through January 24, 2001, there were a
series of telephone calls between Mr. McCormick, members of senior management
of iVillage and Messrs. Sikes and Asher on behalf of Hearst Communications and
Women.com regarding the structure of a proposed transaction, management
issues, corporate governance issues, the proposed exchange ratio, due
diligence issues and the structure of arrangements with Hearst Communications.
With regard to the structure of arrangements with Hearst Communications, Mr.
Asher stated that Hearst Communications would be willing, as part of the
proposed merger transaction, to make an investment in iVillage in the range of
$20.0 million to $25.0 million. Mr. Asher discussed with senior management of
iVillage the form of this investment, and it was preliminarily agreed that
Hearst Communications would purchase both iVillage common stock and a warrant
to purchase iVillage common stock. The parties discussed at length the manner
of pricing the securities that would be purchased by Hearst Communications and
the terms of the warrant, but no agreements on these issues were reached.

   On January 23, 2001, Mr. Sikes, Mr. Asher, Ms. McDaniel and Erin Ruane,
Senior Vice President, Business and Corporate Development of Women.com, met
with Salomon Smith Barney to discuss financial aspects of the proposed
transaction, the structure of the transaction and the fairness of the
transaction from a financial point of view to the Women.com stockholders.

   On January 24, 2001, Mr. McCormick, Mr. Elkes, Mr. Levine, and Jane
Tollinger, iVillage's Senior Vice President of Operations and Business
Affairs, met with Mr. Sikes, Ms. McDaniel, Ms. Ruane and Mr. Asher to discuss
the specific structure of the transaction, the exchange ratio, the strategic
arrangements with Hearst Communications and management structure. The meeting
concluded with no agreement.

   On January 25, 2001, Messrs. McCormick, Levine and Elkes, and Ms. Tollinger
met with Messrs. Sikes and Asher and Ronald J. Doerfler, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Hearst Communications, and continued to discuss
specific aspects of the proposed transaction structure, the Hearst
Communications investment issues, the exchange ratio, and management
structure. The meeting concluded with no agreement on specific terms for the
proposed transaction.

   On January 26, 2001, Ms. McDaniel and Mr. Asher briefed by telephone the
Women.com board of directors of the status of the proposed transaction.

   On January 26, 2001, Mr. McCormick spoke by telephone with Mr. Asher
regarding specific aspects of the proposed transaction.

   On January 29, 2001, Mr. McCormick and Mr. Levine spoke by telephone with
Ms. McDaniel and Mr. Sikes regarding specific aspects of the proposed
transaction.


   On January 29, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage held a telephonic
meeting. At the meeting, Mr. McCormick provided a report on the discussions
which had taken place with Women.com and Hearst Communications. Mr. McCormick
also summarized the principal terms and open issues relating to a possible
transaction. These open issues related primarily to corporate governance
matters including the number of board seats that Hearst Communications would
be entitled to and the manner in which that number would be adjusted in the
future, the extent to which Hearst Communications would be restricted from
increasing its ownership interest in iVillage and the voting restrictions that
would be imposed upon the shares of iVillage common stock that would be owned
by Hearst Communications after the merger. A representative of Orrick,
Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, iVillage's outside legal counsel, discussed the
board's fiduciary duties in considering a strategic business combination and
further discussed the principal terms of a draft agreement and plan of merger.

   On January 29, 2001, iVillage and Women.com signed a confidentiality
agreement regarding the transaction to begin due diligence.

   Beginning the week of January 29, 2001, there were a series of daily
telephone calls between members of senior management of iVillage and members
of senior management of Hearst Communications and Women.com regarding the
terms of the proposed transaction and due diligence matters. In addition,
iVillage, Hearst Communications and Women.com and their respective advisors
intensified due diligence activities and preparation of definitive
documentation. On January 31, 2001, Messrs. McCormick, Elkes and Levine and
Ms. Tollinger met with Messrs. Sikes and Asher to discuss specific aspects of
the transaction.

   From February 1, 2001 through February 5, 2001, representatives of iVillage,
Hearst Communications and Women.com and their respective advisors conducted
due diligence and negotiated definitive documentation. On February 3, 2001,
representatives of iVillage, Hearst Communications and Women.com agreed to
revise the structure of the merger to make it a taxable transaction so that
stockholders of Women.com may be able to realize any loss they have suffered
on their investment in Women.com.
On February 2, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage met at the offices
of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP in New York, New York. Mr. McCormick
provided an update of discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com and
a review of the terms of the transaction and the strategic rationale for the
transaction. Representatives of Allen & Company Incorporated presented to
iVillage's board of directors a summary of its financial analyses of the
transaction. In addition, Allen & Company delivered its oral opinion that the
acquisition of Women.com and the investment in iVillage of an aggregate of
$20.0 million by Hearst Communications pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement and possibly other Women.com stockholders through a rights offering
was fair, from a financial point of view, to iVillage. Representatives of
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP then reviewed the directors' fiduciary
duties and summarized the principal terms of the proposed agreements. After
its deliberations, the board of directors directed senior management to
continue discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com.

   On February 4, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage again convened by
telephone to review the status of the negotiations. Mr. McCormick and
representatives of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP provided an update on
the status of the proposed transaction and the terms of the proposed
agreements. Mr. McCormick also summarized the issues upon which the parties
had not yet reached agreement. These open issues related primarily to
corporate governance matters including the number of board seats that Hearst
Communications would be entitled to and the manner in which that number would
be adjusted in the future, the extent to which Hearst Communications would be
restricted from increasing its ownership interest in iVillage and the voting
restrictions that would be imposed upon the shares of iVillage common stock
that would be owned by Hearst Communications after the merger.