Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:

Background of the Transaction

   Over the past several years, Pepco has carefully monitored market and
regulatory developments in the electric utility industry that have
substantially increased competition in all sectors of the industry and analyzed
how best to position itself in this changing environment. In 1999, Pepco
announced a strategy of being an electricity delivery company with growing
energy and telecommunications retail businesses. Pepco determined that it was
not big enough to achieve the economies of scale that would be needed in the
long term to compete effectively in the rapidly consolidating nationwide
generation business. As a result, Pepco decided to sell the bulk of the
generation facilities it then owned in an auction process, which was completed
in late 2000 and early 2001. The strategy announced by Pepco involves the
continued operation and expansion of an electric distribution system in the
mid-Atlantic region as well as the development of energy and telecommunications
retail operations, in each case through both internal growth and acquisitions.

    Since the commencement of operations of Conectiv in 1998, the Conectiv Board
has carefully followed the developments in the electric and natural gas
industries. The Conectiv Board, with the assistance of management, has
regularly reviewed the on-going restructuring of the energy industry and has
evaluated Conectiv's strategy in this context. After much consideration and
review, and taking into account the legislative developments in Delaware,
Maryland and New Jersey, the Conectiv Board adopted a strategy of disposing of
Conectiv's interests in nuclear generating plants and baseload fossil fuel-
fired generating plants and developing new mid-merit generation plants in the
PJM Interconnection region.
Between January and July 2000, in the course of several meetings, the
Conectiv Board, together with Conectiv's management and financial advisor,
Credit Suisse First Boston, continued to evaluate the potential impact of the
mid-merit strategy, including its significant capital requirements, on Conectiv
and possible alternatives to implementing this strategy. As the Conectiv Board
weighed the potential risks and benefits of the mid-merit strategy, the
Conectiv Board determined that it should begin to consider the risks and
benefits of potential strategic alternatives, including a possible business
combination involving Conectiv. In this regard, Credit Suisse First Boston
outlined for the Conectiv Board the process for soliciting proposals from
potentially interested parties if the Conectiv Board decided to explore a
possible business combination, and management and Credit Suisse First Boston
discussed with the Conectiv Board potential strategic and financial parties who
might have an interest in such a transaction. During these months, the Conectiv
Board did not take any formal action relating to any potential strategic
alternatives and determined that remaining independent and continuing

to pursue the mid-merit strategy and existing long-term plans remained an
alternative that was available depending on the results of further evaluation.

   During the spring of 2000, an ad hoc committee consisting of independent
outside directors met several times to review in greater detail the possible
acceleration of the mid-merit strategy. In June 2000, based on the
recommendation of this ad hoc committee, the Conectiv Board instructed
management to preserve the option of accelerating the implementation of the
mid-merit strategy. At that time, the Conectiv Board also appointed another ad
hoc committee of three independent outside directors to evaluate other
strategic alternatives and authorized the retention by the ad hoc committee of
outside advisors to assist in this evaluation. This second committee selected
Credit Suisse First Boston as financial advisor and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
as special legal counsel on behalf of the Conectiv Board in connection with the
evaluation of potential strategic alternatives.

   In August 2000, following several meetings with Credit Suisse First Boston
and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, the second ad hoc committee authorized Credit
Suisse First Boston, with the consent of the Conectiv Board, to make
preliminary contact with likely possible transaction candidates. In August,
Credit Suisse First Boston contacted 10 potential domestic bidders, including
Pepco, and 5 potential foreign bidders. Thereafter, several additional parties
were contacted.

   When contacted in August 2000 in connection with the process established by
Conectiv, Pepco's management determined that a business combination with
Conectiv was consistent with Pepco's announced regionally-based strategy and,
in October 2000, entered into a confidentiality agreement with Conectiv in
order to participate in the process. At that time, Pepco engaged LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. to act as its legal counsel and Merrill Lynch to act as
its financial advisor in the process.
On September 8, 2000, the Conectiv Board convened to review, among other
matters, a report of the ad hoc committee relating to its evaluation of
potential strategic alternatives. Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed for the Conectiv Board the recent performance of utility stocks and
recent mergers and acquisitions activity in the utility industry and reported
that 10 parties had expressed interest in participating in a business
combination with Conectiv. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed a potential
timeline for the process of soliciting transaction bids. Representatives of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett then reviewed for the Conectiv Board its fiduciary
duties in the context of commencing a process which could lead to a merger or
acquisition transaction. After discussion, the Conectiv Board approved the
recommendation of the ad hoc committee to commence a process for soliciting
transaction proposals.

   Beginning in October 2000, with the assistance of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
and Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP, Conectiv's legal counsel, Conectiv
negotiated and entered into confidentiality and standstill agreements with 13
parties, including Pepco, for the purpose of facilitating the delivery of
confidential information regarding Conectiv to the parties who expressed an
interest in receiving such information. Beginning on October 14, 2000, each
party that had entered into a confidentiality and standstill agreement received
a confidential information memorandum relating to Conectiv and a letter
inviting submission of preliminary indications of interest by November 13,
2000.
On October 26, 2000, the Pepco Board met to review the potential
transaction. John M. Derrick, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dennis
R. Wraase, at that time President and Chief Financial Officer and William T.
Torgerson, at that time Senior Vice President, External Affairs and General
Counsel, together with representatives from Merrill Lynch and LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. reported to the Pepco Board on the process established
by Conectiv and the status of due diligence review of Conectiv's operations.
The Pepco Board discussed the terms of a potential indication of interest to be
submitted by Pepco to Conectiv and authorized management to proceed with the
indication of interest, with the understanding that any final offer would be
subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence, negotiation of a
definitive merger agreement and approval by the Pepco Board.

   On November 13, 2000, Conectiv received preliminary indications of interest
from six parties for the acquisition of Conectiv. Among the parties expressing
an interest was Pepco.

   On November 17, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Conectiv
Board, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston discussed with the
Conectiv Board the preliminary indications of interest received. The Conectiv
Board decided to continue discussions with five of the initial bidders whose
preliminary proposals offered the highest consideration for the Conectiv
stockholders. The Conectiv Board authorized the process to continue but noted
that it was preserving the option to remain independent, including the option
to continue to implement the mid-merit business plan on an accelerated basis.
On November 27, 2000, additional confidential materials were distributed to
the five bidders who were invited to continue participating in the process.
Thereafter, in December 2000 and January 2001, Conectiv's management made
presentations to such parties concerning Conectiv and its business operations
and responded to detailed due diligence inquiries.

   On December 5, 2000, the Conectiv Board, at its regularly scheduled meeting,
continued its strategic review process and discussed with management and
representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston the bidders remaining in the
process. Since many of the remaining bidders, including Pepco, had indicated a
desire to pay for the transaction at least partly in stock, Credit Suisse First
Boston also gave an overview of potential "collar" structures and related
issues. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett informed the directors of the material terms
of the draft merger agreement which would be distributed to bidders. Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett explained to the Conectiv Board that the draft merger
agreement would provide for a part cash and part stock consideration and a
fixed value formula without a collar for determining the amount of stock
consideration. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett also explained that the draft merger
agreement would provide that the merger consideration payable to the holders of
the Conectiv Class A common stock would be determined in accordance with
Conectiv's certificate of incorporation.

   On separate occasions between December 2000 and the time the merger
agreement was executed, the Audit Committee of the Conectiv Board met to
consult with Conectiv's legal and financial advisors and to discuss the
Conectiv Board's fiduciary duties, the provisions of Conectiv's certificate of
incorporation and the anticipated terms of the merger agreement, the financial
implications of a business combination and other matters, in each case as they
related to the Conectiv Class A common stock.
On January 12, 2001, the remaining transaction candidates were sent a letter
outlining the procedures for submitting a final bid for Conectiv, accompanied
by a draft merger agreement prepared by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett.

   On January 23, 2001, a meeting of the Conectiv Board was convened to update
the Conectiv Board on the process for soliciting transaction proposals.
Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston informed the Conectiv Board that
two of the five parties invited to continue in the process had elected to
withdraw from the process. Credit Suisse First Boston then provided the
Conectiv Board with additional information relating to the three parties,
including Pepco, remaining in the process. Credit Suisse First Boston reported
that one of the three remaining bidders had indicated that it was not prepared
to bid for the entire company alone and accordingly was exploring an on-sale
disposition of Conectiv's generation assets to another party in order to make a
bid. Representatives of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett then provided a review of
the material legal issues that might arise in negotiations with any of the
three remaining bidders, including potential proposals containing collars.
Howard Cosgrove, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Conectiv,
and other members of management provided the Conectiv Board with a regulatory
assessment of a potential transaction with each of the remaining parties.
Potter, Anderson & Corroon and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett further informed the
Conectiv Board of its fiduciary duties in the context of this process and
discussed with the Conectiv Board the provisions of the certificate of
incorporation regarding the treatment of Conectiv Class A common stock.
On January 24, 2001, Conectiv received an unsolicited letter from a party
expressing interest in acquiring Conectiv. On January 26, 2001, Conectiv's
legal and financial advisors met with this party and its financial and legal
advisors to explore whether a transaction was feasible and the potential timing
of any such transaction. The preliminary price level expressed by this party
was in the high range of the remaining three parties' indications of interest.
This party, however, had not performed due diligence and informed Conectiv's
advisors that it had not yet obtained commitments for the equity or debt
financing required to complete a transaction. This party further advised that
it would require at least another month to complete due diligence and be in a
position to make a definitive proposal and begin to negotiate a definitive
agreement.
At the Pepco Board's regularly scheduled meeting on January 25, 2001,
following conclusion of the Pepco Board's regularly scheduled business,
representatives of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. discussed the duties
of the Pepco Board in considering the submission of a bid to Conectiv as well
as the terms of the proposed merger agreement to be included as part of the bid
package. Representatives of Merrill Lynch discussed the proposed bid to be
submitted to Conectiv. In addition, Messrs. Derrick and Wraase (who in the
interim had been promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer), discussed
the financial and strategic benefits and risks of the proposed transaction in
the context of Pepco's business plans and the results of Pepco's due diligence
review. After considering these discussions as well as the recommendation of
Pepco's management, the Pepco Board authorized management to submit a bid and,
if successful, to enter into a transaction with Conectiv substantially in the
form provided in the bid. The Pepco Board authorized management to negotiate
final terms for a transaction with Conectiv, but required further consultation
with the Pepco Board regarding any material changes from the bid proposal. The
Pepco Board also discussed the rationale behind a potential common stock
dividend reduction and share repurchase program which was then under
consideration and its relationship to the proposed acquisition of Conectiv
should the bid be successful.

   On January 29, 2001, the deadline for all proposals under Conectiv's
process, Pepco submitted a final bid to acquire Conectiv at a price of $24.00
per share of Conectiv common stock. Under Pepco's proposal, half of the
consideration would consist of cash and the other half would consist of stock,
with the stock consideration subject to a collar. The Pepco bid also stated
that Pepco would, simultaneously with the execution of the merger agreement,
announce a reduction of its dividend and a share repurchase program.
Conectiv did not receive final proposals from the two other remaining
participants in the process. One such participant indicated that its efforts to
collaborate on a bid with a third party purchaser of generation assets were not
successful and thus it would be prepared, with additional due diligence, to
make an offer to purchase only Conectiv's transmission and distribution assets.
The proposed third party purchaser of the generation assets also submitted a
separate letter expressing interest in acquiring the generation assets with an
indicated pricing level that was not considered attractive. The other
participant in this process, a foreign utility company, indicated that it was
not yet prepared to make a final bid because aspects of the transaction were
continuing to be reviewed by its senior executives and that it could not
provide a definitive timeframe for submitting a proposal.