The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between New Era of Networks Inc & Sybase Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER

     In the fourth quarter of 2000, the Corporate Development Group at Sybase,
under the direction of Marty Beard, Sybase's Vice President, Corporate
Development, researched companies offering enterprise application integration
products and identified NEON as a potential candidate for a strategic
relationship.

     In December 2000, NEON engaged Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation
("CSFB") to provide financial advisory services in connection with a possible
business combination involving NEON. In December 2000 and January 2001, CSFB and
officers of NEON contacted approximately seven parties to determine their
interest in engaging in a business combination with NEON.

     On December 27, 2000, Mr. Beard placed a telephone call to George F. (Rick)
Adam, Jr., NEON's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, inviting Mr. Adam to
participate in an initial discussion regarding a possible strategic

     On January 1, 2001, Mr. Beard and Mr. Adam had an initial discussion by
telephone. During that conversation, Mr. Beard introduced the possibility of a
business combination transaction, and Mr. Adam expressed an interest in
exploring such a transaction.

     On January 3, 2001, Mr. Adam met, at Sybase's offices in Emeryville,
California, with Mr. Beard, John S. Chen, Sybase's President and Chief Executive
Officer, Raj Nathan, Sybase's General Manager, Internet Applications Division,
and Billy Ho, Sybase's Vice President of Research and Development to discuss a
possible business combination. At the meeting, Mr. Adam and Mr. Chen presented
each other with strategic overviews of their respective companies and confirmed
their mutual interest in pursuing further discussions regarding a possible
business combination.

     On January 12, 2001, Mr. Chen conveyed to Mr. Adam Sybase's proposed terms
for a possible business combination involving Sybase and NEON.

     On January 15, 2001, NEON's board of directors authorized NEON to continue
discussions with Sybase regarding a possible business combination.

     On January 16, 2001, at the direction of Mr. Adam, CSFB contacted Mr. Chen
to express NEON's desire to continue discussions regarding a potential business
combination. At this time, Mr. Chen expressed Sybase's desire to continue
discussions as well.

     On January 17, 2001 NEON and Sybase entered into a mutual nondisclosure
agreement pursuant to which they agreed to exchange confidential information
regarding their respective businesses.

     On January 19, 2001, Mr. Adam, Dr. Patrick Fortune, NEON's President and
Chief Operating Officer, Stephen Webb, NEON's Chief Financial Officer, and Peter
Hoversten, NEON's Chief Technology Officer, met with Pieter Van der Vorst,
Sybase's Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Beard and Mark Wilson, Sybase's Senior
Director, Corporate Development, in San Francisco, California to review
strategic, financial, product and operational information about NEON, and to
continue discussions regarding the merits of a business combination. That night,
Mr. Adam and Mr. Chen continued discussions of a possible business combination.

     On January 22, 2001, Merrill Lynch & Co. ("Merrill Lynch") was engaged to
act as Sybase's financial advisor in connection with a possible transaction with
NEON.

     On January 24, 2001, Merrill Lynch began its due diligence review of NEON,
which continued through the signing of the reorganization agreement.
Representatives of Merrill Lynch met with

representatives of NEON management at NEON's offices in Englewood, Colorado to
review background historical information on NEON's strategy, products and
financial and operational performance.

     On January 26, 2001, Sybase transmitted a proposed term sheet and certain
ancillary documents to NEON.

     On January 27, 2001, Mr. Adam notified Mr. Beard that NEON was interested
in continuing discussions with Sybase regarding a possible business combination.


     On January 30 and 31, 2001, several discussions took place among
representatives of Sybase, Merrill Lynch, CSFB and NEON with respect to the
proposed financial terms of the business combination transaction.

     On February 1, 2001, NEON retained Cooley Godward LLP to act as its outside
legal counsel in connection with the possible business combination transaction.
Later that evening, management of the two companies agreed to continue
discussions regarding a business combination transaction and directed their
outside legal counsel to commence negotiation of a definitive reorganization
agreement.

     On February 5, 2001, representatives from Sybase, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, Professional Corporation, outside legal counsel to Sybase, and Ernst &
Young LLP, independent accountants to Sybase, began their due diligence review
of NEON which continued through the signing of the reorganization agreement.

     Between February 5 and February 7, 2001, Mr. Adam, Dr. Fortune, Mr. Webb,
Mr. Hoversten, Fred Horn, NEON's Executive Vice President of Operations, Leonard
Goldstein, NEON's Senior Vice President, Senior Counsel and Secretary, Leslie
Lundberg, NEON's Vice President of Human Resources, Brian Duff, NEON's
Controller, and other members of NEON management met with Mr. Van der Vorst, Mr.
Beard, Mr. Nathan, Dan Carl, Sybase's General Counsel, Pamela George, Sybase's
Vice President of Marketing, Nita White-Ivy, Sybase's Vice President of Human
Resources, and other members of Sybase management, at the offices of Cooley
Godward in San Francisco, California. During these meetings, the parties
discussed the business, financial condition and organization of the two
companies. Simultaneously, Scott Powell, NEON's Group President of Engineering,
and Mr. Ho met in Denver, Colorado, to discuss both companies' product
architecture and specifications.

     On February 6, 2001, the NEON board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting to discuss the potential business combination. Members of NEON's
management and representatives of CSFB explained the background and status of
the negotiations. At this meeting, representatives of Cooley Godward reviewed
the responsibilities of the board of directors in considering the proposed
business combination transaction. The NEON board of directors discussed the
strategic rationale for a proposed business combination and authorized
management to continue negotiations with Sybase. Later that evening, Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati delivered drafts of the reorganization agreement and
related agreements to Cooley Godward.
From February 9, 2001 through February 20, 2001, negotiations on the terms
of the reorganization agreement and related agreements continued among Sybase,
NEON and their respective legal counsel and financial advisors. These
negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, including, among other
things, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the restrictions
on the conduct of their businesses, the conditions to completion of the offer
and the merger, the provisions regarding termination, the details of the "no
shop" clause, the amount, triggers and payment of the termination fee and the
consequences of termination, and the delivery and terms of the stockholder
agreements. During this period, executive officers of NEON who were asked to
enter into employment and non-competition agreements and agreements amending
certain change of control severance agreements negotiated the terms of these
agreements with Sybase.

     On February 14, 2001, the NEON board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting during which the NEON board of directors discussed the proposed business
combination with Sybase. Mr. Adam reviewed the background of NEON's discussions
with Sybase as well as the current status of negotiations

and reviewed the terms of the proposed business combination transaction.
Representatives of CSFB reviewed the financial terms of the transaction as
proposed at that time. In addition, representatives of Cooley Godward outlined
the board's fiduciary duties and other applicable legal principles in the
context of business combination transactions and reviewed the reorganization
agreement and stockholder agreements and related matters. The NEON board of
directors discussed the strategic, business and financial merits and the timing
of a possible transaction with Sybase and the terms of Sybase's proposal, and
directed management to continue negotiations with Sybase.
From February 12, 2001 to February 14, 2001, Mr. Chen, Mr. Van der Vorst,
Mr. Beard and representatives of Merrill Lynch had several conversations with
the individual members of the Sybase board of directors regarding the proposed
business combination with NEON, including the strategic rationale for the
transaction and the proposed financial and other transaction terms.

     On February 15, 2001, the Sybase board of directors met and reviewed the
proposed transaction terms and the results of Sybase's due diligence
investigation. Representatives of Merrill Lynch and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati also participated. The Sybase board of directors received a presentation
from its financial advisor, Merrill Lynch, concerning the transaction.
Representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati reviewed the proposed
principal terms of the reorganization agreement and outlined the legal
principles applicable to the Sybase board of directors' consideration and
approval of the proposed transaction. The Sybase board of directors, by
unanimous vote of the directors present and voting at the meeting, authorized
Sybase to enter into a reorganization agreement with NEON in substantially the
form proposed at the meeting consistent with the Sybase board of directors'
guidance on certain open issues, including the completion of the audit of NEON's
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2000.

     On February 19, 2001, a representative of Merrill Lynch telephoned a
representative of CSFB to discuss open issues in the negotiations, including
valuation and the potential exchange ratio. In addition, on February 19, 2001,
Mr. Chen telephoned Mr. Adam to discuss open issues in the negotiations,
including valuation and the potential exchange ratio.
On February 19, 2001, the NEON board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting to review the status of negotiations and discussions with Sybase since
the board's February 14, 2001 meeting and reviewed revised drafts of the
reorganization agreement and related agreements. Representatives of CSFB and
Cooley Godward also participated. Representatives of Cooley Godward reviewed
with the NEON board of directors the main legal principles applicable to the
proposed business combination transaction (including the board's fiduciary
duties and authority in considering the transaction). Representatives of Cooley
Godward also reviewed in detail the principal terms of the proposed
reorganization agreement and related agreements and summarized the remaining
open issues and responded to questions by the NEON board of directors. The NEON
board of directors reviewed and discussed the principal terms of the proposed
transaction, including the exchange ratio, closing conditions, termination
rights, the termination fee, the stockholder agreements and NEON's ability to
consider alternative proposals. Also at this meeting, CSFB reviewed with NEON's
board of directors the financial terms of the transaction proposed at that time
and indicated that, subject to agreement on the final exchange ratio consistent
with the financial terms as proposed at that time, it was prepared to render an
opinion to the NEON board of directors that, as of such date and based upon and
subject to various considerations, the exchange ratio in the transaction was
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of NEON common stock. After
further deliberation, the NEON board of directors, by the unanimous vote of all
directors present and voting at the meeting:
- determined that the reorganization agreement and the transactions
       contemplated thereby, including the offer and the merger, are consistent
       with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of NEON and
       are advisable and are fair to and in the best interest of NEON and its
       stockholders,

     - approved and adopted the reorganization agreement and the transactions
       contemplated thereby, including the offer and the merger and the
       stockholder agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby,
       together with such changes as were discussed at the meeting,

     - resolved to recommend acceptance of the offer and approval and adoption
       of the reorganization agreement by NEON's stockholders, and

     - authorized Mr. Adam to execute, on behalf of NEON, the reorganization
       agreement and such other documents that certain of NEON's officers find
       necessary or advisable in their sole discretion, together with any
       changes, deletions, additions and alterations that such officers approve
       consistent with the resolutions of the NEON board of directors.

     After the close of trading on the Nasdaq National Market on February 20,
2001, Sybase and NEON agreed on the final exchange ratio of 0.3878 and entered
into the reorganization agreement. Following agreement on the final exchange
ratio, CSFB rendered to the NEON board of directors its written opinion that, as
of February 20, 2001, and based upon and subject to various considerations set
forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio in the transaction was fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of NEON common stock, other than Sybase
and its affiliates. CSFB was not aware of any ownership of shares of NEON common
stock by Sybase or its affiliates. A copy of CSFB's opinion is included in
NEON's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which is being
mailed to NEON stockholders together with this prospectus. Stockholders should
read CSFB's opinion carefully in its entirety.
Also on February 20, 2001, the directors and certain officers and
stockholders of NEON entered into stockholder agreements with Sybase, pursuant
to which they agreed to tender their NEON shares in the offer and vote their
NEON shares in favor of the approval and adoption of the reorganization
agreement. In addition, the directors and certain officers and stockholders of
NEON entered into affiliate agreements with Sybase, acknowledging the
restrictions imposed by the federal securities laws, in some instances, on their
ability to sell Sybase shares following the completion of the offer or the
merger, as applicable. In addition, certain officers of NEON also signed
amendments to the change of control severance agreements to which such officers
are party to, among other things, waive certain severance and other rights that
may be triggered as a direct or indirect result of the transactions contemplated
by the reorganization agreement. Messrs. Adam, Fortune, Horn and Hoversten each
entered into employment and non-competition agreements with Sybase, effective
upon consummation of the merger, under which they agreed not to engage in
certain activities or make certain investments, and not to solicit Sybase
employees, during the period of their employment by the surviving corporation
and for eighteen months following their termination of employment with the
surviving corporation. See the section entitled "Interests of NEON Officers and
Directors in the Transaction" beginning on page 53 of this prospectus,
specifically "-- Certain Executive Agreements" beginning on page 54 of this
prospectus, for a further description of some of these agreements.

     After the parties signed the reorganization agreement, Sybase issued a
press release announcing the transaction.

     On March 15, 2001 Neel Acquisition Corp. commenced the offer.

REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND MERGER

Improve our e-Business/Enterprise Application Integration Products




     - We believe the combination of Sybase and NEON furthers our strategy of
       improving and expanding our product offerings in the
       e-business/enterprise application integration marketplace. This
       marketplace is demanding the integration of new e-business applications
       with existing and older legacy applications on the web to facilitate
       seamless e-business. Enterprise application integration is one of the
       fastest growing areas of the information technology industry and Sybase's
       acquisition of NEON would provides us with processes, integration
       technology, portal servers and other elements critical for our growth in
       this area.

Strengthen our Market Position

     - We believe the combination of Sybase and NEON will strengthen our
       position in the emerging e-business marketplace. Acquisition of NEON's
       technology would broaden Sybase's e-business platform, enabling it to
       respond to customer demand by providing products complimentary to
       Sybase's application server, replication server and messaging middleware.
       We believe an enhanced e-business platform would meet the needs of
       customers interested in maximizing and integrating all business
       interactions, from the consumer to suppliers and the back-office.

     - We believe the combination of Sybase and NEON will enable us to
       strengthen our market presence by broadening the total number of products
       available to customers and allowing customers to develop e-business
       solutions faster.