The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
BACKGROUND

    Prior to entering into merger discussions with Energy East, RGS Energy had
carefully followed the developments in the electric and natural gas industries
in the northeastern United States and, in particular, the deregulation and
restructuring of the electric and natural gas industries in New York State. In
response, RGS Energy's management and board of directors from time to time
consulted with Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, RGS Energy's financial
advisor, and reviewed various strategic

alternatives, including remaining an independent public company, the possibility
of acquisitions or mergers with other companies and other transactions.

     In mid-August 2000, Wesley W. von Schack, Energy East's Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer, contacted Thomas S. Richards, RGS Energy's
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, by telephone to discuss
informally the merits of a possible transaction between Energy East and RGS
Energy. Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards broadly discussed the potential value
and strategic benefits that could be recognized by the shareholders of Energy
East and RGS Energy as a result of the combination of the two companies.

     On August 16, 2000, the RGS Energy board met for its annual strategy
meeting. Prior to that meeting, Mr. Richards reviewed with certain members of
the RGS Energy board his discussion with Mr. von Schack.

     Throughout September 2000, additional discussions of a preliminary nature
between Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards periodically took place by telephone.
 Such discussions generally explored the interest of each company in a possible
transaction.

    On September 8, 2000, Energy East and RGS Energy executed a confidentiality
agreement to facilitate the exchange of information. The confidentiality
agreement included a standstill provision that precluded each company from
acquiring any shares of the other or making an offer to acquire the other
company other than pursuant to a negotiated transaction.

    On September 20, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the RGS Energy
board, Mr. Richards briefed the RGS Energy board on his discussions with
Mr. von Schack. Although the RGS Energy board considered Mr. Richards'
conversations with Mr. von Schack to be at that time very preliminary, it
authorized Mr. Richards to continue exploratory discussions with Energy East.

    On September 25, 2000, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards met in Rochester, New
York to discuss in more detail the potential benefits that could be realized as
a result of the combination of Energy East and RGS Energy, including
post-transaction competitive positioning, the possibility of achieving potential
cost savings and the potential regulatory treatment of a business combination.
At that time, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards determined that Kenneth M.
Jasinski, Energy East's Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,
and Michael T. Tomaino, RGS Energy's Senior Vice President and General Counsel,
would coordinate the exchange of confidential financial and other information.
Throughout October and November 2000, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards
communicated from time to time by telephone to discuss issues related to the
electric and gas utilities industries in general and in New York State in
particular, the possibility of a transaction between Energy East and RGS Energy
and various preliminary concerns related to such a transaction. Additionally,
Mr. Jasinski and Mr. Tomaino spoke periodically by telephone to discuss the
types of information that would be required by their respective senior
management teams and financial and legal advisors in order to prepare
operational, financial and legal analyses, the process related to the exchange
of such information and the conduct of full-scale due diligence reviews.

    On October 13, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Energy East
board, Mr. von Schack reported to the Energy East directors that he was having
discussions with Mr. Richards regarding a possible transaction with RGS Energy.

    On October 18, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the RGS Energy
board, Mr. Richards updated the RGS Energy directors on the status of his
discussions with Energy East. At that meeting, Morgan Stanley and Shearman &
Sterling, RGS Energy's outside legal counsel, advised the RGS Energy board with
respect to the financial aspects of, and their legal duties regarding, a
possible transaction with Energy East.

    On November 7, 2000, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards met in New York City to
continue their discussion related to the mutual benefits that potentially could
be realized as a result of a combination of Energy East and RGS Energy.

    On November 15, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the executive
committee of the RGS Energy board, Mr. Richards updated the members of the
executive committee on the status of his discussions with Energy East.

    On November 30, 2000, members of the senior management teams of Energy East
and RGS Energy and Morgan Stanley met in New York City to exchange and discuss
the information previously requested through Mr. Jasinski and Mr. Tomaino and to
determine whether a basis existed for proceeding with discussions. Later that
evening, Messrs. von Schack, Richards, Jasinski and Tomaino met in New York City
and, based upon discussions with their respective senior management teams,
agreed to continue discussions with respect to a possible transaction.

    On December 6, 2000, at a special meeting of the Energy East board held for
other purposes, Mr. von Schack updated the Energy East directors on the status
of his discussions with RGS Energy.

    On December 13, 2000, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards met in Rochester, New
York to discuss more specifically the terms of a possible transaction, including
the type of consideration, structure of the transaction, organizational issues,
regulatory issues and approvals, historical events and the transaction process.
At that meeting, Mr. von Schack indicated that Energy East would consider
offering a price per share of RGS Energy common stock of $35.00.

    On December 19, 2000, members of the senior management teams of Energy East
and RGS Energy met in New York City with Morgan Stanley to discuss general
regulatory matters, including the regulatory approvals required in connection
with a possible transaction between Energy East and RGS Energy, and,
specifically, to discuss issues related to the New York regulated operations of
Energy East.

    On December 20, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the RGS Energy
board of directors, the possibility of a transaction between Energy East and RGS
Energy was again presented by Mr. Richards. After discussing the potential
transaction in general terms, the RGS Energy board of directors agreed that it
would be in the best interest of RGS Energy and its shareholders to continue
pursuing discussions with Energy East.

    On December 21, 2000, Mr. Richards telephoned Mr. von Schack to advise him
that the RGS Energy board had approved further discussions with Energy East and
to discuss further the terms of the potential transaction. During that call,
Mr. Richards also stated that the RGS Energy board had indicated that a value of
$35.00 per share of RGS Energy common stock was unsatisfactory.

    On January 6, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Energy East
board, Mr. von Schack updated the Energy East directors on the status of his
discussions with RGS Energy.

    On January 8, 2001, members of the senior management team of Energy East,
together with Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, Energy East's outside legal
counsel, and members of the senior management team of RGS Energy, together with
Morgan Stanley and Shearman & Sterling, met in New York City to discuss further
the terms of the transaction, financial forecasts, the necessary regulatory
approvals, the continued exchange of information and the benefits of engaging a
synergy consultant. Deloitte Consulting L.P. was then retained to assist the
management of each company in evaluating the potential cost savings that could
result from the proposed transaction.

    On January 17, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the RGS Energy
board of directors, Mr. Richards updated the RGS Energy board of directors on
the status of discussions with Energy East. After discussion, the RGS Energy
board authorized Mr. Richards to continue pursuing discussions with Energy East.

    On January 20, 2001, senior officers of Energy East, including Mr. von
Schack, and senior officers of RGS Energy, including Mr. Richards, and their
legal advisors, together with Morgan Stanley, met in New York City to discuss
the terms of a possible transaction, including post-transaction corporate
governance and management, the location of headquarters and operations, the
consolidation of New York regulated operations, the effect on employees and
other constituencies and other issues. Following that meeting, Mr. von Schack
and Mr. Richards met separately to discuss valuation.

    From January 29 through February 4, 2001, Energy East's senior management,
its financial advisor, UBS Warburg LLC, and its legal advisors conducted legal
and financial due diligence with respect to RGS Energy in Rochester, New York.

    On January 30, 2001, Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards met in New York City to
discuss the status of the proposed transaction. At that meeting, Mr. von Schack
and Mr. Richards discussed the potential strategic benefits of the proposed
transaction, the related regulatory plan, Energy East's preliminary views of its
due diligence review of RGS Energy and the scheduling of RGS Energy's due
diligence review of Energy East. Mr. von Schack and Mr. Richards also discussed
the timing of the proposed transaction and continued their discussion with
respect to dividend policy, location of headquarters and operations and the
effect on employees and other constituencies.

    On February 7, 2001, at a special meeting of the RGS Energy board of
directors, Mr. Richards updated the RGS Energy board of directors on the status
of discussions with Energy East. Morgan Stanley and Shearman & Sterling made
presentations to the RGS Energy board of directors concerning various financial
and legal aspects of the transaction and the RGS Energy board of directors
discussed the business, financial and legal issues that would be presented by a
transaction with Energy East. After discussion, the RGS Energy board of
directors authorized Mr. Richards to continue discussions with Energy East.

    On February 8, 2001, the senior managements of Energy East and RGS Energy,
together with Morgan Stanley, met with Deloitte Consulting in New York City to
review a preliminary analysis with respect to potential cost savings.

    During the period from February 8 to February 16, 2001, representatives of
Energy East and RGS Energy and their respective legal counsel negotiated the
specific terms of the merger agreement, including the conditions to the offer,
the interim covenants, the circumstances under which termination fees would be
payable, the non-solicitation provisions, the efforts required to obtain
regulatory approvals and the circumstances in which the parties could terminate
the merger agreement.

    On February 9, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Energy East
board, presentations by Energy East's senior management and its legal and
financial advisors were made concerning various legal and financial aspects of
the transaction.

    During the period from February 9 to February 14, 2001, the senior
management team of RGS Energy, together with its legal, accounting and financial
advisors, conducted legal, accounting and financial due diligence with respect
to Energy East in New York City.

    On February 13, 2001, representatives of Energy East and RGS Energy met in
New York City to discuss financial and operational information about both
companies and to continue their due diligence examination of the business and
operations of both companies. Representatives of UBS Warburg were present at
that meeting. Also on February 13, 2001, the senior management for Energy East
and the senior management of RGS Energy met with Deloitte Consulting in New York
City to discuss a final analysis with respect to potential cost savings.
On February 14, 2001, representatives of UBS Warburg spoke with
representatives of Morgan Stanley. In that conversation, UBS Warburg, on behalf
of Energy East, made a final proposal of $39.50 per share of RGS Energy common
stock, with the stock portion subject to a 15% collar (based upon the closing
price of Energy East common stock on February 15, 2001).

    On February 16, 2001, Energy East held a special meeting of its board of
directors. After discussion, which included updates regarding the financial and
legal aspects of the proposed transaction from UBS Warburg and Wachtell, Lipton,
UBS Warburg delivered its opinion to the effect that as of that date the
consideration to be paid by Energy East pursuant to the merger agreement was
fair from a financial point of view to Energy East and the Energy East board of
directors unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement.

    Also on February 16, 2001, RGS Energy held a special meeting of its board of
legal aspects of the proposed transaction from Morgan Stanley and Shearman &
Sterling, Morgan Stanley delivered its opinion to the effect that as of that
date the consideration to be received by holders of shares of RGS Energy common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view
to those holders and the RGS Energy board of directors unanimously approved and
adopted the merger agreement.

    Later that day, Energy East and RGS Energy executed the merger agreement and
Mr. Richards' employment agreement. On February 20, 2001, the companies issued a
joint press release announcing the merger.

RGS ENERGY REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE RGS ENERGY BOARD OF
  DIRECTORS


    At its special meeting on February 16, 2001, after due consideration, the
RGS Energy board unanimously determined that the terms of the merger are fair
to, and in the best interests of, RGS Energy and its shareholders. The RGS
Energy board unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement, the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Accordingly,
the RGS Energy board of directors unanimously recommends that RGS Energy
shareholders vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

    In reaching its recommendation, the RGS Energy board of directors considered
a number of factors, including the following:

    - TRANSACTION FINANCIAL TERMS/PREMIUM TO MARKET PRICE.  The RGS Energy board
      considered the relationship of the consideration to be paid in the merger
      to recent and historical market prices of RGS Energy shares. The
      consideration of $39.50 per RGS Energy share represents a 19.3% premium
      over the $33.10 closing price of RGS Energy shares on February 16, 2001
      (the last trading day prior to the announcement of the merger agreement),
      a 34.2% premium over the $29.44 closing price of RGS Energy shares on
      January 18, 2001 and a 57.6% premium over the $25.06 average closing price
      of RGS Energy shares for the 12 months ending on February 16, 2001. The
      RGS Energy board believed that $39.50 was the highest per share
      consideration that could be negotiated with Energy East.