The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Blue Wave Systems Inc & Motorola Inc:
Background  

    The Motorola Computer Group and Blue Wave Systems are actively involved in providing discrete portions of a telecommunications platform to leading
telecommunication original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). For the past several years, Blue Wave Systems has been a participant in the Motorola Computer Group's Partners Program, whose purpose is to
address a growing need expressed by the OEMs for more complete and integrated solutions. As a result, collaboration between Blue Wave Systems and the Motorola Computer Group has been extensive.
More recently, the OEMs have expressed an interest in outsourcing whole platforms to vendors who can provide robust, function-rich, high-availability systems rather than
just discrete portions or loosely-integrated modules. Many suppliers in this market have recognized this opportunity. 

    Representatives
from the Motorola Computer Group and Blue Wave Systems began exploring on a preliminary basis the merits of a business partnership on several occasions during 1999 and
2000. As these discussions became more detailed, a mutual non-disclosure agreement was executed by Motorola and Blue Wave Systems in September 1999 to facilitate further discussions
regarding a joint business relationship between the parties. As the year 2000 progressed, it became increasingly clear to the
management teams of both the Motorola Computer Group and Blue Wave Systems that, as independent suppliers, they would become increasingly marginal participants in a growing market.
In
August 2000, the Motorola Computer Group presented its strategy for addressing the OEM opportunity to a panel of senior Motorola officers and received approval to further
explore an acquisition of Blue Wave Systems. In early October 2000, executives from Motorola and Blue Wave Systems met in Loughborough, England to discuss the desirability of a business
combination. In mid-October 2000, Motorola requested a period of exclusivity from Blue Wave Systems during which it could conduct a due diligence investigation of Blue Wave Systems'
operations. At that time, Blue Wave Systems informed Motorola that it was in the process of engaging a financial advisor. 

    On
October 26, 2000, the Blue Wave Systems board of directors met to discuss: 


the
strategic necessity of a merger;


status of discussions with Motorola; and


process of determining the interest of other parties. 

    The
Blue Wave Systems board of directors concluded that further discussions with Motorola and others were in the best interests of Blue Wave Systems and its stockholders, and they
retained Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. to serve as financial advisor with respect to an acquisition transaction.


October 30, 2000, Bear Stearns informed Motorola that they would be conducting an accelerated solicitation of other potentially interested parties. Bear Stearns informed
Motorola on November 13, 2000 that Motorola would need to submit a formal acquisition bid as part of an auction process being conducted by Bear Stearns on behalf of Blue Wave Systems. On
November 16, 2000, Motorola submitted an all cash bid of $165 million, assuming exercise of all outstanding in-the-money employee stock options and retention of
all cash proceeds of these exercises by Blue Wave Systems, subject to satisfactory completion of Motorola's due diligence of Blue Wave Systems and review and approval by Motorola senior executives. At
Bear Stearns' request, a draft copy of a proposed merger agreement based on a cash tender offer was sent to Blue Wave Systems and its advisors on November 28, 2000.
December 4, 2000, at a special meeting of the Blue Wave Systems board of directors, Bear Stearns reviewed with the board of directors the companies that had expressed an
interest in a strategic relationship with Blue Wave Systems and the terms of their proposals. Motorola was discussed as a possible candidate for a business combination, and the board of directors was
again briefed on the proposal received from Motorola. The Blue Wave Systems board of directors approved further discussions with Motorola and asked to be kept informed of further developments. Blue
Wave Systems management executed a sixty-day exclusivity agreement with Motorola on December 4, 2000 in order to facilitate finalization of the terms of a transaction and to allow
Motorola to conduct due diligence and obtain internal approvals. 

    Motorola
began its due diligence activities on December 6, 2000 in the Dallas offices of Bear Stearns. In light of the continued deterioration of market value in the technology
sector, alternative structures for an eventual acquisition of Blue Wave Systems were discussed within Motorola. Subsequently, the parties discussed the possibility of a stock transaction, due in part
to the tax benefits to Blue Wave Systems stockholders which Blue Wave Systems management and advisors had expressed a desire to pursue. Ultimately, Motorola determined that it was also in its best
interests to utilize its stock as consideration for the acquisition of Blue Wave Systems. On December 20, 2000 Motorola informed Blue Wave Systems that it intended to adjust its offer to a
stock-for-stock offer of 5.7 million shares of Motorola common stock.
January 3, 2001, Bear Stearns informed Motorola that the Blue Wave Systems board of directors had not yet met to consider the revised proposal, but that initial informal
discussions suggested a lack of support. Bear Stearns indicated that Motorola should reconsider its position and improve its offer after Motorola's January 10, 2001 earnings announcement. On
January 12, 2001, Blue Wave Systems proposed that Motorola offer the greater of 6 million shares of Motorola common stock or $145 million worth of Motorola common stock. This
proposal was reviewed with Motorola senior management and on January 18, 2001, Motorola counter-proposed with 6.5 million shares, but with a floor of $135 million worth of
Motorola common stock, below which the parties could take alternative actions. Subsequent discussions led to an addition to Motorola's proposal of a maximum value of $165 million worth of
Motorola common stock. Motorola detailed this counter-offer, subject to the approval of the Motorola board of directors and finalization of a definitive merger agreement, in correspondence to Blue
Wave Systems on January 22, 2001. Motorola offered to waive its rights to exclusivity if the Blue Wave Systems board of directors was not interested in further pursuing the merger. 

Blue Wave Systems board of directors approved moving forward with the Motorola counter-offer at a special meeting on January 24, 2001. At a regular meeting of the Motorola
board of directors on January 30, 2001, Motorola management briefed the board of directors on the proposed merger and the Motorola board approved the transaction, subject to satisfactory
completion of due diligence and 

finalization of a definitive merger agreement and related agreements. Motorola formally requested and received from Blue Wave Systems management a two-week extension of the exclusivity
period.

    From
late January 2001 through the signing date of the final merger agreement on February 20, 2001, Motorola and Blue Wave Systems, together with their advisors,
continued to negotiate the terms and structure of the merger and the merger agreement, as well as the voting agreement and the stock option agreement. In addition, Motorola continued its due diligence
investigation of Blue Wave Systems. Also during this period Motorola and Blue Wave Systems began conducting conversations with a small number of Blue Wave Systems employees considered critical to the
future success of the company. The execution of contingent employment agreements by these employees with Motorola was a condition to signing the merger agreement.
February 13, 2001, a special telephonic meeting of the Blue Wave Systems board of directors was convened. Senior management of Blue Wave Systems reported on the progress of
Blue Wave Systems' negotiations with Motorola and made a presentation with respect to their recommendation that the Blue Wave Systems board of directors approve the transaction with Motorola. The Blue
Wave Systems board of directors reviewed the financial aspects of the proposed transaction with Bear Stearns. At the meeting, Bear Stearns rendered its oral opinion to the Blue Wave Systems board of
directors to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions stated in the opinion, the exchange ratio between Blue Wave Systems and Motorola was fair,
from a financial point of view, to the Blue Wave Systems stockholders. Blue Wave Systems' legal advisors reviewed for the Blue Wave Systems board of directors the terms and provisions of the merger
agreement, the voting agreement, the stock option agreement and related agreements that had been negotiated with Motorola and its advisors. In addition, Blue Wave Systems' legal counsel advised the
Blue Wave Systems board of directors with respect to their fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed strategic merger. After discussion and consideration, the Blue Wave Systems board of
directors voted unanimously to approve the merger, the merger agreement, the voting agreement, the stock option agreement and all related transactions, and to recommend to the Blue Wave Systems
stockholders that they adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. From February 13, 2001 through February 20, 2001, Motorola continued to negotiate the contingent offer
agreements with certain employees of Blue Wave Systems.
merger agreement, the voting agreement and the stock option agreement were executed during the evening of February 20, 2001. On February 21, 2001, before the opening
of trading on NASDAQ, Blue Wave Systems and Motorola issued a joint press release to announce the proposed merger, and later in the morning conducted joint conference calls open to all interested
parties. 

    Subsequent
to the announcement, stock prices in general and technology stock prices in particular declined. From the date of announcement of the initial merger to April 4,
2001, the trading price for Motorola's common stock declined from $18.25 to $14.05 per share, or 23%. The trading price for Blue Wave Systems' common stock also declined from $7.94 to $5.50, or
approximately 31%, during the same period. Market capitalization for a peer group for Blue Wave Systems declined 44% during the same period. As a result of the significant change in market valuations
for both companies and their peer groups, several informal discussions were held during March 2001 to discuss whether and how to proceed with the merger. Both parties considered: 


near-term likelihood of Motorola's common stock trading at a level that would place the merger consideration in a range above the floor
originally set forth in the merger agreement;


whether
a closing would occur at certain levels below the floor merger value;


possibility of Motorola issuing additional shares;


parties lowering the applicable floor on market value for the merger; and


overall volatility for technology stocks in the current environment.







April 4, 2001, the Blue Wave Systems and Motorola management teams and their advisors met in Northbrook, Illinois to discuss the framework for a revised merger proposal.
During that meeting, the parties discussed amending the current merger agreement such that Motorola would add 750,000 shares of its common stock to the merger consideration, resulting in a total of
approximately 7,250,000 shares to be issued by Motorola in connection with the merger, subject to approval from the Blue Wave Systems board of directors and Motorola senior management. In addition,
the parties discussed removing any upper or lower value limitations and adjustments. As a result, the exchange ratio would be fixed at 0.443.
April 11, 2001, the Blue Wave Systems board of directors held a special telephonic meeting to consider the proposals negotiated by the company representatives at the meeting
in Northbrook. Blue Wave Systems' representatives and Bear Stearns discussed the negotiations and the possible alternatives to a merger with Motorola, including the lack of any other current
candidates to become a strategic partner with Blue Wave Systems. Bear Stearns discussed the general outlook for technology companies and provided information regarding peer group companies similar to
Blue Wave Systems and Motorola. The board also discussed the uncertainty in the stock market and the possibility of future performance issues that may affect Motorola, in light of the removal of any
floor on the value of the merger. The board also considered the likelihood of future improved performance of Motorola and the benefits that the merger may provide under those circumstances. After
discussion and consideration, the Blue Wave Systems board of directors voted unanimously to approve the proposed increase in the number of shares to be received, but requested that Bear Stearns and
Blue Wave Systems' management attempt to impose a floor on the value of the transaction. 

April 11, 2001 through April 20, 2001, Motorola and Blue Wave Systems continued discussions regarding the merits of a floor on the transaction value in light of
on-going market volatility. The parties ultimately concluded that the increase of 750,000 shares was sufficient additional consideration in lieu of a transaction value floor given current
market conditions.
April 23, 2001, a special telephonic meeting of the Blue Wave Systems board of directors was convened. A quorum of the board of directors was present, but
Messrs. Forrest and Davis, both of whom were unavailable due to international travel, were not in attendance. Senior management of Blue Wave Systems and Bear Stearns discussed the proposed
changes to the agreements, the changes in the stock market environment, and the results of their due diligence review of Motorola. Bear Stearns updated its due diligence and market assessment and
accordingly rendered its oral opinion to the Blue Wave Systems board of directors to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions stated in the opinion,
the exchange ratio provided for in the proposed amendment to the merger agreement between Blue Wave Systems and Motorola was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Blue Wave Systems
stockholders. Blue Wave Systems' legal advisors reviewed for the Blue Wave Systems board of directors the terms and provisions of the amendment to the merger agreement and the amendment to the stock
option agreement that had been negotiated with Motorola and its advisors. In addition, Blue Wave Systems' legal counsel again advised the Blue Wave Systems board of directors with respect to their
fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed strategic merger. After discussion and consideration, the Blue Wave Systems board of directors who attended the special meeting voted unanimously to
approve the merger, the revised merger agreement, the revised stock option agreement and all related transactions, and to recommend to the Blue Wave Systems stockholders that they adopt the merger
agreement and approve the merger.
amendment to the merger agreement and the amendment to the stock option agreement were executed after the close of business on April 24, 2001. On April 24, 2001,
after the close of trading on the NASDAQ, Blue Wave Systems and Motorola issued a joint press release to announce the revised terms to the proposed merger. 

    Based
upon the trading price of Motorola common stock on [     ] , 2001, the last full trading day for which closing prices were available at the
time of the printing of this proxy statement/ 

prospectus, the value of the merger consideration was approximately $[  ] million or $[  ] per share of Blue Wave Systems
common stock. 

Motorola's Reasons for the Merger  

    Telecommunications OEMs have historically sourced many of the individual functional portions of their product platforms from many different vendors.
This method of platform procurement required considerable supply chain and engineering resources to complete the mechanical, electronic, and software integration of these parts into a platform. These
platforms, while having a direct effect on cost and reliability of the overall systems, were not the basis of competitive advantage at the OEM level. Rather, the OEMs generally competed based
on applications, products and services which they added
above the platform functionality. This process was resource intensive and occupied a considerable percentage of the overall development time and budget. 

    Recently,
these OEMs have been increasing the focus of their own resources on value-added product and services and have increasingly looked to their supply base to provide
complete platforms which have robust functionality, are fully integrated, and have certifiable high availability. The OEMs derive two benefits from this strategic shift, namely, significant
reductions in their time-to-market with new products and cost reductions in their own organizations and those of their supply chain.