The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Oshman's Sporting Goods Inc & Gart Sports Co:
Background of the Merger

   As a result of Gart and Oshman's both being significant companies in the
retail sporting goods industry, members of the senior management of Gart and
Oshman's have been familiar with each other for several years. In early July
2000, John Douglas Morton, chief executive officer of Gart, contacted Alvin
Lubetkin, chief executive officer of Oshman's, by telephone, and the parties
raised the possibility that Gart and Oshman's might explore a business
combination. The companies executed a confidentiality agreement dated July 18,
2000. Mr. Morton flew to Houston on July 25, 2000 to discuss with Mr. Lubetkin
the possibility of commencing an exchange of information about the companies
that might lead to negotiations for a combination of Gart and Oshman's.

   Mr. Lubetkin informed the members of the Oshman's board of directors that he
had commenced preliminary discussions with Gart. Mr. Lubetkin received informal
approval from the Oshman's board to proceed with further discussions and to
gather information regarding the possible engagement of an investment banking
firm to serve as financial advisor to the company.

   Subsequent to the execution of the confidentiality agreement, Gart's
representatives requested financial information from Oshman's in order to
perform a valuation of Oshman's and to propose a purchase price. Oshman's
furnished certain of the requested information, and representatives of Gart
conducted a due diligence investigation of Oshman's. Gart also furnished
certain information to Oshman's.

   On August 6, 2000, Gart delivered an offer letter to Oshman's in which Gart
proposed to combine with Oshman's in exchange for a combination of cash and
shares of Gart common stock with a combined value of $10.00 for each share of
Oshman's common stock. Gart did not propose a precise mix of cash and stock.

   At a meeting on August 16, 2000, the Oshman's board of directors reviewed
the Gart proposal and received a presentation from Financo, Inc. The board
authorized the retention of Financo as financial advisor to Oshman's and
authorized Mr. Lubetkin and other appropriate members of the company's
management to explore further the Gart proposal.

   During September 2000, members of Gart's and Oshman's management and their
respective financial advisors held meetings and continued to exchange and
review financial and other information about the companies. Gart and Oshman's
executed an exclusivity letter in which both parties agreed that they would not
negotiate a business combination with any third parties through September 30,
2000.

   At a meeting on September 19, 2000, the Oshman's board of directors reviewed
the progress of discussions with Gart and authorized management and Financo to
continue with their efforts.

   On October 4, 2000, Gart delivered an offer letter to Oshman's in which Gart
shares of Gart common stock with a combined value of $12.00 for each share of
Oshman's common stock. Gart did not propose a precise mix of cash and stock,
but it did indicate that at least 50% would be in cash. Gart proposed, as part
of the offer letter, that Oshman's would agree not to enter into any agreement
or other commitment, or participate in any discussions or negotiations,
relating to a business combination or other similar transaction with any party
other than Gart, until after November 15, 2000. Oshman's did not agree to an
exclusivity arrangement, but did continue discussions with Gart with respect to
the possible transaction.
In the course of further discussions between members of Gart's and Oshman's
management and financial advisors, Oshman's made several counter proposals to
Gart's offer letter, proposing various transaction structures at various
purchase prices above $12.00 per share of Oshman's common stock.

   Gart responded to Oshman's counter proposals through a letter, dated October
12, 2000, in which Gart reaffirmed its proposed purchase price of $12.00 per
share of Oshman's common stock and provided a detailed analysis of the
transaction and integration expenses in support of its proposed purchase price.

   On October 23, 2000, Oshman's responded to Gart's October 12 letter with its
own analysis of the transaction and integration expenses and stated that Mr.
Lubetkin hoped to meet with Mr. Morton to discuss whether negotiations for a
business combination between Gart and Oshman's would continue.

   On October 30, 2000, Mr. Lubetkin and Financo made a presentation to Gart's
management and to Leonard Green and Partners, L.P., a financial advisor to
Gart, that discussed Oshman's strengths and the potential benefits that a
combination of the companies might bring to stockholders. Mr. Lubetkin
encouraged Gart to increase the value of its proposal and set forth several
options for structuring a possible transaction.
On November 2, 2000, Gart sent a letter to Oshman's, increasing the proposed
consideration to $7.00 in cash plus 0.55 shares of Gart common stock for each
share of Oshman's common stock. Using the average closing price of Gart common
stock during the previous thirty days, the letter stated that the combined
value would be $13.86 per share of Oshman's common stock. Shortly thereafter,
Financo notified Gart that Oshman's was not prepared to agree to the revised
purchase price. Gart responded with a letter dated November 7, 2000 in which it
indicated that the proposed purchase price, as set forth in the November 2,
2000 letter, would remain open until after the meeting of the Oshman's board of
directors scheduled for November 14, 2000.

   On November 14, 2000, Mr. Morton and Thomas Hendrickson, chief financial
officer of Gart, made a presentation to Oshman's board of directors in Houston,
Texas, outlining the terms of the proposed transaction between Gart and
Oshman's, and the benefits of the transaction to both Gart and Oshman's.

   At a meeting on November 14th, following the Gart presentation, the Oshman's
board of directors discussed the current Gart proposal and reviewed a
presentation from Financo. The board then unanimously authorized management to
continue serious negotiations with Gart, with a view toward negotiating a
definitive merger agreement for submission to the board for its consideration.

   Following Oshman's communication to Gart that it was willing to proceed with
negotiations, the parties requested financial and other additional
documentation from each other to complete their respective due diligence
investigations. On November 20, 2000, the parties executed an exclusivity
letter that would continue until December 31, 2000. During the course of the
due diligence investigation of Oshman's, Gart representatives made several
trips to Houston to complete the financial, legal and business due diligence.
Oshman's likewise traveled to Denver and worked to complete its due diligence
investigation of Gart.

   In early December 2000, Gart presented Oshman's with a draft of a proposed
merger agreement and other related documents, reflecting the parties' tentative
agreement at that time on merger consideration consisting of $7.00 in cash and
0.55 shares of Gart common stock. Management and legal counsel for both Gart
and Oshman's exchanged preliminary comments and made revisions to the drafts
during December.

   Following the expiration on December 31, 2000 of the exclusivity letter
between the parties, Gart delivered a letter to Oshman's on January 3, 2001
proposing a renewed exclusivity period of 30 days and conditioned its continued
work toward a possible transaction on receiving Oshman's agreement by the end
of business on January 5, 2001.

   On January 5, 2001, Oshman's delivered a letter to Gart that requested an
increase in Gart's proposed purchase price to $7.00 in cash plus 0.67 shares of
Gart common stock for each share of Oshman's common stock. The letter also
proposed an exclusivity period through January 18, 2001 and requested Gart's
agreement by January 9, 2001.

   On January 5, 2001, Gart responded to Oshman's letter with a letter stating
that it would cease doing any further work on a possible business combination
between the two companies.

   During the first week of January 2001, all members of the Oshman's board of
directors were kept apprised of the course of negotiations with Gart and other
developments. At the request of Mr. Lubetkin and the Oshman's board, Financo
had discussions with another sporting goods retailer to explore its interest in
pursuing a possible transaction with Oshman's. That company indicated that it
was not interested in pursuing discussions at the purchase price levels then
being discussed with Gart.

   During the second week of January 2001, Mr. Lubetkin and Mr. Morton agreed
to reinstate negotiations for a definitive merger agreement premised upon
merger consideration of $7.00 in cash and 0.55 shares of Gart common stock for
each share of Oshman's common stock. The two companies agreed to continue
efforts to finalize their respective due diligence investigations and to
complete drafts of agreements that could be considered by their respective
boards of directors.
From the second week of January 2001 through February 21, 2001, Gart and
Oshman's negotiated the terms of the definitive merger agreement and related
documents, including: voting agreements between Gart and certain stockholders
of Oshman's; a voting agreement between Oshman's and Green Equity Investors,
L.P., the holder of approximately 64% of Gart's outstanding common stock;
indemnification agreements between Gart and certain stockholders of Oshman's
who would execute voting agreements; a registration rights agreement between
Gart and certain stockholders of Oshman's whose shares of Gart common stock
were not expected to be freely tradable; drafts of consulting and non-
competition agreements with Gart to be executed at closing by Mr. Lubetkin and
Marilyn Oshman, chairman of Oshman's board of directors; and certain other
documents necessary for the completion of the merger.

   Gart's board of directors met on 4 different occasions between August 2000
and February 21, 2001, and reviewed all material aspects of the proposed
business combination, including the draft documents, issues that arose in
negotiations with Oshman's, the report by Gart's management's on its valuation
of Oshman's, and due diligence reports on Oshman's.

   During 2001, Oshman's board of directors met on three different occasions,
January 17, February 2, and February 21, and reviewed all material aspects of
the proposed business combination, including the draft documents, issues that
arose in negotiations with Gart, due diligence reports on Gart, and
presentations from Oshman's legal counsel, financial advisors and accounting
firm.

   On February 21, 2001, Gart and the current lender for both Gart and
Oshman's, The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc., entered into a commitment letter
for a $300 million revolving credit facility to be implemented prior to the
closing of the potential combination of the two companies. A copy of the
commitment letter was delivered to Oshman's.

   At the February 21 meeting of the Oshman's board of directors, Financo
delivered its opinion to the board as to the fairness, from a financial point
of view, of the consideration to the holders of Oshman's common stock. After
deliberation, the Oshman's board unanimously approved the merger agreement and
recommended that the Oshman's stockholders adopt the merger agreement and
approve the merger.

   Gart and Oshman's executed the merger agreement and certain related
documents on the evening of February 21, 2001 and finalized the execution and
delivery of additional documents the next day. The parties formally delivered
all agreements and issued a press release after the markets closed on February
22, 2001.

Gart's Reasons for the Merger

   On February 9, 2001, Gart's board of directors voted to enter into the
merger agreement and to recommend that Gart's stockholders approve the issuance
of Gart common stock in the merger. In evaluating the merger, Gart's board of
directors considered all relevant factors and information, including the
following positive factors:

  .  the strategic fit between Gart and Oshman's, including the opportunity
     for synergies and cost savings;

  .  the complementary geographical locations of the stores operated by Gart
     and Oshman's;

  .  Gart's ability to enjoy significant future expansion and growth as a
     result of the combination with Oshman's;

  .  Gart's ability to access the greater resources of the combined company
     after the merger;



  .  the fact that the merger would enable the combined company to realize
     significant operating synergies, including increased purchasing power
     with its vendors, reduced corporate overhead as a percentage of sales,
     and the consolidation of sales and marketing organization;

  .  the increased growth potential that may result from a combination of
     Gart and Oshman's, including as a result of the combined company's
     superior asset base, geographic diversification, portfolio of growth
     opportunities, operating skills, financial stability and strength;

  .  the opportunity for Gart's stockholders to participate in the potential
     for growth of the combined company after the merger;

  .  the anticipated increased liquidity of Gart common stock after the
     merger due to expected increases in trading in Gart common stock as a
     result of the combined company's expanded stockholder base;

  .  the board's understanding of conditions currently affecting the retail
     sporting goods industry, including recent trends towards consolidation
     of the generally fragmented industry;

  .  the fact that Green Equity Investors, L.P., the largest holder of Gart
     common stock, agreed to support the merger;

  .  the advice provided to the Gart board by Stephens Inc., which acted as a
     financial advisor to Gart in connection with the merger;

  .  the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including:

    .  the nature of the parties' representations, warranties, covenants
       and agreements, which Gart's board believed would provide a
       reasonable degree of certainty that the merger would be completed;
       and


    .  the provisions that restrict the ability of Oshman's, subject to the
       conditions and procedures described in the merger agreement, to
       enter into transactions with other potential acquirors; and

  .  reports from management and advisors to Gart as to the results of their
     due diligence investigation of Oshman's.

   Gart's board of directors also considered a variety of potentially negative
factors concerning the merger, including the following:

  .  the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
     fully realized;

  .  the fact that as a result of the merger, the benefits of Gart's long-
     term strategic plan would be shared by stockholders of Oshman's rather
     than enjoyed solely by Gart's stockholders;

  .  the potential adverse effects on Gart's business, operations and
     financial condition if the merger is not completed following public
     announcement of the merger agreement;

  .  the costs associated with the merger, including merger-related
     transaction costs;

  .  the difficulties of integrating Gart with Oshman's and the management
     effort and costs required to complete the integration following the
     merger;

  .  the fact that, as a result of the merger, Gart's debt-to-equity ratio
     would increase and the combined company would therefore be subject to
     risks associated with increased leverage in the short term; and

  .  the other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement-
     prospectus under "Risk Factors."


Gart's board considered these negative factors together with its consideration
of the continued operation of Gart as an independent company, but concluded
that, on balance, the potential benefits to Gart and its stockholders of the
merger outweighed the risks associated with the merger. One of the Gart
directors, Larry J. Hochberg, disagreed. He voted against the proposed
transaction based upon several considerations, including the price paid for
Oshman's, Gart's recent financial performance and the level of indebtedness to
be incurred in the transaction.

   The discussion above is not intended to be exhaustive, but Gart believes
that it includes all significant factors considered by Gart's board of
directors in connection with its evaluation of the merger. In light of the
number of factors and the variety of information that Gart's board of directors
considered, the board did not find it practicable to, and did not, assign any
specific or relative weights to the factors listed above. In addition,
individual directors may have given differing weights to different factors.

Oshman's Reasons for the Merger

   In evaluating the merger, Oshman's board of directors considered all
relevant factors and information, including the following positive factors:

  .  the strategic fit between Oshman's and Gart, including the opportunity

  .  the complementary geographical locations of the stores operated by
     Oshman's and Gart;

  .  the ability of Oshman's to have access to the greater resources of the
     combined company after the merger, including financing necessary for
     future development;



     Oshman's and Gart, including as a result of the combined company's

  .  the opportunity for Oshman's stockholders to participate in the
     potential for growth of the combined company after the merger;

  .  the fact that the consideration of $7.00 cash and 0.55 shares of Gart
     common stock to be received for each share of Oshman's common stock in
     the merger represented a premium of approximately 42.9% over the closing
     sales price of a share of Oshman's common stock on January 31, 2001;


  .  the opinion of Financo to Oshman's board of directors as to the
     fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to the
     holders of Oshman's common stock, as described below under "--Opinion of
     Oshman's Financial Advisor";

  .  the anticipated increased liquidity to Oshman's stockholders after the

  .  the fact that certain members of the Oshman's founding family, who are
     some of the largest holders of Oshman's common stock, agreed to support
     the merger;
