The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    During the summer of 1999, the parties engaged in preliminary discussions
with respect to a possible business combination or strategic transaction between
Aon and ASI. During these discussions, the parties addressed in general terms
the price and structure of a potential transaction. ASI also provided Aon with
preliminary due diligence materials. The parties terminated these discussions
before they reached a substantive stage.

     On June 21, 2000, Edward W. Straub, Executive Vice President of Aon
Consulting, a subsidiary of Aon, contacted Bernard F. Reynolds, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of ASI, and expressed an interest in renewing
discussions regarding a business combination transaction in which Aon would
acquire ASI. Following this initial contact, the parties engaged in several
discussions regarding the potential benefits of a business combination
transaction. These discussions were followed by an August 16, 2000 meeting
between Mr. Reynolds and Michael J. Mele, Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of ASI, and Donald Ingram, Chairman of Aon Consulting, and
Daniel F. Hunger, Senior Vice President of Aon Consulting. At this meeting,
Messrs. Reynolds and Mele made a presentation to the Aon participants regarding
ASI's business and operations and the company's financial performance, including
then current financial projections. Also at this meeting, the participants
continued to discuss in broad terms the proposed business combination
transaction between the two companies. On August 21, 2000, the parties executed
a confidentiality agreement which provided that each party would not disclose
and would keep confidential all non-public information provided to it by the
other party.
Following the events of August 2000, the parties began to have more
substantive discussions regarding the terms of a potential transaction.
Throughout the Fall, Mr. Reynolds had numerous discussions with Mr. Ingram, and
met with Patrick G. Ryan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aon, with
respect to the structure of the transaction, the price levels and the type of
consideration that ASI stockholders would receive (i.e., all cash, all Aon stock
or a combination of cash and Aon stock). Aon representatives expressed their
unwillingness to engage in an all cash transaction. Instead, Aon proposed a
transaction in which ASI's public stockholders would receive all cash for their
shares and the principal stockholders of ASI (Mr. Reynolds, Eli Salig and
Seymour Adler) would receive a combination of cash and Aon stock.

    On November 21, 2000, Aon forwarded a term sheet to Mr. Reynolds which set
forth the material terms of a proposed transaction in which (a) all ASI
stockholders, other than the principal stockholders, would receive $17.00 in
cash per share of ASI common stock and (b) the principal stockholders would
receive $1.95 in cash and $15.05 in value of Aon preferred stock for each share
of ASI common stock that they held. The transaction would be structured as a
cash tender offer for all outstanding shares of ASI common stock, other than
those held by the principal stockholders. The term sheet also provided for
Mr. Reynolds and other key ASI employees to enter into five-year non-compete and
two-year non-solicitation agreements upon the closing of the transaction.
Following the receipt of the November 21, 2000 term sheet, the parties engaged
in numerous discussions regarding the terms

and structure of the proposed transaction, including the terms of the preferred
stock to be received by the principal stockholders.

    Simultaneously with the distribution of the term sheet, Aon also provided
ASI with a written request for selected information for due diligence purposes.
Beginning on November 29, 2000 and over the next several weeks, representatives
of Aon visited ASI's "data room" and performed due diligence with respect to
ASI's business, including the review of legal and financial documents related to
ASI. During the course of the due diligence process, representatives from ASI
and Aon, including their respective legal counsel, discussed ASI's operations,
capital structure and other matters raised by Aon's due diligence. On
November 29, 2000, Messrs. Reynolds and Mele made a presentation concerning
ASI's business to the representatives of Aon visiting the "data room."
On December 14, 2000, the ASI Board of Directors held a meeting to discuss
the proposed transaction and the continuation of discussions with Aon regarding
the transaction. At this meeting, Mr. Reynolds made a presentation concerning
ASI's current operations, its historic performance and its future prospects in
light of industry and economic conditions. Following this presentation, the
members of the ASI Board discussed in length the terms of the proposed
transaction, including the proposal that the public stockholders and the
principal stockholders receive different types of consideration in the
transaction. The Board also discussed the potential conflicts of interest
presented by this proposal. After these discussions, the ASI Board unanimously
agreed to proceed with negotiations with Aon regarding the proposed transaction
and to hire an investment banking firm to render a fairness opinion letter with
respect to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to
be received by the public stockholders in the transaction. Following the
meeting, ASI contacted representatives of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. to discuss
their firm's interest in representing the company.

    Following December 14, 2000, the parties engaged in discussions regarding
the timing and structure of the proposed transaction. During these discussions,
the parties focused on the advantages and disadvantages of the various types of
transactions (e.g., merger or tender offer) and the ability of the parties to
structure the transaction as a tax-free reorganization for United States federal
income tax purposes. Following these discussions, the parties decided to further
consider a cash tender offer with respect to the shares of ASI common stock held
by the public stockholders, together with a tax-free rollover of the equity
interest in ASI held by the principal stockholders.
On December 21, 2000, the ASI Board of Directors held a meeting to further
consider the transaction and the potential conflicts of interest that had been
discussed at the previous meeting. In light of the potential conflicts, the ASI
Board appointed a Special Committee, consisting of Michael J. Boylan and David
Tory, to consider the proposed transaction and to make a recommendation to the
full Board as to whether the transaction was in the best interests of the ASI
stockholders. The members of the Special Committee were members of the ASI Board
who were not officers of ASI or any of its subsidiaries and who did not
otherwise have any potential conflicts with respect to the proposed transaction.
Also at this meeting, the ASI Board authorized the Special Committee to hire its
own advisors.

    Immediately following the December 21, 2000 meeting of the ASI Board of
Directors, the Special Committee held a meeting to discuss the status of the
proposed transaction. The Special Committee also retained Goodwin Procter LLP as
legal counsel for the transaction and Bear Stearns to render the fairness
opinion in connection with the transaction.

    On January 3, 2001, ASI received initial drafts of the merger agreement and
the agreement related to the rollover of the equity interest of the principal
stockholders. Following receipt of these initial drafts, the parties and their
respective legal counsel negotiated the terms of the agreements. These
negotiations focused on a variety of subjects, including (a) the scope of ASI's
representations and warranties, (b) the covenants governing ASI's operations
between signing and closing, (c) the conditions to the parties' respective
obligations to close the transaction, (d) the events giving rise to the parties'
respective rights to terminate the merger agreement, including ASI's ability to
terminate the agreement
if presented with the opportunity to consummate a more favorable transaction,
(e) the circumstances in which a termination fee would be paid, and (f) the
circumstances in which the rollover agreement would terminate. On January 8,
2001, the Special Committee held a meeting at which representatives of Goodwin
Procter reviewed the status of contract negotiations with Aon and
representatives from Bear Stearns discussed the status of their review of the
terms of the proposed transaction.

    During January 2001, the trading volume of ASI common stock increased
significantly from historical levels. The highest, single-day trading volume for
ASI common stock for the first half of January 2001 was 299,100 shares, as
compared to a high of 43,600 shares in January 2000. Also during January 2001,
the price of ASI common stock increased significantly from a closing price of
$15.625 on January 2, 2001 to a closing price of $20.875 on January 16, 2001.
Given the high trading volumes and volatility of the ASI common stock, the
parties reconsidered whether the proposed transaction was in their respective
best interests. Following extensive discussions concerning the proposed
transaction and these recent events, the parties agreed to terminate
negotiations on January 18, 2001.

    On January 29, 2001, ASI released earnings for the third quarter of fiscal
year 2001 of $0.18 per diluted share. Following the earnings report, which was
below analysts' estimates, the price of ASI common stock fell from a closing
price of $16.00 on January 26, 2001 to a closing price of $13.625 on
January 29, 2001. The range of closing prices of ASI common stock during the
week of January 29, 2001 ranged from $13.625 to $12.8594 per share.
On February 2, 2001, Mr. Ingram contacted Mr. Reynolds to inquire whether
ASI was interested in resuming discussions with respect to a potential
transaction. Legal counsel for the parties subsequently engaged in negotiations
concerning the unresolved issues in the merger agreement, which included the
termination provisions, the closing conditions, the definition of "material
adverse effect," and the reimbursement of Aon's fees in the event ASI were to
terminate the agreement. The parties agreed that they would continue
negotiations with a view to entering into a definitive agreement during
February 2001.

    On February 8, 2001, the Special Committee held a meeting at which
representatives of Goodwin Procter provided an update regarding the ongoing
contract negotiations and representatives of Bear Stearns discussed the status
of their analyses for the fairness opinion. Also at this meeting, the Special
Committee approved the terms of Bear Stearns' engagement.

    On February 13, 2001, the parties met to negotiate the remaining open issues
in the merger and rollover agreements and to discuss recent developments in
ASI's business and the likely effects that these developments would have on
ASI's financial results in calendar year 2001. During this meeting, Aon and its
representatives informed ASI that, as a result of the recent increase in the
price of Aon common stock and the information regarding ASI's business presented
at the meeting, they did not want to continue to pursue a cash tender offer for
ASI common stock held by the public stockholders at $17.00 per share. Rather,
Aon indicated that it would be interested in pursuing a transaction in which all
ASI stockholders would receive Aon common stock in exchange for their shares of
ASI common stock. The Aon representatives, however, expressed the need to
further analyze the financial and other information presented at the meeting and
agreed to contact Mr. Reynolds on the following day with the material terms of
their proposal.
On February 15, 2001, Mr. Ingram contacted Mr. Reynolds to discuss the
revised terms of the proposed transaction. Following lengthy discussions,
Mr. Ingram proposed a stock-for-stock merger between the two companies in which
ASI stockholders would receive 0.425 of a share of Aon common stock for each
share of ASI common stock that they held. If the average closing price of Aon's
common stock during a 10-day measurement period prior to the merger were to be
above $42.00, the exchange ratio would be adjusted so that each ASI stockholder
would receive Aon common stock having a value equal to $17.85. Conversely, if
the average closing price during the measurement period were to be less than
$34.00, the exchange ratio would be adjusted so that each ASI stockholder would
receive Aon common stock having a value equal to $14.45. If the average closing
price during the

measurement period were to be below $31.00, Aon would have the right to
terminate the merger agreement. Mr. Reynolds responded that he would need to
discuss the proposal with the other members of the ASI Board of Directors and
the company's advisors. In light of the fact that all ASI stockholders were now
to receive the same consideration, it was agreed to disband the Special
Committee and to have all members of the ASI Board consider the proposed
transaction.
On February 20, 2001, ASI received a revised draft of the merger agreement.
Between February 20, 2001 and February 23, 2001, the parties and their
respective legal counsel negotiated the terms of the definitive documentation.
During this period, the parties' discussions focused on (a) the exchange ratio
collar, (b) the conditions to the parties' respective obligations to close the
transaction, and (c) the events giving rise to the parties' respective rights to
terminate the agreement. In particular, representatives of ASI negotiated for
ASI, as opposed to Aon, to have the right to terminate the merger agreement if
the average closing price of Aon common stock during the measurement period were
to be below $31.00. As a result, if the average closing price of Aon common
stock during the measurement period is below $31.00, ASI may terminate the
merger agreement, unless Aon agrees to increase the exchange ratio so that ASI
stockholders will receive $14.45 in value of Aon common stock for each share of
ASI common stock that they hold. In addition, as a result of these negotiations,
ASI was able to significantly narrow the conditions to Aon's obligations to
effect the merger.
On February 23, 2001, the ASI Board of Directors held a meeting to consider
the merger agreement, the merger and the related transactions. At this meeting,
the ASI Board approved the revised terms of Bear Stearns' engagement. With
respect to the deliberations regarding the merger, Mr. Reynolds discussed with
the other members of the Board the potential benefits and negative consequences
of the merger and the recent developments following the change in the structure
of the transaction to a stock-for-stock merger. Representatives of Goodwin
Procter made a presentation to the Board in which they reviewed the fiduciary
duties of the directors in connection with the proposed transaction and
summarized for the Board the status of the contract negotiations and the terms
of the definitive documentation, including the closing conditions, termination
rights and break-up fee. Representatives of Bear Stearns then made a
presentation to the Board concerning the terms of the merger and certain methods
of valuation and analysis. Bear Stearns then delivered its oral opinion
(subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated February 23,
2001) to the ASI Board of Directors that, as of that date, based on and subject
to certain assumptions, limitations and other matters described in the opinion,
the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders
of ASI.