The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Spieker Properties Inc & Equity Office Properties Trust:
Background of the Merger

In pursuing their strategies for enhancing shareholder value,
each of Equity Office and Spieker regularly consider
opportunities for acquisitions, joint ventures and other
significant transactions.

Over the last five years, representatives of Spieker management
have investigated and evaluated a number of strategic
opportunities for the purpose of enhancing value for Spieker
stockholders. The strategic opportunities considered have
included mergers with other entities, acquisitions of other
entities and businesses, divestiture of substantial portions of
Spiekers assets and joint venture opportunities. Among
other activities, Messrs. Spieker, Foster and Vought
evaluated numerous acquisition and merger opportunities in
different markets throughout the United States and reported on
these opportunities to the Spieker board of directors as
appropriate.

This analysis of strategic opportunities continued during 1999
and early 2000. In early 1999, the chief executive officer of
another entity, referred to in this description as
company B, contacted Spieker concerning a
possible transaction between Spieker and company B
culminating in a meeting between Mr. Spieker and the chief
executive officer of company B on April 6, 1999. Like
Spieker, company B was an office property REIT of
comparable size with Spieker. At that time, Spieker and
company B concluded that a strategic combination of their
two companies was not in the best interests of their respective
stockholders. Spieker and company B reached this conclusion
based upon, among other factors, different expectations
concerning the future growth of the businesses of both companies
and the fact that the relative valuations for the two companies
at the time did not support a business combination along the
lines that the parties had discussed.
At the regularly scheduled meeting of the Spieker board of
directors on December 8, 1999, the Spieker board of
directors again considered Spiekers strategic alternatives
to enhance stockholder value. Among other things, the board of
directors discussed and considered the general status of the
economy and of Spiekers markets and other markets in
general, the REIT industry and Spiekers stock price
performance. The Spieker board of directors also received a
report of Spieker management concerning stock repurchase
programs and REIT leveraged buyout transactions.

On March 8, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the
board of directors, the Spieker board of directors discussed
with Spieker management the three-year target plan for Spieker
and different strategic alternatives available to Spieker to
enhance stockholder value. Among other things, the board of
directors reviewed Spiekers recent growth and its
prospects for future growth and the risk to Spiekers
ability to maintain above-industry average growth rates as a
result of (1) moderating of growth in market rents in
Spiekers existing markets and (2) a lack of
geographic diversification with respect to Spiekers
portfolio. In addition, Mr. Vought and Mr. Foster led
a discussion of the Spieker board of directors and
representatives of Spieker management concerning the possibility
of a merger of Spieker with another entity, the sale of Spieker
to another entity, the sale of specific assets of Spieker,
geographic diversification of Spieker and its properties through
acquisitions of other entities or entering into different but
related lines of business. The Spieker board of directors
directed management of Spieker to continue to evaluate strategic
alternatives with the goal of maximizing stockholder value and
returns.
At the June 7, 2000 and September 6, 2000 regularly
scheduled meetings of the Spieker board of directors,
discussions with representatives of Spieker management
concerning Spiekers strategic alternatives continued. At
each meeting, the board of directors again considered the
possibility of merging with other entities, divesting portions
of Spiekers assets to refocus attention on particular
markets and assets and entering into different but related lines
of business. The board also discussed the difficulties Spieker
might face in meeting its long-term growth targets on its own
given the projected size of Spieker and the markets in which
Spieker conducts its operations.

In August 2000, Spieker entered into an agreement with
another company, referred to in this description as
company C. Like Spieker, company C was an
office property REIT, although smaller than Spieker. Pursuant to
the agreement, Spieker and company C agreed to exchange
confidential information for the purpose of evaluating a
business transaction between the two companies which would
result in an acquisition by Spieker of company C. Pursuant
to that confidentiality agreement, each party agreed to keep
confidential information provided by the other and to use that
information only for purposes of considering a transaction
between the two companies. In addition, each company agreed that
it would not seek to acquire the voting securities of the other
company or take other related actions for a period of 18 months
from the date of the agreement. After the exchange of
confidential information, Spieker determined not to pursue an
acquisition of company C, primarily because of its view
that the quality of company Cs portfolio would not
fit well with Spiekers existing portfolio.
During much of 2000, representatives of Equity Office and
representatives of Spieker collaborated on a variety of specific
projects, including a technology consortium, and other ancillary
matters. From that collaboration, Mr. Vought and
Timothy H. Callahan, the Chief Executive Officer of Equity
Office, expressed an interest in discussing whether their
respective companies might jointly pursue a range of other
opportunities.

On December 6, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of
the Spieker board of directors, Mr. Spieker led a
discussion of strategic alternatives for Spieker, including
maintaining Spiekers independence, pursuing possible
acquisitions and pursuing possible merger transactions.
Mr. Spieker informed the board that management had
concluded, after reviewing all of the possible strategic
alternatives, that a strategic merger or business combination
could be the best alternative for maximizing stockholder value.
Mr. Spieker indicated that Spieker management had concluded
that two companies were Spiekers most attractive potential
merger candidates, one of which was Equity Office and the other
of which was company B. Mr. Spieker and
Mr. Vought then led a discussion of the board of directors
concerning the relative advantages and disadvantages of a merger
with either of the two candidates. Following further discussion,
the Spieker board of directors concluded that Spieker and its
stockholders would be well served if Spieker management
investigated potential merger opportunities and directed
management to do so and to make further reports to the board.
Following this meeting, Spieker management continued to
investigate the possibility of remaining independent or of
engaging in strategic assets sales, but concluded, with respect
to merger opportunities, that a merger with company B or
Equity Office presented the only viable merger opportunities at
the time with companies of similar asset quality and
characteristics.
Following the December 6, 2000 meeting, Mr. Spieker
contacted the chief executive officer of company B and
discussed the fact that Spieker was in the process of reviewing
its strategic alternatives and inquired whether company B
would be interested in resuming their conversations from
April 1999. The chief executive officer of company B
indicated that company B would be interested in resuming
those conversations and, on December 20, 2000,
Mr. Spieker and the chief executive officer of
company B met in New York where they discussed in more
detail the possibility of a combination of their two companies.
The chief executive officer of company B indicated that
company B would be interested in pursuing the possibility
of a strategic combination with Spieker in which the two
companies would combine their management teams and operations
with neither company being viewed as acquired by or acquiring
the other. In conjunction with the resumed conversations between
Spieker and company B, the chief executive officer of
company B suggested that he and other officers of
company B meet with Mr. Foster and Mr. Vought.
Following the December 6, 2000 meeting, Mr. Vought
contacted Mr. Callahan of Equity Office to suggest that the
two meet to discuss their respective companies and businesses.
On December 21, 2000, Mr. Vought met with
Mr. Callahan in Chicago where they discussed the
possibility of a combination of their two businesses and whether
that would be in the best interests of their respective
shareholders. Mr. Callahan indicated that he was interested
in continuing these conversations and would give Mr. Vought
a further call following Christmas. On December 23, 2000,
Mr. Callahan contacted Mr. Vought to re-affirm that he
was interested in continuing these conversations. On
December 28, 2000, Mr. Callahan told Mr. Vought
that Equity Office was interested in pursuing a business
combination with Spieker and suggested to Mr. Vought that
their two respective companies enter into a confidentiality
agreement so that they could appropriately share more detailed
information with each other. On January 2, 2001, Spieker
and Equity Office entered into a confidentiality agreement.
Pursuant to that confidentiality agreement, each party agreed to
keep confidential information provided by the other and to use
that information only for purposes of considering a transaction
between the two companies.

On January 5, 2001, David A. Helfand, Executive Vice
President  Business Development of Equity Office,
Richard D. Kincaid, Chief Financial Officer of Equity
Office, and Shobi S. Khan, Vice President 
Business Development Investments, of Equity Office, met with
Mr. Vought and Mr. Rothstein in San Francisco where
the representatives of the two parties exchanged information
concerning their respective businesses.

On January 9, 2001, Mr. Callahan contacted
Mr. Vought to update him on the status of Equity
Offices due diligence efforts.

On January 9, 2001, Mr. Vought met with the chief
executive officer of company B to discuss the merits of a
transaction between their two companies and the possible manner
in which a transaction might be effected. On January 10,
2001, Mr. Foster and Mr. Vought met with the chief
executive officer of company B, together with three other
officers of company B, to discuss a possible combination of
their two companies and the various issues associated with a
combination, including the combination of their different
corporate cultures and how the combined company would be
operated. Subsequent to these meetings on January 9 and 10,
2001, Mr. Vought and Mr. Rothstein had several
conversations with the chief executive officer and the chief
financial officer of company B, respectively, concerning
the possibility of a merger of their two companies.

During the remaining weeks of January and the first week of
February, Mr. Callahan and Mr. Vought and
Mr. Foster continued to have various conversations
concerning the combination of their two businesses. On
January 25, 2001, Mr. Foster and Mr. Rothstein
met with Mr. Kincaid, Peter H. Adams, Senior Vice
President  Strategic Planning and Operations of
Equity Office, and Michael A. Steele, Executive Vice
President  Real Estate Operations and Chief Operating
Officer of Equity Office, in San Francisco to exchange
additional information on the structure of their respective
organizations and discussed the management and personnel of
their respective businesses.
On January 26, 2001, Spieker and company B entered
into a confidentiality agreement. Pursuant to that
confidentiality agreement, each party agreed to keep
company or take other related actions for a period of
12 months from the date of the agreement.

On February 7, 2001, Mr. Vought met with
Mr. Callahan, Mr. Kincaid and Mr. Helfand in
Chicago. At that meeting, the representatives of Equity Office
presented a proposal to Mr. Vought concerning a merger of
Spieker with Equity Office in which the holders of common stock
of Spieker would receive merger consideration with a per share
value of $58.00. The representatives of Equity Office explained
that the offer contemplated that each share of Spieker common
stock would be converted in such merger for $9.50 in cash, with
the balance of the per share consideration to be paid in the
form of common shares of Equity Office with the exchange ratio
for the shares to be fixed based on the average trading price of
Equity Office common shares over the ten trading day period
prior to determination of the price. On February 9, 2001,
Mr. Callahan called Mr. Vought to discuss the proposal
by Equity Office to merge with Spieker.
On February 9, 2001, at a special telephonic meeting of the
Spieker board of directors, Mr. Spieker described to the
board the proposal that Equity Office had presented to Spieker
on February 7, 2001. In addition, Spieker management
informed the board that they viewed further discussions with
company B as not likely to result in a proposal that they would
be prepared to recommend to the board and that would be in the
best interests of Spieker and its stockholders. Spieker
management reached this conclusion primarily because
company B had been discussing with Spieker management a
strategic business combination of their two companies in which
no premium would be paid by company B with respect to the
current market price of Spieker common stock and because Spieker
management believed that the two companies had different
corporate cultures that would impede a successful combination of
their two organizations. After further discussion of the Equity
Office proposal and numerous questions by the board of directors
and after receiving the recommendation of Spieker management
that Spieker pursue a transaction with Equity Office, the board
authorized Spieker management to negotiate a strategic
combination of Spieker and Equity Office and to engage
investment bankers and other advisors to help negotiate the
terms of the transaction and to evaluate whether any resulting
transaction would be fair to and in the best interests of the
Spieker stockholders.
Following that special meeting of the Spieker board of
directors, during a series of conversations between
Mr. Vought and Mr. Callahan, negotiations continued
between representatives of Spieker and representatives of Equity
Office concerning, among other things, the value of the
consideration to be received by Spieker stockholders in any
transaction. On February 12, 2001, Mr. Zell called
Mr. Spieker to discuss Equity Offices long-term
strategy and the proposal by Equity Office to merge with
Spieker. Early in the week of February 12, 2001,
Mr. Vought asked Mr. Callahan to present to Spieker
the best and final proposal of Equity Office by Wednesday or
Thursday of that week.

At the regularly scheduled Equity Office board of trustees
meeting held on February 13, 2001, Mr. Zell and
Mr. Callahan updated the board on the discussions with Mr.
Spieker, Mr. Foster, Mr. Vought and other
representatives of Spieker regarding a possible merger of
Spieker with Equity Office. At this meeting, various members of
the board expressed their support for a transaction if it could
be accomplished along the lines described at the meeting.
On February 15, 2001, the Spieker board of directors held a
special telephonic meeting at which Mr. Spieker informed
the board that as a result of further negotiations, Equity
Office had agreed to increase the consideration payable to the
Spieker stockholders to $58.50 per share and to change the
relative mix of cash and stock consideration, with the value of
the stock component of the merger consideration to be based on a
fixed exchange ratio that was based on the average closing price
of Equity Office common shares over the 10 preceding
trading days. After further discussion of the increased
consideration and other matters relating to the merger, the
Spieker board of directors authorized Spieker management to
negotiate a merger agreement with Equity Office on these terms,
subject to Spiekers continuing due diligence with respect
to Equity Office and subject to the boards final review
and approval of a merger agreement and its terms and conditions.
On February 16, 2001, Spieker engaged Goldman Sachs to act
as its financial advisor in connection with the proposed
transaction, and Equity Office engaged Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated to act as its financial
advisor in connection with the proposed transaction. During the
weeks of February 12 and February 19, each of Spieker
and Equity Office and their respective advisors conducted due
diligence with respect to each other. On February 18, 2001,
Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel to Equity Office,
provided to Spieker and its counsel a draft merger agreement. On
February 19, 2001, the parties began to negotiate the terms
and conditions of the merger agreement, including the structure
of the mergers as a two-step transaction involving the merger of
Spieker Partnership with and into EOP Partnership, followed by
the merger of Spieker with and into Equity Office. The two-step
merger structure was designed to comply with the partnership
agreements of EOP Partnership and Spieker Partnership and to
preserve in the combined company the pre-merger UPREIT structure
of both Equity Office and Spieker. An UPREIT is a REIT that owns
substantially all of its assets through an operating
partnership. Beginning on February 20, 2001,
representatives of Spieker and Equity Office, Goldman Sachs,
Morgan Stanley, Sullivan & Cromwell, counsel to Spieker, and
Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. met in New York to continue the
negotiations of the



merger agreement and ancillary agreements including, among other
things, voting agreements and the tax protection arrangements
described under  Interests of Spieker Directors
and Executive Officers in the Merger and the Partnership
Merger beginning on page 46.