The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Fourth Shift Corp & AremisSoft Corp:
Background of the Merger    

    The past several years have witnessed significant changes in the software applications industry and particularly the portion of that industry that provides
enterprise software to manage the entire operations of a manufacturing or industrial concern. Followed by a robust market in 1998 for sales of new systems, Fourth Shift, like most of the companies in
this part of the software industry, was negatively impacted in 1999 by the reluctance of companies to adopt new enterprise software systems. Although participants in this industry expected improvement
during 2000, sales by virtually all enterprise software providers during the past fiscal year were sluggish. In addition to slow sales, participants in the enterprise software industry have been
negatively impacted by the decline in securities markets for technology oriented companies. 

    These
market forces have caused significant consolidation in the enterprise software industry. Like many of its competitors, Fourth Shift has been contacted during the past
18 months by a number of companies regarding its interest in being an acquiror or its interest in combining with another company. Although Fourth Shift has not actively solicited bids, it has
had informal discussions with a number of entities during this period.
Fourth
Shift was first contacted by Paul Bloom, the Executive Vice President-Corporate Development of AremisSoft, in late fall 1999. Mr. Bloom posed to Mel Stuckey, the Chief
Executive Officer of Fourth Shift, the possibility of a business combination with AremisSoft. Conversations between Mr. Bloom and Mr. Stuckey continued through late 1999. These inquiries
by Mr. Bloom and AremisSoft were first considered by the Fourth Shift board of directors at a meeting held December 14, 1999. Although the board of directors determined not to actively
seek the sale of Fourth Shift, it did authorize Mr. Stuckey to meet and discuss combination issues with AremisSoft. 

    The
Chief Executive Officer of AremisSoft met with Mr. Stuckey, Jimmie Caldwell, President of Fourth Shift, and David Latzke, Chief Financial Officer of Fourth Shift, in
mid-December 1999. The Chief Executive Officer of AremisSoft also contacted Mr. Stuckey on December 30, 1999 and probed Mr. Stuckey for guidance as to the form
of transaction that Fourth Shift's board of directors might find acceptable. During December 1999 and January 2000, Fourth Shift executive officers gathered market and financial
information regarding AremisSoft and outside legal counsel to Fourth Shift reviewed Securities and Exchange Commission filings made by AremisSoft.
At
a special meeting of the Fourth Shift board of directors on January 7, 2000, the Fourth Shift board considered the preliminary combination overatures made by AremisSoft. At
that meeting, legal counsel advised the board of its fiduciary duties during business combination discussions and the board of directors considered Fourth Shift's trading history, financial
performance in the fourth quarter, and other factors impacting its market price. The Fourth Shift board of directors compared and contrasted the price/earnings multiples of, and the growth and
projected growth rate of AremisSoft and Fourth Shift as well as expectations with respect to employee and management retention. The board of directors authorized the execution of a confidentiality
agreement and instructed the officers to proceed with the discussions with AremisSoft. At its regular meeting held January 18, 2000, the board of directors considered additional information
obtained regarding AremisSoft, as well as several other alternatives to grow Fourth Shift independently, and authorized the retention of Broadview Associates International LLC to act as financial
advisor to Fourth Shift. Although discussions continued throughout January and early February 2000, in mid-February 2000, AremisSoft advised Fourth Shift that the discussions
were being suspended pending completion by AremisSoft of a public financing.
Fourth Shift nevertheless maintained its engagement with Broadview and continued to receive proposals from a number of additional suitors during the spring and summer of 2000. Fourth
Shift had extensive discussions with a potential combination partner for its China operations in March 2000 that were terminated when the other party was unable to complete a transaction for
financing in the United States. Fourth Shift had repeated discussions with two software companies in April through June 2000, but these discussions terminated when the market price for the
securities of these parties declined. Fourth Shift also had discussions with a publicly-traded software supplier in May through July 2000, referred to as Company A. In addition, Fourth
Shift had discussions with two other software suppliers in August and September 2000. Although many of these discussions included preliminary discussions of the structure of a business combination,
because of market changes, none of them proceeded to a proposal. As a result of decreased involvement, Fourth Shift terminated its engagement with Broadview in late September 2000, although it
agreed to pay Broadview a success fee if a transaction is completed with one of five identified companies, including AremisSoft. 

    On
November 8, 2000, a supplier of enterprise software, referred to as Company B, visited Fourth Shift's offices and commenced a dialogue regarding business
combinations. In mid-November, Fourth Shift was also approached by a group of financiers that desired to use Fourth Shift's management as a means of
consolidating enterprise software providers for mid-sized manufacturing concerns with intentions of structuring a transaction with one specific supplier. In partial response to these
inquiries, Fourth Shift's executives started an informal dialogue with several potential financial advisers, including Trilogy Partners.
a special meeting of the Fourth Shift board of directors on December 4, 2000, the board considered the continued depressed market for Fourth Shift's products, the structure
of the two potential transactions that had been proposed and the retention of a financial adviser. The board of directors authorized the retention of Trilogy for general assistance with combination
discussions as well as a special purpose engagement of the financiers to pursue the consolidation strategy with one identified enterprise software company. 

    Trilogy
continued negotiations with Company B, leading to a meeting between the executive officers of such company and officers of Fourth Shift on December 7, 2000.
Company B intimated its interest in pursuing an acquisition of all of Fourth Shift's shares for approximately $3.00 cash per share. At the same time, Trilogy reopened the dialogue with
AremisSoft and inquired of several other companies whether they were interested in discussing a combination transaction with Fourth Shift. AremisSoft indicated substantial interest in exceeding the
preliminary cash purchase offer proposed by the European supplier with a stock for stock exchange. Representatives of Fourth Shift, Trilogy and AremisSoft met on December 16, 2000 in California
and preliminarily discussed a renewed effort to combine Fourth Shift and AremisSoft. On December 18, 2000, AremisSoft executed a confidentiality agreement required by Fourth Shift as a
condition to further negotiations. Trilogy met with AremisSoft again on December 21, 2000.
continued the dialogue with Company A and Mr. Stuckey had several conversations in mid-December with the Chief Executive Officer of Company A.
In addition, both Mr. Stuckey and Mr. Caldwell met with Company A on December 20, 2000. On December 22, 2000, the Fourth Shift board of directors met by conference
call and received reports from Trilogy and the Fourth Shift executives that, while discussions with AremisSoft and Company B were promising, Company A seemed reluctant to engage in
serious negotiations. 

    In
late December 2000, Trilogy and the Fourth Shift executives transmitted information to AremisSoft and scheduled additional meetings with AremisSoft executives. An additional
meeting with Mr. Bloom was held at Fourth Shift's offices on January 9, 2001. Additional meetings with the European supplier were held at Fourth Shift's offices on January 10 and
11, 2001. Fourth Shift, with Trilogy's assistance, continued negotiations with AremisSoft through January 15, 2001, resulting in an 

informal offer from AremisSoft on January 15, 2001. AremisSoft proposed a merger in which all of the outstanding common stock of Fourth Shift would be exchanged for common stock of AremisSoft
based on a value of $3.50 per share of Fourth Shift common stock.
the regular meeting of the Fourth Shift board of directors held January 16, 2001, Trilogy presented the informal offer from AremisSoft and the status of discussions with
both Company A and Company B. In addition, legal counsel advised the directors their fiduciary duties in the context of these discussions. A full budget for Fourth Shift's 2001 fiscal
year was considered, as well as its implications for the market price of Fourth Shift common stock. Trilogy presented detailed information regarding the trading price of, and market environment for,
enterprise software suppliers to mid-sized manufacturing concerns, including comparative financial and market price information for four principal competitors of Fourth Shift. It discussed
with directors its perception of declining spending in information technology. Trilogy presented preliminary information on valuation parameters, summarizing Fourth Shift's position relative to size
and relative to maintenance revenue of four peers and regarding AremisSoft's financial performance, the geographic and industry concentrations of its business, its management strengths and weaknesses,
its technology platform and other matters. The board of directors discussed in detail the affect of a potential business combination on Fourth Shift's operations and the considerable risks both in
meeting Fourth Shift's 2001 budget and in generating market prices approaching the terms being offered by the potential business combination partners. The board determined to move forward with
discussions, and an exchange of due diligence documentation, with AremisSoft. The board of directors also authorized an amendment to the agreement with Broadview to obtain Broadview's assistance with
evaluation of the AremisSoft proposal from a financial point of view.
Between
January 16 and January 23, 2001, Trilogy renewed contact with Company B, indicating that its price was not adequate. On January 23, 2001,
Company B increased its cash offer and amended its offer to provide for continuation of certain options held by Fourth Shift employees. In response, AremisSoft increased its informal offer to a
stock for stock exchange at $4.00 per share on January 24, 2001. By conference call held January 25, 2001, the board of directors met and determined to proceed with the AremisSoft offer.
Legal counsel to Fourth Shift and AremisSoft exchanged information request lists during the last week of January and began preparation of documentation. 

February 6, 2001, AremisSoft revised its offer to $3.60 per share in cash (rather than a stock for stock exchange), a price higher than the most recent offer of
Company B. Fourth Shift and Trilogy again approached the European enterprise software supplier but were unable to obtain an increased offer. Through additional negotiations, AremisSoft
increased its offer to $3.70 per share in cash. Mr. Stuckey polled Fourth Shift directors and, based on their informal advice, determined to proceed.
Shift received a first draft of the merger agreement incorporating AremisSoft's proposal on February 10, 2001. Fourth Shift responded with comments on
February 12, 2001. On February 13, 2001, the board of directors of Fourth Shift met to consider the terms of the merger agreement with
AremisSoft. Trilogy and legal counsel to Fourth Shift described the terms of the proposed merger in detail, as well as the timing and approval required to complete the transaction. Broadview presented
preliminary information regarding the pricing of companies in the mid-market enterprise software business, noting a substantial decline in market expectations, and presented preliminary
valuation analyses of the acquisition based on a number of financial ratios. Counsel summarized the consequences of the transaction under the severance agreements with the Chief Executive Officer and
President of Fourth Shift, as well as proposed consulting agreements to be executed upon completion of the transaction. The board discussed the effects of the transaction on the shareholders,
employees and business operations of Fourth Shift. Based on such discussions, the board determined to proceed with the preparation and negotiation of final documentation for the AremisSoft transaction
for consideration of the board at a subsequent board meeting.
Between February 13, 2001 and February 26, 2001, Trilogy and management of Fourth Shift, with the assistance of Fourth Shift's legal counsel, negotiated with AremisSoft
and its counsel the final terms of the merger agreement, including terms relating to segregation and monitoring of AremisSoft funds adequate to pay the cash purchase price, and provided remaining
documentation requested of AremisSoft's counsel. At a special meeting of the board of directors of Fourth Shift on February 26, 2001, the Fourth Shift board of directors considered the terms of
the merger agreement in detail. Broadview provided a detailed presentation of its analyses of the transaction from a financial perspective and delivered its opinion regarding the fairness of the
transaction from a financial point of view. At the meeting, a committee of the board, consisting of Messrs. Adams, Lair, Price and Sheffert, was established pursuant to Minnesota Statutes
Section 302A.673 to consider the terms of the transaction. After deliberation, the committee unanimously approved the terms of the merger and the merger agreement and recommended adoption by
the board. The board of directors unanimously approved the merger and the merger agreement, and amended the Fourth Shift shareholder rights plan to exclude the merger from its provisions. 

Fourth Shift's Reasons for the Merger    

    Fourth Shift's board of directors consulted with executive officers and with its financial and legal advisors and considered a number of factors, including
those set forth below, in reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and to recommend that Fourth Shift's shareholders vote "FOR"
adoption of the merger agreement.


Background.
 Fourth Shift's board of directors was aware of consolidation that has occurred
during the past eighteen months among suppliers of enterprise software to mid-sized manufacturing concerns. Fourth Shift's board was aware through numerous discussions with participants in
this industry of other comparable transactions that had occurred in the industry. Fourth Shift's management held numerous
meetings, and reported the substance of these meetings to the board, with other participants in the industry interested in pursuing combination discussions.


Market for Securities.
 Fourth Shift's board of directors was aware of the substantial
decline in market value for its securities and for the securities of other companies that develop and sell enterprise software for manufacturing concerns during the past twelve months. The board of
directors considered the prospects of obtaining new institutional coverage and interest given Fourth Shift's market capitalization and the decreased coverage afforded by investment banking concerns.


Recent results of operations and financial position.
 Fourth Shift's board of directors was
knowledgeable about the decline in its software license revenue during the past two years and the losses incurred by Fourth Shift during the 1999 and 2000 fiscal years. The board of directors
considered the proposed budget presented by management for the current fiscal year and its likely impact on market price and its ability to expand operations. Fourth Shift's board of directors also
considered and was knowledgeable about the risks inherent in achieving the budget.
Review of Prospects in Remaining Independent.
 Fourth Shift's board of directors considered
Fourth Shift's financial condition, results of operations and business and earnings, including its prospects, if it were to remain independent in light of the consolidation and other developments
occurring in the software industry.


Alternative Transactions.
 Fourth Shift's board of directors considered several alternative
business combination transactions that were being negotiated and both the pricing of those transactions and potential risks to completion posed by lack of apparent funding and complexity presented by
those transactions. 


Absence of Redundant Operations for the Benefit of Employees.
 Fourth Shift's board of
directors considered the absence of significant U.S. operations of AremisSoft for sale of enterprise software solutions and the need for substantial operations. The board of directors considered the
likelihood that most of Fourth Shift's personnel would be retained.


Effect on Customers.
 Fourth Shift's board of directors considered the effect that the merger
would have on its customers and the likelihood that AremisSoft would be able to serve Fourth Shift's customers.


Extended Distribution and Development.
 The board of directors of Fourth Shift considered the
distribution capability established by AremisSoft in countries in which Fourth Shift had little sales, including Central and Eastern Europe, the increased distribution that could be generated through
cross-selling with AremisSoft's other enterprise systems for healthcare and specific industries, and the low cost software development that could be facilitated through AremisSoft's Indian operations.
The board of directors considered the increased sales and higher industry visibility the combination of these features with its robust software and considerable U.S. presence.