The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   On September 26, 2000, the board of directors of Data Dimensions retained
Updata Capital, an investment banking firm, to act as its financial advisor in
connection with evaluating strategic alternatives, including, but not limited
to, a sale or merger of Data Dimensions, a sale of one or more of its then
three business units, or a recapitalization of Data Dimensions and assisting
Data Dimensions management in the consummation of strategic alternatives
approved by its board of directors.
At a meeting of the Data Dimensions board of directors on October 16, 2000,
after performing due diligence regarding Data Dimensions, Updata Capital
provided the Data Dimensions board of directors with a preliminary assessment
of various strategic alternatives available to Data Dimensions, including
actions to improve Data Dimensions' financial position and operations, possible
sales of business units and the sale of the entire company. Updata Capital also
provided the Data Dimensions board of directors with information about
financial market conditions, valuations in the information technology services
sector and a plan for evaluating the feasibility and merits of potential
transactions related to divestitures, acquisitions and a recapitalization. At
this meeting, the Data Dimensions board authorized Updata Capital to contact
parties potentially interested in considering transactions involving Data
Dimensions' business units.

   From mid October to early November, Updata Capital, with assistance from
Data Dimensions' management, prepared memoranda describing each business unit
and developed a list of potential acquirers of each business unit and Data
Dimensions as a whole. Shortly thereafter, Updata Capital began contacting
potentially interested parties. Lionbridge was among the entities contacted by
Updata Capital.

   Lionbridge regularly reviews private and public companies which it may
acquire to further its objectives in the globalization services market. On
November 16, 2000, Don More, Senior Vice President of Updata Capital, called
Stephen J. Lifshatz, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of Lionbridge, to inform him that he represented a company that was
potentially looking for a strategic buyer for one or more of its business
units. Mr. Lifshatz indicated Lionbridge's interest in learning more about the
company represented by Updata Capital, and Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
executed a confidentiality agreement on November 17, 2000 in order to receive
from Updata Capital a confidential offering memorandum relating to Data
Dimensions.

   Upon receipt of the confidential offering memorandum on November 21, 2000,
Mr. Lifshatz, along with Rory J. Cowan, the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Lionbridge, commenced internal company discussions regarding the
possibility of a strategic combination with Data Dimensions and the various
structures of a combination. In addition, Lionbridge commenced initial,
internal due diligence activities through an analysis of publicly available
materials.
On November 29, 2001, Updata Capital arranged an introductory telephone
conference for executives of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge to describe the
business and operations of each company. Mr. Cowan, Peter A. Allen, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Data Dimensions, Laurence C. Leslie, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Data Dimensions, and Jim
McLendon, Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Development of Data
Dimensions, participated in this telephone conference.

   On December 7, 2000, Mr. Lifshatz had a telephone conversation with Mr. More
to request additional information about Data Dimensions in order for Lionbridge
to submit an indication of interest. In addition, during the first two weeks of
December 2000, Mr. Cowan and Mr. Allen had additional telephone conversations
regarding the possibility of a strategic combination of the companies.

   On December 12, 2000, at a regular meeting of the board of directors of Data
Dimensions, Updata Capital reviewed Data Dimensions' strategic alternatives and
updated market valuation data, and discussed the status of its canvassing
effort. At this meeting, Data Dimensions' board of directors, together with
senior management of

Data Dimensions, Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert & Barer, Data Dimensions'
outside legal counsel, held an extensive discussion regarding the relative
merits and risks of a sale of Data Dimensions' business units and/or a sale of
the entire company. Garvey, Schubert & Barer outlined the directors' legal
duties and responsibilities in connection with considering these transactions.
The board of directors authorized Updata Capital to continue its efforts and
reviewed a timetable for Updata Capital to solicit indications of interest from
parties interested in such a transaction.
On January 8, 2001, Mr. Cowan and Roger Jeanty, Lionbridge's President, met
with Messrs. Allen, McLendon, and Leslie, at Data Dimensions' headquarters in
Bellevue, Washington. At this meeting, the parties discussed various aspects of
Data Dimensions' business, including its financial condition and business
prospects, its technological capabilities, and an assessment of Data
Dimensions' personnel. The parties also discussed the potential synergies of a
strategic combination of the companies.

   Following the January 8 meeting, the parties continued telephone
conversations and, at the request of Lionbridge, Data Dimensions sent
additional due diligence materials to Lionbridge. During the weeks beginning
January 8 and January 15, 2001, Lionbridge received additional information from
Data Dimensions.

   On January 16, 2001, Mr. Lifshatz had a telephone conference with Messrs.
Allen, McLendon and Leslie, during which the Data Dimensions executives
presented a detailed overview of the Data Dimensions business. On January 25,
2001, Mr. Lifshatz and Boris Zverev, Lionbridge's Manager of Financial Planning
and Analysis, had a subsequent telephone conference with Messrs. Allen,
McLendon and Leslie during which Data Dimensions' financial projections for the
first quarter of 2001 and fiscal year 2001 were discussed.

   On January 30, 2001, Mr. Cowan sent Mr. Allen a letter outlining some of the
benefits and synergies that could result from a combination of the two
companies. Following up on this letter, on January 31, 2001, Lionbridge
provided Data Dimensions and Updata Capital with a formal indication of
interest in a merger with Data Dimensions.

   On the evening of January 31, 2001, during a dinner meeting in Boston,
Massachusetts, Mr. Cowan informed the board of directors of Lionbridge's
discussions with Data Dimensions and the potential of a strategic combination.

   On February 1, 2001, the Lionbridge board of directors met in a regularly
scheduled meeting during which Messrs. Cowan and Lifshatz discussed the results
of their due diligence investigations of Data Dimensions, and various methods
by which Lionbridge might effect a strategic combination with Data Dimensions.
The board of directors authorized its executive officers to proceed with
negotiations with Data Dimensions subject to its review of the proposed
definitive terms of a strategic combination with Data Dimensions.

   On February 1, 2001, the Data Dimensions board of directors held a special
meeting at which Updata Capital and Data Dimensions' management reported on
indications of interest from various parties, including Lionbridge. In
addition, the board, Updata Capital and Data Dimensions' management reviewed
the status of discussions with other parties and alternatives to a sale, as
well as the timing, risk and other issues associated with each alternative
available to Data Dimensions. Updata Capital provided the board of directors
with information about the business and management of Lionbridge. Mr. Allen
reviewed his meeting of January 8 with Mr. Cowan and Mr. Jeanty. After
discussion, the board of directors of Data Dimensions requested Updata Capital
to continue negotiations with Lionbridge to improve the terms of Lionbridge's
indication of interest while also maintaining communications with the other
interested parties.
On February 5, 2001, Mr. Lifshatz, together with Cindy Rinchich,
Lionbridge's Controller of VeriTest operations, had a telephone conversation
with Mr. Leslie to further discuss Data Dimensions' financial information. On
February 6, 2001, Data Dimensions provided Lionbridge with data regarding its
significant stockholders as well as a detailed budget for Data Dimensions.

   During the weeks of February 5 and February 12, 2001, Lionbridge, Data
Dimensions and Updata Capital had numerous discussions with respect to the
principal terms that an acquisition could take.

   On February 9, 2001, the board of directors of Data Dimensions held a
special meeting to review the status of discussions with Lionbridge and to
consider the status of the other indications of interest and strategic
alternatives available to Data Dimensions. Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert
& Barer reviewed changes to Lionbridge's proposal from the prior meeting.
Management and Updata Capital provided background information on the parties'
discussions and outlined the benefits and risks of a proposed merger with
Lionbridge. Updata Capital provided the board of directors with information
concerning the business, management and financial condition of Lionbridge.
Representatives of Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert & Barer reviewed and
discussed with the Data Dimensions board of directors the material items
included in the revised proposal presented by Lionbridge. In particular, the
Data Dimensions board of directors reviewed the proposed termination fee,
agreement not to entertain alternative proposals and the fixed exchange ratio.
Management and Updata Capital also reviewed the status of the other indications
of interest and strategic alternatives available to Data Dimensions. After a
discussion of the terms proposed by Lionbridge, the Data Dimensions board of
directors authorized management of Data Dimensions and Updata Capital to
continue discussions with Lionbridge and to conduct due diligence to determine
the merits and terms of an agreement and plan of reorganization.
On February 20, 2001, Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP, outside legal counsel
to Lionbridge, delivered a draft agreement and plan of reorganization to Data
Dimensions and its financial and legal advisors. On February 22, 2001, Testa,
Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP delivered a draft of the voting agreement and the
stock option agreement to Data Dimensions and its financial and legal advisors.

   Between February 20 and February 23, 2001, a due diligence team from
Lionbridge met with Data Dimensions management for due diligence discussions at
the offices of Garvey, Schubert & Barer in Seattle, Washington. At these
meetings, the companies discussed, among other things, the companies'
accounting and other policies, operational issues associated with a potential
business combination and opportunities for the combined entity. In addition,
Mr. Cowan met with Mr. Allen to discuss the business of each entity and the
strategic benefits of a combination in more detail. Mr. Allen and Updata
Capital also met with Larry Martin, the owner of approximately 14.65% of Data
Dimensions' outstanding stock, to describe the potential combination between
the two companies. Mr. Martin executed a nondisclosure agreement governing
these discussions.
From February 20 through March 8, 2001, Lionbridge and Data Dimensions and
the respective financial and legal advisors for Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
continued their respective business, legal, accounting and financial due
diligence and negotiated the terms of the agreement and the plan of
reorganization and related documents. Mr. Leslie met with Mr. Lifshatz and
James Bampos, Lionbridge's Senior Vice President, Worldwide Testing Services
and General Manager of VeriTest, at Lionbridge's headquarters in Waltham,
Massachusetts on March 3, 2001 to review Lionbridge's financial condition,
business and prospects, and visited a Lionbridge facility at that time. Also,
as part of Data Dimensions' due diligence, on February 26 and 27, 2001,
representatives of Updata Capital met with Mr. Cowan, Mr. Lifshatz and Mr.
Bampos at Lionbridge's headquarters.

   On March 7, 2001, at a special meeting of the board of directors of Data
Dimensions, the management of Data Dimensions reported on the business terms of
the proposed merger, the results of due diligence and business integration
issues. Garvey, Schubert & Barer reviewed the material terms of the proposed
transaction, the agreement and plan of reorganization and related agreements
and further advised the board of directors of its fiduciary duties. In
particular, the Data Dimensions board of directors reviewed the proposed
termination fee, agreement not to entertain alternative transactions and
termination rights, as well as other terms. Representatives of Updata Capital
made a presentation to the Data Dimensions board of directors regarding its due
diligence review of Lionbridge, the financial analyses Updata Capital and Data
Dimensions management had performed regarding Data Dimensions, Lionbridge and
the merger, and various considerations relating