The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Cambridge Technology Partners & Novell Inc:
Background of the merger

   In March 2000, Novell engaged Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated as financial
advisors to assist in considering strategic options, including possible
acquisitions and business combinations. During the latter part of 2000 and
early 2001, senior management and the board of directors of Novell considered
various strategic alternatives to increase stockholder value, including a sale
of Novell in whole or in part and a spin-off or joint venture involving Novell
subsidiaries.

   On January 19, 2001, following a meeting of the Novell board in San Jose,
California, Dr. Eric E. Schmidt, chairman, president and chief executive
officer of Novell, approached Jack L. Messman, the president, chief executive
officer and a director of Cambridge, regarding a possible strategic combination
between the two companies. Mr. Messman is currently, and has been since 1985, a
director of Novell and he is also a director of Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. Dr.
Schmidt and Mr. Messman discussed the companies' histories, relevant
operational issues, stockholder bases and key employees.

   On February 1, 2001, the Novell board of directors met to consider the
potential acquisition of Cambridge. The board considered the possibility of Mr.
Messman becoming the chief executive officer of a combined entity. The board
authorized management to continue discussions with Cambridge.

   On February 2, 2001, Dr. Schmidt called Mr. Messman to continue their
discussion and during this discussion Dr. Schmidt suggested that Mr. Messman
replace him as president and chief executive officer of Novell effective upon
the closing of any eventual transaction between the parties.

   On February 6, 2001, Dr. Schmidt, Mr. Messman and Warren V. Musser, the
chairman of the board of Cambridge and, at the time, the chief executive
officer of Safeguard, met in Cambridge, Massachusetts, to continue these
discussions.

   On February 7, 2001, Cambridge retained Salomon Smith Barney Inc. as its
financial advisor and Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP as its special transaction
counsel in connection with a possible transaction with Novell. Salomon Smith
Barney received several inquiries from industry participants and financial
investors regarding potential transactions involving Cambridge. None of the
inquiries received by Salomon Smith Barney resulted in serious negotiations and
no party other than Novell conducted due diligence.

   Also on February 7, 2001, Dennis Raney, executive vice president and chief
financial officer of Novell, met with members of Cambridge management in
Cambridge, Massachusetts to discuss the merits of combining Novell's and
Cambridge's operations.

   On February 9, 2001, the Cambridge board of directors met to discuss a
possible transaction with Novell. At the meeting, Mr. Messman outlined the
advantages and disadvantages of such a transaction. Following Mr. Messman's
presentation, Howard L. Shecter of Morgan Lewis made a presentation to the
board regarding the directors' duties and responsibilities in considering a
potential transaction with Novell. Salomon Smith Barney then made a
presentation to the board regarding possible transaction structures. The
attorneys for Novell and Cambridge began conducting their respective legal due
diligence reviews on February 9, 2001.
On February 10, 2001, Willard Smith, Novell's vice president of mergers and
acquisitions, and representatives from Ernst & Young LLP, Novell's auditors and
Morgan Stanley met in Cambridge, Massachusetts with members of Cambridge's
management team, including Mr. Messman, Joseph A. LaSala, Jr., senior vice
president, general counsel and secretary, John J. Gavin Jr., senior vice
president, chief financial officer and treasurer, Gerard Van Kemmel, executive
vice president and chief operating officer, and Alan J. Friedman, senior vice
president--human resources, and Salomon Smith Barney, to conduct business and
financial due diligence.

   On February 12, 2001, Mr. Messman met in San Jose, California with Dr.
Schmidt, John A. Young, a director of Novell, and Larry W. Sonsini, a director
of Novell and a member of Novell's outside legal counsel, Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, to have further discussions
regarding a possible transaction between Cambridge and Novell.

   Also on February 12, 2001, members of Cambridge management, including Mr.
LaSala, Mr. Gavin, Mr. Friedman, and Gary F. Schuster, senior vice president--
communications, and Salomon Smith Barney met in San Jose, California with
members of Novell management, including Mr. Raney, Mr. Smith, Dr. Carl S.
Ledbetter, chief technology officer, Alex Salehi, vice president of worldwide
consulting services and Ronald Foster, vice president and corporate controller
and Morgan Stanley, to conduct business and financial due diligence on Novell.

   During the period between February 12, 2001 and March 12, 2001, Wilson
Sonsini and Morgan Lewis continued their respective legal due diligence reviews
and engaged in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed
merger.

   The Novell board of directors met on February 13, 2001 and was updated by
management and its legal and financial advisors on the status of discussions
with Cambridge. On February 14, 2001, Mr. Messman had a

telephone conversation with Dr. Schmidt, and Dr. Schmidt invited Mr. Messman to
make a presentation to the Novell board of directors.

   On February 25, 2001, Dr. Schmidt, Mr. Messman and Mr. Gavin met in San
Jose, California with Salomon Smith Barney to discuss the merits of the
proposed strategic combination.

   On February 26, 2001, Mr. Messman, Mr. Gavin and Salomon Smith Barney met
with representatives from Morgan Stanley to review the merits of the proposed
strategic combination.

   On February 26, 2001 and February 27, 2001, members of the Novell and
Cambridge senior management teams and their respective financial advisors held
a series of conference calls and meetings to review preliminary terms and
continue discussions regarding a proposed combination. As part of these
discussions, Mr. Messman and Mr. Gavin met in San Jose, California with Messrs.
Schmidt, Young and Sonsini.

   On February 27, 2001, the Novell board of directors met to discuss the
results of the meetings between the management teams of Novell and Cambridge.
At the meeting, Novell's legal advisors reviewed the fiduciary duties of the
board with regard to the proposed transaction. Additionally, Mr. Messman met
with members of Novell senior management in Provo, Utah.

   On February 28, 2001, members of the Cambridge board of directors met with
Cambridge senior management and Salomon Smith Barney to discuss the status of
discussions between Novell and Cambridge. Mr. Messman provided a detailed
review, including a summary of the diligence efforts and review of the
strategic rationale and financial rationale for the proposed transaction.

   From March 2, 2001 through March 6, 2001, Novell and its financial advisors
met with Cambridge and its financial advisor in the United States and in Europe
to conduct further due diligence and review the potential transaction benefits.

   From March 6, 2001 through March 11, 2001, representatives from Novell and
Cambridge and its financial advisor and their respective advisors continued to
negotiate the terms of the proposed merger, including the exchange ratio,
restrictions on Cambridge's ability to pursue alternative transactions,
representations, warranties, consents, termination provisions and conditions to
the closing of the merger.

   On March 8, 2001, the Novell board of directors met to review reports by
Novell's management and Novell's legal and financial advisors on the status of
due diligence and negotiations with Cambridge. The board discussed the reports
and instructed management and Novell's legal and financial advisors to continue
with due diligence and negotiations.

   On March 9, 2001, the Cambridge board met via telephone. Present at the
meeting were the directors, senior management of Cambridge, Salomon Smith
Barney and Howard L. Shecter of Morgan Lewis. Mr. Messman began the meeting by
reviewing the status of the proposed transaction with Novell and by providing a
strategic overview. He then summarized the diligence efforts to date. Following
Mr. Messman's presentation, Salomon Smith Barney presented an analysis of the
financial terms of the proposed merger with Novell and delivered its oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing as of March 12, 2001, as to the
fairness of the exchange ratio, from a financial point of view, to the holders
of Cambridge common stock. Mr. Shecter then made a presentation summarizing the
status of negotiations on the merger agreement and the results of Morgan
Lewis's diligence review to date. Mr. Gavin then updated the board on
Cambridge's financial due diligence review of Novell.

   On March 12, 2001, the Novell board met with Novell management and its
advisors to review the proposed terms of the acquisition of Cambridge. At the
meeting, Novell's legal advisors discussed the terms of the merger agreement
and related documents. Novell's financial advisors then gave a presentation to
the board. The board discussed, among other things, the status of negotiations,
the potential benefits and risks of the transaction and the principal terms of
the proposed merger. Following discussion, the Novell board approved

the transaction on the terms presented with instructions to management to
negotiate and finalize the open issues and to sign the merger agreement later
that day.
Also on March 12, 2001, the Cambridge board met to review the terms of the
transaction. At this meeting, the members of management of Cambridge discussed
the results of the negotiations and the terms of the proposed merger, including
status and timing of the transaction, pricing and valuation of the proposed
merger, strategies and business opportunities with Novell, various business
issues relating to the merger, and a review of Novell's financial performance
and prospects. Mr. Shecter made a presentation to the Cambridge board during
which he reminded the directors of their duties and responsibilities under
Delaware law. He then summarized the results of Morgan Lewis's due diligence
review and outlined the terms of the proposed merger agreement, including
restrictions on Cambridge's ability to pursue alternative transactions, closing
conditions and termination provisions, the voting agreement, affiliate
agreements and other relevant documents. Lastly, Mr. Shecter identified the
final outstanding legal issues, and he apprised the Cambridge board that some
officers and directors of Cambridge, including Mr. Messman, had interests which
might conflict with the interests of Cambridge stockholders. Salomon Smith
Barney then reviewed its March 9, 2001 presentation and confirmed its opinion
as to the fairness of the exchange ratio, from a financial point of view, to
the holders of Cambridge common stock. Following these presentations and the
related discussions by the Cambridge board, the Cambridge board of directors
concluded that the merger was in the best interests of Cambridge stockholders,
declared the merger advisable, approved the proposed terms of the merger and
the merger agreement in substantially the form presented, authorized
Cambridge's officers to complete the negotiations and execute the merger
agreement and resolved to recommend that Cambridge stockholders vote to adopt
the merger agreement. In connection with the merger, the board also resolved to
amend the Cambridge stockholder rights plan to exempt Novell and the merger
from the provisions of the rights plan. Warren Musser, a Cambridge director who
was then the chief executive officer of Safeguard, abstained from the vote
citing unique investment company issues faced by Safeguard as a result of the
proposed transaction as the reason for abstention.
After the close of trading on March 12, 2001, Cambridge, Novell and Ceres
Neptune entered into the merger agreement and Mr. Messman entered into a voting
agreement with Novell. In addition, Cambridge amended its stockholder rights
plan. Immediately following the signing of the merger agreement, Novell and
Cambridge issued a joint press release announcing the merger.

   On May 22, 2001, Novell and Jack L. Messman entered into an employment
agreement concerning Mr.  Messman's employment as chief executive officer and
president of Novell following the merger. Please see the section entitled "--
Interests of Cambridge directors and officers in the merger--Jack L. Messman"
on pages 42 and 43 of this proxy statement-prospectus for a summary of the
terms of the employment agreement.

   As of May 24, 2001, Cambridge, Novell and Ceres Neptune entered into
amendment no. 1 to the merger agreement which provides for the cancellation of
all outstanding Cambridge options and for the termination of the Cambridge
stock plans at the closing. In addition, the amendment provides for the grant
of Novell stock options to some Cambridge executives, non-executives and
directors and for the grant of restricted shares of Novell stock to some
Cambridge executives. Please see the section entitled "--Equity grants and
employee benefits after completion of the merger for Cambridge employees" on
pages 44 to 46 of this proxy statement-prospectus for a summary of these
grants.

Joint reasons for the merger

   The boards of directors of Novell and Cambridge have determined that a
combined company would be positioned to compete more effectively in the market,
thereby increasing the potential for improved long-term operating and financial
results. In particular, the boards believe that the merger will create the
opportunity for Novell and Cambridge to:

  . provide their customers with new Web-based products and services that
    will better serve the needs of customers;

  . develop software products that help extend businesses to better utilize
    the Internet; and

  . develop products around leading application platforms and other
    information technology resources supported by Net services software from
    Novell.

Recommendation of, and factors considered by, the Cambridge board of directors

   At a meeting of the Cambridge board of directors on March 12, 2001, after
due consideration, the Cambridge board:

  . determined that the merger is in the best interests of Cambridge and its
    stockholders;

  . approved the merger and the merger agreement; and

  . determined to recommend that the stockholders of Cambridge adopt the
    merger agreement and approve the transactions contemplated thereby.

Accordingly, the Cambridge board of directors recommends that the Cambridge
stockholders vote FOR adoption of the merger agreement.

   In reaching its decision to approve the merger and to recommend such merger
to its stockholders, the board of directors consulted with Cambridge senior
management and with Cambridge's advisors, Salomon Smith Barney and Morgan
Lewis. In reaching its decision, the board considered all of the reasons
described above under "Joint Reasons for the Merger," including the board's
belief that a combined company would be positioned to compete more effectively
in the market, thereby increasing the potential for improved long-term
operating and financial results. The Cambridge board also considered the
following factors which it believes favor approval of the merger:

  . Merger Consideration--The Cambridge board analyzed the market value of
    the Novell common stock to be issued in exchange for each share of
    Cambridge common stock in light of comparable merger transactions.

  . Opinion of Salomon Smith Barney--The Cambridge board considered the
    opinion of Salomon Smith Barney, issued on March 12, 2001 to the
    Cambridge board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point
    of view, of the exchange ratio to the holders of Cambridge common stock.
    A copy of the Salomon Smith Barney opinion is attached as Annex B hereto.

  . Presentation of Salomon Smith Barney--The Cambridge board considered the
    various financial information, valuation analyses and other factors set
    forth in the presentation by Salomon Smith Barney at the Cambridge board
    meeting on March 12, 2001, including those described below in the section
    entitled "Opinion of Cambridge's financial advisor."

  . Historical Information--The Cambridge board considered historical
    information concerning Novell's and Cambridge's respective businesses,
    financial performance and conditions, operations, technologies,
    management and competitive positions, including public reports concerning
    results of operations during the most recent fiscal year and fiscal
    quarter for each company filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission.

  . Market Conditions--The Cambridge board considered current financial
    market conditions, historical market prices, and volatility and trading
    information with respect to Novell common stock and Cambridge common
    stock.

  . Available Alternatives--The Cambridge board considered potential
    transactions with third parties based on inquiries made by Salomon Smith
    Barney at the direction of Cambridge management, as well as Cambridge
    management's view on the potential for other third parties to enter into
    strategic relationships with, or to acquire, Cambridge.

  . Possible Decline in Market Price of Cambridge Shares--The Cambridge board
    considered the possibility that if a transaction with Novell is not
    consummated and Cambridge remained a publicly owned corporation, the
    price that might be received by Cambridge stockholders in the open market
    or in a future transaction might be less than the consideration to be
    received pursuant to the merger.

  . Terms of the Merger Agreement--The Cambridge board considered the terms
    of the merger agreement, including, among others, the circumstances under
    which the Cambridge board may withdraw its recommendation of the merger,
    the Cambridge board's ability to consider a superior acquisition proposal
    and the conditions to closing of the merger.

  . Tax-Deferred Nature of Transaction--The Cambridge board noted that the
    merger is expected to be a tax-deferred transaction.

  . Transaction Accounted for as a Purchase--The Cambridge board noted that
    the merger is expected to be accounted for as a purchase transaction.

  . Trends in the Industry--The Cambridge board considered various trends in
    the information technology industry and the effect of industry
    consolidation on Cambridge's ability to compete effectively in existing
    markets.