The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Towne Services Inc & Private Business Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         In pursuing strategies to enhance shareholder value, both Private
Business and Towne have from time to time considered opportunities for
acquisitions, dispositions and strategic alliances. In August 1999, Bill King,
Chairman of Private Business, met in Atlanta with Drew Edwards, then the Chief
Executive Officer of Towne, to discuss the possibility of a transaction between
the companies. In early September 1999, Lynn Boggs and John Collins, directors
of Towne, and Henry Baroco, an officer and director of Towne, met in Nashville
to discuss a possible business combination with Mr. King, Tom Black, Brian
Conway, and Will Martin, directors and/or officers of Private Business. On
September 14th and 15th, 1999, a representative of Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown,
Private Business's financial advisor at the time, and Jerry Cover and Mr. Martin
from Private Business met in Atlanta with Mr. Baroco, Mr. Boggs, Glenn Sturm,
Mr. Collins, Bruce Lowthers, Cleve Shultz, and a representative of First Union
Securities, Towne's financial advisor, to conduct preliminary due diligence with
respect to the two companies. On October 13, 1999, Private Business and Towne
entered into a confidentiality agreement to allow the parties to share
additional information.
In response to being approached by Private Business, as well as by
another party, Towne formed a special committee of its directors on September
30, 1999. The committee authorized First Union to evaluate strategic
alternatives for Towne. As part of this engagement, the committee instructed
First Union to contact a select group of potential acquirors to assess their
interest in acquiring Towne. First Union prepared materials describing Towne and
assembled a list of twelve potentially interested parties based on their
complementary business lines, geographies and partnerships. On or about November
3, 1999, two of these parties submitted proposals. Private Business withdrew its
indication of interest on November 24, 1999, based in part on perceived
differences in corporate culture and management vision for the combined entity.
During November and December 1999, Towne continued discussions with the
remaining interested parties until discussions with each, for various reasons,
ceased. In January 2000, Towne's board of directors affirmatively discontinued
this process to focus internally on Towne's operations.

         On July 21, 2000, Towne informed First Union that it had received two
unsolicited expressions of interest in acquiring Towne. At its meeting on July
21, 2000, Towne's board again formed a special committee of directors, which
authorized First Union to pursue the two expressions of interest and to again
approach the group of potential strategic acquirors that First Union had
contacted in late 1999 to assess their current interest in a possible strategic
transaction with Towne. During August 2000, Towne conducted discussions with
five entities until those discussions with each, for a variety of reasons,
ceased.
In the fall of 2000, Mr. Boggs met certain individuals not affiliated
with either company regarding their interest in merging Private Business and
Towne and injecting additional capital into the combined company. In November
2000, Mr. Boggs met again with Mr. Black, Mr. Martin, and those individuals to
discuss this proposed transaction in more detail.

         On December 30, 2000, at Mr. McNamara's request, Mr. McNamara and Mr.
Boggs met to discuss the prospect of a strategic transaction between Towne and
Private Business. They reviewed the discussions that occurred in late 1999
between the two companies and discussed the possibility of entering into a new
confidentiality agreement to facilitate renewed discussions. Mr. McNamara
suggested that Mr. Boggs meet with the Chairman of Private Business's board of
directors and another of its directors.

         On January 4, 2001, the Private Business board of directors held a
meeting in Boston, Massachusetts in which the board received a report on Towne
from Mr. McNamara. Mr. McNamara summarized Towne's operations, capitalization
and recent market performance. The Private Business board generally discussed a
possible transaction with Towne and potential transaction structures. At that
meeting, the board also received a proposal from certain potential investors
that involved a potential equity infusion into Private Business arranged by
these individuals in conjunction with a combination of Private Business and
Towne. The board determined that it was in the company's best interest to deal
directly with Towne and declined to pursue the proposal made by the potential
investors.
On January 9, 2001, Mr. Boggs met in Atlanta with Mr. King and Bruce
Evans, a Private Business director, when they discussed the respective
companies, their operations, and the potential benefits of a strategic
combination. On February 3, 2001, Mr. McNamara and Mr. Boggs met in Nashville to
follow up on the Atlanta meeting and to discuss Mr. McNamara's returning to
Atlanta for further negotiations. At a Towne board meeting on February 8, 2001,
Mr. Boggs disclosed to the Towne board the previous conversations with Private
Business, but the Towne board took no actions on the matter. During the week of
February 14, the parties determined that before Mr. McNamara traveled to Atlanta
for another meeting, the parties would enter into a confidentiality agreement to
facilitate more detailed discussions and exchange of information.

         Between February 14 and February 16, Mr. Boggs, Mr. McNamara, Private
Business's legal counsel and Towne's legal counsel negotiated the terms of a
confidentiality agreement, which the parties signed on February 16.

         On February 19, Mr. McNamara and Private Business's Chief Financial
Officer, Fred Read, traveled to Towne's offices in Atlanta to conduct business
due diligence. They met with Mr. Boggs, Mr. Baroco and Towne's Chief Financial
Officer, Randall S. Vosler, and discussed various aspects of Towne's operations.
On March 1 and March 2, Mr. Boggs, Mr. Baroco and Mr. Vosler conducted
reciprocal business due diligence on Private Business at its headquarters in
Brentwood, Tennessee.
During the week of March 5, Mr. Boggs discussed the potential terms of
the merger with the other members of Towne's executive committee - Mr. Collins,
Mr. Sturm, Frank Brown, and Bahram Yusefzadeh. The executive committee took no
action at that time. On March 5, Mr. McNamara and Mr. Boggs discussed the
potential terms of a merger between Towne and Private Business by telephone. On
the same day, Mr. Boggs also discussed the potential terms of a merger in person
with Mr. Black at an industry convention in Las Vegas. On March 8, Private
Business's board of directors, along with Mr. McNamara and Mr. Read, conducted a
telephonic meeting at which the board members participating in the call
unanimously approved general parameters for entering into a letter of intent and
authorized Mr. Black and Mr. McNamara to finalize a letter of intent.
Discussions among the two companies and their respective legal and accounting
advisors continued through March 12, when Private Business and Towne executed a
letter of intent. That same day, each company issued a press release announcing
the letter of intent. During Towne's board meeting on March 12, the directors
unanimously voted to approve the letter of intent and to authorize Mr. Boggs to
execute the letter of intent.

         On March 14, Mr. Boggs, Mr. Baroco, Mr. Vosler and Towne's legal
counsel and accountants met with Mr. Black, Mr. McNamara, Mr. Read and other
members of Private Business's senior management, along with representatives of
its legal counsel and accountants, at Private Business's headquarters in
Brentwood, Tennessee to discuss a timetable and allocate responsibilities to
facilitate the transaction. On March 16, counsel for Private Business circulated
a draft merger agreement and began related negotiations with Towne's counsel.
From March 19 to 21, legal counsel for Private Business conducted legal
due diligence at Towne's Georgia headquarters. On March 21 and 22, Towne's legal
counsel conducted legal due diligence on Private Business at the offices of
Private Business's legal counsel in Nashville. On March 19 and 20, legal counsel
and accountants for the two companies, as well as certain members of their
senior management, conducted several conference calls to discuss structural,
accounting and legal issues.

         During the week of March 25, senior management of each entity conducted
business due diligence on the other. Mr. Black, Mr. McNamara, Mr. Read and Guy
Edwards of Private Business conducted on-site business due diligence at Towne's
Forseon division in Riverside, California on March 25. On March 27, Mr. Boggs,
Mr. Baroco, Mr. Vosler, and two other Towne employees conducted on-site business
due diligence at Private Business's headquarters. On March 28, 2001, members of
Private Business's senior management conducted on-site business due diligence on
Towne at its Georgia headquarters.

         Between March 16 and April 10, Private Business and Towne exchanged
revised drafts of the proposed merger agreement and continued discussions
regarding the merger. Private Business and its legal and financial advisors and
Towne and its legal and financial advisors participated in meetings and
discussions and conducted extensive negotiations to finalize the terms of the
definitive merger agreement.
On April 10, 2001, Private Business's board of directors received a
written fairness opinion from its financial advisor, Updata Capital, as well as
a copy of the proposed merger agreement and written analysis from Private
Business's senior management. On April 11, the Private Business board of
directors met by conference call to evaluate the proposed terms of the merger
and received related presentations from Private Business's financial and legal
advisors. At this meeting, the Private Business directors participating in the
decision unanimously approved the formation of Towne Acquisition Corporation as
a wholly owned subsidiary of Private Business and the merger of Towne
Acquisition Corporation into Towne pursuant to the merger agreement. On April
12, the Towne board of directors met to review the status of strategic
alternatives process and the desirability of effectuating the Private Business
transaction, and heard related presentations from Towne's financial and legal
advisors. Towne's directors participating in the decision unanimously approved
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by it. On April 12,
Private Business and Towne entered into a definitive merger agreement for the
merger of Towne Acquisition Corporation into Towne Services and, on April 16,
issued a joint press release announcing the merger.

FACTORS CONSIDERED BY, AND RECOMMENDATION OF, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PRIVATE
BUSINESS

         At its meeting on April 11, 2001, the members of Private Business's
board of directors unanimously:

         -        determined that the merger agreement and the merger are fair
                  to, and in the best interests of, Private Business and its
                  shareholders;

         -        approved the merger agreement with Towne, and the transactions
                  contemplated by it, including the merger;

         -        directed that the proposed transaction be submitted for
                  consideration by the Private Business shareholders; and


         -        recommended that the Private Business shareholders vote FOR
                  the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
                  transactions contemplated by it, including the merger and the
                  related issuance of Private Business common and preferred
                  stock and an amendment to Private Business's charter to effect
                  a one-for-three stock split of its common stock.

         In the course of reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement
and the transactions it contemplates, Private Business's board of directors
consulted with Private Business's senior management, as well as its legal
counsel and its financial advisors, and considered the following, among other,
significant factors:

         -        Relative Strengths. The financial performance and condition,
                  results of operations, asset quality, prospects and businesses
                  of each of Private Business and Towne as separate entities and
                  on a combined basis, including:

                  -        the revenues of the companies, their complementary
                           businesses and the potential for cost savings and
                           revenue growth;

                  -        the recent and historical stock price performance of
                           Private Business common stock and Towne common stock;
                           and

                  -        the percentage of Private Business that its
                           shareholders would own following the merger.


         -        Industry Leadership. The fact that the board believed that the
                  merger would make Private Business the dominant industry
                  leader.

         -        Strategic Fit. The strategic nature of the transaction, in
                  which Private Business will acquire assets in complementary
                  markets and create a company with a more geographically
                  diversified asset base, substantially greater resources and
                  increased opportunities for growth.

         -        Potential Synergies. The potential benefits to be derived from
                  the merger as described above under "General," including
                  potential cost savings and efficiencies that are expected to
                  result from the merger.

         -        Opinion of Financial Advisor. The analyses and presentation by
                  Updata Capital, Private Business's financial advisor, and its
                  opinion that, as of the date of the opinion and subject to the
                  matters described in its opinion, the merger consideration was
                  fair, from a financial point of view, to Private Business's
                  shareholders, as more fully described below under "Opinion of
                  Private Business's Financial Advisor."

         -        Management Reports. The judgment, advice and analysis of
                  Private Business's management, including the results of
                  Private Business's due diligence investigations.

         -        Accounting Treatment. The intended accounting for the merger
                  under the purchase method of accounting.

         -        Anticipated Tax Consequences. The structure of the transaction
                  as a generally tax-free reorganization for United States
                  federal income tax purposes, to the extent Towne common
                  shareholders receive Private Business common stock.

         -        Retained Name and Headquarters. The fact that after the merger
                  the name of the company will remain "Private Business, Inc.,"
                  and the headquarters of the company will remain in Brentwood,
                  Tennessee.

         -        Potential for Superior Third Party Proposals. The terms of the
                  merger agreement regarding third party proposals to engage in
                  a strategic transaction with Private Business, including the
                  potential payment by Private Business of a termination fee.

         -        Consent of Senior Lender. Private Business's obligation to
                  obtain the consent of its senior lender, and the fact that
                  obtaining this consent is a condition to Towne's and Private
                  Business's obligations to complete the merger.

         -        Shareholder Approval. The possibility that the merger may not
                  be completed even if it is approved by the shareholders of
                  both companies.

         -        Board and Officer Composition. The fact that Mr. Brown, Mr.
                  Sturm and Mr. Roberts, currently members of Towne's board of
                  directors, are expected to serve on the Private Business board
                  after the merger, and that, after the merger, Mr. Baroco, as
                  chief operating officer, will join Private Business's
                  executive officers to assist in the management of the combined
                  companies.

         -        Voting Agreements. The voting agreements entered into by the
                  directors of Private Business and Towne, and their shareholder
                  affiliates, supporting the merger.

         -        Merger Agreement. The terms and conditions of the merger
                  agreement not identified above, which together were viewed as
                  fair to, and in the best interests of, Private Business and
                  its shareholders.

         All business combinations, including the merger, involve certain risks
and disadvantages. The material potential risks and disadvantages to Private
Business's shareholders identified by the Private Business board of directors
and management in considering the merger include the following:

         -        the time and resources required to complete the merger, with
                  the completion of the merger being subject to various
                  conditions (see "The Merger Agreement and Related Agreements -
                  Conditions");

         -        the risks posed by potentially significant litigation
                  currently pending against Towne as detailed in "Legal
                  Proceedings" below;

         -        the fact that Towne has had negative earnings per share and
                  cash flow since inception, and that the transaction is
                  expected initially to dilute Private Business's earnings per
                  share;

         -        the risk that the consent of Private Business's senior lender
                  may not be obtained, or may be obtained on terms
                  disadvantageous or unsatisfactory to Private Business;

         -        the risk that the current holder of Towne's Series B preferred
                  stock does not accept Private Business Series B preferred
                  stock in exchange for its Towne Series B preferred stock, or
                  agrees to do so only on terms disadvantageous or
                  unsatisfactory to Private Business;

         -        the difficulties inherent in combining and integrating the two
                  companies and the potential distraction to management caused
                  by a transaction of this magnitude;

         -        the absence of post-closing remedies, including contractual
                  indemnification, for any breaches of Towne's representations
                  and warranties in the merger agreement; and

         -        the risk that the benefits sought from the merger might not be
                  fully achieved.