The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between VitalCom Inc & Data Critical Corp:
Background of the transaction

Joint reasons for the merger

Recommendations of Data Criticals board; Data Criticals reasons for the merger

Recommendations of VitalComs board; VitalComs reasons for the merger

Opinion of Data Criticals financial advisor

Opinion of VitalComs financial advisor

Interests of VitalComs officers and directors in the merger

Material U.S. federal income tax consequences

Accounting treatment

Regulatory filings and approvals required to complete the merger

Resale restrictions

Voting agreements

TERMS OF THE MERGER

The merger

Effective time of the merger

Conversion of securities

Employee plan and benefit arrangements

VitalCom stock options

Exchange of shares

Representations and warranties

Conduct of VitalComs business prior to completion of the merger

Conduct of Data Criticals business prior to completion of the merger

Covenants

No other negotiations involving VitalCom

No other negotiations involving Data Critical

Indemnification

Conditions

Termination of the merger agreement

Expenses; Termination fees

PAGE

Amendment; Extension; Waiver

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combining Balance Sheet

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combining Statements of Operations

Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combining Financial Statements

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF DATA CRITICAL CAPITAL STOCK AND

VITALCOM CAPITAL STOCK

THE ANNUAL MEETING OF DATA CRITICAL STOCKHOLDERSOTHER PROPOSALS

EXPERTS

LEGAL MATTERS

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FIN-1

APPENDIX A 

  Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March 12, 2001

APPENDIX B 

 Fairness Opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc.

APPENDIX C













 Fairness Opinion of Pinnacle Partners, Inc.

APPENDIX D 

 Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law

APPENDIX E 

 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Data Critical for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

APPENDIX F 

 Annual Report on Form 10-K of VitalCom for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

APPENDIX G 

 Data Critical Corporation 1999 Stock Option Plan

APPENDIX H 

 Data Critical Corporation Charter for the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE DATA CRITICAL/VITALCOM MERGER

Q:  Why are Data Critical and VitalCom proposing to merge?








A:  The merger will bring two leaders in the wireless hospital communications market together into a single company that Data Critical and VitalCom believe
will enjoy the benefits of scale, superior technology, broader product offerings, a wider customer base and a lower cost structure. Data Critical has concentrated on decentralized wireless communications and has a number of distribution and
marketing arrangements with key industry participants. VitalCom has focused on the centralized monitoring market and has developed innovative technology with far-reaching application to the wireless hospital communications market. The companies
believe that by combining they will be better able to compete, take advantage of market opportunities, and serve the needs of their customers than either company could independently. The merger offers the opportunity to combine and leverage two
highly complementary product lines, technologies and customer bases to the combined companys benefit, while reducing overall costs by consolidating and reducing corporate overhead, corporate and regulatory compliance expenses, and engineering,
manufacturing, management and sales functionswith the ultimate goal of accelerating the path to profitability.

Q:  If I am a VitalCom stockholder, what will I receive in the merger?

A:  If the merger is completed, you will receive 0.62 shares of Data Critical common stock for each share of VitalCom common stock that you own (other than
shares for which you have properly exercised your appraisal rights).


Data Critical will not issue fractions of its shares to you in the merger. Instead, you will receive cash equal to the product of the applicable fraction multiplied by
the average of the last reported sales prices of Data Critical common stock for the last 20 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the merger.

Q:  If I am a Data Critical stockholder, how will the merger affect me?

A:  While the merger will not directly affect your shares of Data Critical stock, your ownership percentage of the combined entity will be diluted. Based on
the capitalization of Data Critical on March 12, 2001, existing Data Critical stockholders will own approximately 70% of the combined company, and the former VitalCom stockholders will own approximately 30% of the combined company.

Q:  Will the exchange ratio change if the price of Data Critical common stock or VitalCom common stock fluctuates?

A:  No. The exchange ratio of 0.62 is fixed and will not be adjusted for any changes in the market price of either Data Critical common stock or VitalCom
common stock.

Q:  Will the shares of Data Critical common stock issued in the merger be freely transferable?

A:  All shares of Data Critical common stock received by VitalCom stockholders in the merger will be unrestricted and freely transferable, other than shares
received by VitalCom stockholders who are deemed to be affiliates of VitalCom or Data Critical. These affiliates will only be able to sell their shares in accordance with the resale restrictions of Rule 145 of the Securities Act.

Q:  What stockholder votes are required to complete the merger?

A:  A majority of the outstanding shares of VitalCom common stock entitled to vote must vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement. In addition, a
majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the Data Critical annual meeting must vote in favor of issuing the Data Critical common stock to VitalCom stockholders in the merger.

 Holders of approximately 61% of the outstanding VitalCom common stock have executed voting agreements agreeing to vote their VitalCom shares in favor of adopting the
merger agreement. These VitalCom stockholders have also irrevocably appointed Data Critical representatives as proxies to vote their VitalCom shares in favor of adoption of the merger agreement. Consequently, the voting agreements effectively ensure
that the required approval by VitalCom stockholders will be obtained, regardless of whether or how other VitalCom stockholders vote their shares. This is true even if the VitalCom board of directors withdraws or modifies its unanimous recommendation
that VitalCom stockholders vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.

Q:  How can I vote?

A:  After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should indicate on your proxy card how you
want to vote, and sign, date and mail the proxy card in the enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares are represented at the VitalCom special meeting or Data Critical annual meeting.

Q:  Can I change my vote after I have mailed my signed proxy card?

A:  Yes. You may revoke your signed proxy at any time before it is voted at Data Criticals or VitalComs stockholders meeting. To revoke your proxy
you may execute and deliver a proxy with a later date or a written notice of revocation to the corporate secretary (or, if your proxy relates to shares of Data Critical common stock, the assistant secretary). You may also revoke your signed proxy by
attending the stockholder meeting and voting in person.

Q:  If my broker holds my shares in street name, will my broker vote my shares for me?

A:  Your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote. You should instruct your broker to vote your shares according to the
directions your broker provides.

Q:  What will happen to my vote if I dont return or mark my proxy card?

A:  If you are a Data Critical stockholder and you sign, date and return your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted
as a vote FOR the proposals presented at the meeting. If you are a Data Critical stockholder and you fail to return your proxy card, it will have no effect on the vote taken at the annual meeting.

If you are a VitalCom stockholder and you sign, date and return your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote in favor
of adopting the merger agreement. If you are a VitalCom stockholder and you fail to return your proxy card, it will have the same effect as a vote against adopting the merger agreement.

Q:  Should VitalCom stockholders send in their stock certificates now?

A:  No. After the merger is completed, Data Critical or its exchange agent will send you written instructions for exchanging your VitalCom stock certificates
for Data Critical stock certificates.

Q:  When do you expect to complete the merger?



A:  Both companies are working toward completing the merger as quickly as possible. In addition to several other closing conditions, we must obtain approval
from the stockholders of both Data Critical and VitalCom before we can complete the merger. If we obtain all necessary approvals and the other closing conditions are satisfied, we hope to complete the merger in June 2001.

Q:  If I am a VitalCom stockholder, what are the tax consequences of the merger to me?

A:  In most cases, the exchange of shares by VitalCom stockholders will be tax-free for federal income tax purposes. However, you may have to
report a taxable gain or loss if, and to the extent that, you receive cash upon proper exercise of your appraisal rights or for fractional shares. To review the tax consequences to you and to VitalCom in more detail, see the discussion under the
heading The MergerMaterial U.S. federal income tax consequences beginning on page 73. You should also consult your tax advisor.

WHO CAN HELP ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS?

          If you have additional questions about this joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should
contact:

Data Critical Corporation

19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100

Bothell, WA 98011

Phone Number: (425) 482-7000

Attention: Investor Relations

VitalCom Inc.

15222 Del Amo Avenue

Tustin, CA 92680

Phone Number: (714) 546-0147

Attention: Cheryl Isen

          If you are a Data Critical stockholder and you have additional questions about solicitation of your proxy,
you should contact:

Mellon Investor Services LLC

85 Challenger Road

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

(917) 320-6285

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS









          The following documents that were filed with the SEC are attached as appendices to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus:



Data Criticals annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000; and



VitalComs annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

          This joint proxy statement/prospectus also incorporates by reference some documents that are not presented
in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. These include:



Data Criticals current reports on Form 8-K filed January 16, 2001, January 23, 2001, February 9, 2001, February 27,
2001, two filed March 27, 2001, one filed April 12, 2001 and one filed May 2, 2001.

          All information in the documents incorporated by reference is deemed to be a part of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded by information included in or incorporated by reference from subsequently filed documents into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

          We will provide a copy of any and all of the information that is incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus (not including exhibits to the information unless those exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus) to any person, without charge, upon their written or oral request.
Requests for documents filed by Data Critical should be delivered to Secretary, Data Critical Corporation, 19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100, Bothell, Washington 98011. Requests for documents filed by VitalCom should be delivered to Secretary,
VitalCom Inc., 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin, California 92680.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

          Data Critical and VitalCom file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by Data Critical and VitalCom at the SECs public reference rooms in Washington, D.C., New York City, and Chicago. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. Data Criticals and VitalComs filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and on the Internet at
http://www.sec.gov.
Data Critical filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC to register the Data Critical common
stock to be issued to VitalCom stockholders in the merger. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement. As allowed by the SECs rules, this joint proxy statement/prospectus does not contain all of the
information you can find in the registration statement or the exhibits to the registration statement. This joint proxy statement/prospectus summarizes some of the documents that are exhibits to the registration statement, and you should refer to the
exhibits for a more complete description of the matters covered by those documents.

          Neither Data Critical nor VitalCom has authorized anyone to give any information regarding the solicitation
of consents or the offering of shares of Data Critical common stock that is different from the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents to which we have referred you. This is not an offer to sell or a
solicitation of anyone to whom it would be unlawful to make an offer or solicitation. You should not assume that the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any time after the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, and neither the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to stockholders nor the issuance of Data Critical common stock in the merger should imply anything to the contrary.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

          Some of the statements in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements about the plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and future financial performance of Data Critical, VitalCom and the combined company and other statements that are not
historical facts. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future and intends, and similar expressions, to identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. You
should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ significantly from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described under Risk Factors beginning
on page 14 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. All forward-looking statements included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us as of the date hereof. Neither Data Critical
nor VitalCom is obligated to update any forward-looking statement or risk factor.

TRADEMARKS

          StatView, AlarmView, FlexView, ECGStat, Wireless Telemedicine, WT,
CardioVoice, WebChart, WebChart Cardiovascular, PocketChart, unwiredDr, Paceart and the Data Critical Corporation name and corporate logo are all trademarks of Data Critical Corporation. Data Critical also has
other trademarks that it uses in its business.

          VitalCom, OpenNet, SiteLink, PatientNet and Patient Browser are all trademarks of
VitalCom Inc. VitalCom has other trademarks that it uses in its business.

          This joint proxy statement/prospectus may also include trade names and trademarks of companies other than
Data Critical or VitalCom. Our use of any third-party trade name or trademark in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is in an editorial fashion only, and to the benefit of the owner thereof, with no intention of commercially using or infringing
any trade name or trademark.

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy statement/prospectus and may not
contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the merger fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the merger, you should carefully read this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents to
which we have referred you.

          VitalCom has provided the information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus about VitalCom, and Data
Critical has provided the information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus about Data Critical.

The Companies

Data Critical.
    Data Critical Corporation is a leader in the design,
manufacture, marketing and support of wireless health information communication systems for use by caregivers. Data Criticals technology enables access to patient-specific vital signs and other diagnostic data. Its systems transmit complex and
time-critical patient data over a wireless network and enable remote access through either its proprietary interactive device, a personal computer or the Internet. Its systems are designed to enhance the quality, cost effectiveness, efficiency,
safety and outcome of healthcare.