The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Mediconsult.com Inc & CyBear Inc(Andryx Corp):
Background of the Merger

         During the last several years, Mediconsult has held conversations with
a number of companies to evaluate possible business combinations or strategic
alliances. In the third quarter of 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors
began considering alternatives to maximize shareholder value and raise
additional capital.

         Mediconsult's advisors contacted a number of companies that they and
Mediconsult had identified as candidates for a possible business combination or
strategic alliance with Mediconsult. In the last week of August, 2000, Robert A.
Jennings, the then Chairman of Mediconsult, received an indication of interest
from a third party regarding a possible strategic transaction or business
combination between the two companies.

         Beginning the first week in September 2000, Ian Sutcliffe, Chief
Executive Officer of Mediconsult, and E. Michael Ingram, Chief Financial Officer
of Mediconsult, had several telephone conversations with the senior management
of the third party who had expressed an interest in Mediconsult to explore the
possibility of a strategic transaction between the companies.

         An initial meeting with senior management of this third party was held
on Monday, September 18, 2000, to discuss potential terms for a transaction
between the two companies. Meetings between the two parties continued through
the balance of September and into October, 2000.

         On October 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss possible strategic transactions. At the meeting, Mr. Ingram
disclosed that Mediconsult had been approached by a third party about a possible
transaction between the two companies, a nondisclosure agreement had been signed
by the two companies and due diligence on the third party had begun.
Andrx has eight proprietary drug delivery technologies that it has
patented for certain applications or for which it has filed for patent
protection for certain applications. Andrx believes its technologies are
flexible and can be modified to apply to a variety of pharmaceutical products.
Andrx uses its proprietary drug delivery technologies and formulation skills to
develop:

         o    bioequivalent versions of selected controlled-release brand name
              pharmaceuticals; and

         o    brand name controlled-release formulations of existing
              immediate-release or controlled-release drugs where it believes
              that the application of Andrx's drug delivery technologies may
              improve the efficacy or other characteristics of those products.

         Controlled-release drug delivery technologies generally provide more
consistent and appropriate drug levels in the bloodstream than immediate-release
dosage forms and may improve drug efficacy and reduce side effects by releasing
drug dosages at specific times and in specific locations in the body. These
technologies also allow for the development of "patient friendly" dosage forms,
which reduce the number of times a drug must be taken, thus improving patient
compliance.

         Through its distribution operations, Andrx also sell drugs manufactured
by third parties primarily to independent pharmacies, pharmacy chains which do
not maintain their own central warehousing facilities and pharmacy buying
groups.

         Cybear is an information technology company that is using the Internet
to improve the efficiency of clinical, administrative and communications tasks
associated with patient care from providers through the secure and reliable
transmission of this information.

Mediconsult.com, Inc.
560 White Plains Road
Tarrytown, New York 10591
Telephone: (914) 332-6100


         Mediconsult.com, Inc. is a provider of solutions using the Internet to
educate and connect doctors and patients. Mediconsult's websites and Internet
services educate physicians, educate chronic patients and enable more effective
doctor-patient relationships. Mediconsult provides doctors and patients with

access to relevant communities, reliable tools and quality medical information
that Mediconsult believes save doctors time and improve health outcomes for
their patients.

         Mediconsult's focus is on the chronic medical conditions that are
the cause of the majority of healthcare spending. By fostering communities of
physicians and patients centered on prevalent medical conditions and health
issues, we believe that Mediconsult creates significant opportunities for
pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies to effectively reach physician and
patient audiences using Internet-based medical education, marketing and
sponsorship programs.

The Merger (See page ____)

         The boards of directors of Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult approved a
merger agreement that will result in Mediconsult's becoming part of Cybear. If
the merger is completed, you will receive shares of Cybear tracking stock in
exchange for your shares of Mediconsult common stock. We strongly encourage you
to read the merger agreement, attached as Annex A to this document, carefully
because it is the legal document that governs the merger.
You will receive, in the aggregate and subject to adjustment,
approximately 11,731,459 shares of Cybear tracking stock in the merger, or
approximately 42.9% of the issued and outstanding shares of Cybear tracking
stock following the merger. You will receive 0.1430 shares, subject to
adjustment, of Cybear tracking stock for each share of Mediconsult common stock
you own. Under the merger agreement, options and warrants to purchase
Mediconsult common stock that are outstanding immediately before the effective
time of the merger will be assumed by Andrx Corporation and converted into
options and warrants to purchase Cybear tracking stock at the rate of 0.1430
shares, subject to adjustment, of Cybear tracking stock for each share of
Mediconsult common stock into which your option or warrant is convertible. The
merger is subject to several conditions, including the restructuring of certain
obligations and amendment of certain agreements of Mediconsult. The number of
shares of Cybear tracking stock Mediconsult's stockholders will receive is,
however, subject to adjustment. Therefore, the exact number of shares of Cybear
tracking stock Mediconsult stockholders will receive may be less than 11,731,459
but not less than 9,385,723.

         We anticipate that immediately after the merger, approximately 42.9% of
the outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock will be held by former
Mediconsult stockholders and parties who will receive shares of Mediconsult
common stock prior to the merger in connection with the restructuring of certain
obligations and amendment of certain agreements. The exact percentage will
depend on the adjustment made, if any.

Risks Involved with the Merger (See page ____)

         An investment in Cybear tracking stock involves a high degree of risk.
You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the section entitled
"Risk Factors."

Special Meeting (See page_____)

         Record Date; Voting Power




         If you are a Mediconsult stockholder, you are entitled to vote at the
special meeting if you owned shares of Mediconsult common stock as of the record
date for that special meeting, which was the close of business on January 31,
2001.

         On January 31, 2001, there were 55,690,636 shares of Mediconsult common
stock outstanding. For each share of Mediconsult common stock owned on that
date, Mediconsult stockholders will have one vote at the special meeting.

         Quorum; Required Vote of Mediconsult Common Stockholders

         The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult
common stock must be present, in person or by proxy, at the special meeting for
there to be a quorum. The merger requires the approval by a majority of all of
the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock entitled to vote at the
Mediconsult special meeting. If you fail to vote or abstain from voting, it has
the effect of a vote against the merger. Robert A. Jennings, a principal
stockholder and director, and JHC Limited, an entity controlled by Mr. Jennings,
together representing 12,597,752 shares of Mediconsult common stock or 22.6% of
the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock, have already agreed to vote
in favor of the merger. As of January 31, 2001, Andrx Corporation, its directors
and executive officers, and their affiliates, held no shares of Mediconsult
common stock.

         Share Ownership of Management and Directors

         On January 31, 2001, directors and executive officers of Mediconsult
owned and were entitled to vote 15,383,752 shares of Mediconsult common stock,
or approximately 27.2% of the Mediconsult common stock outstanding on that date.


Mediconsult's Reasons for the Merger (See page ___)

         At the meeting held by the Mediconsult board of directors on January 9,
2001, the Mediconsult board of directors, by a unanimous vote of all directors,
determined that the terms of the merger were advisable, fair to, and in the best
interests of, Mediconsult and its stockholders, approved the merger agreement
and authorized and directed certain executive officers to execute the merger
agreement on behalf of Mediconsult.

         Mediconsult executed the merger agreement on January 9, 2001 and issued
a press release announcing the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated therein on January 10, 2001.

         Accordingly, the Mediconsult board of directors, having unanimously
approved the merger agreement and determined that the merger is advisable, fair
to, and in the best interests of, Mediconsult and its stockholders, recommends
that the Mediconsult stockholders vote FOR adoption of the merger agreement.

         The decision of the Mediconsult board of directors to approve the
merger agreement on January 9, 2001, followed several months of exploring and
analyzing the various strategic and financial alternatives available to
Mediconsult. During this period, the Mediconsult board of directors met numerous
times and reviewed in detail the business, results of operations and prospects
of Mediconsult.

         In making its recommendation to the Mediconsult stockholders with
respect to the merger, the Mediconsult board of directors considered a number of
factors. These factors, to which no relative weights have been assigned, include
the following:

         o    The investigation and review by the Mediconsult board of directors
              of the merger;

         o    The knowledge and review by the Mediconsult board of directors and
              its advisors of the current business, assets and financial
              condition and future prospects of Mediconsult, including its
              working capital deficit;

         o    The information provided to the Mediconsult board of directors by
              the officers of Mediconsult with respect to the financial terms
              and other aspects of the merger;

         o    The presentation of McFarland Dewey & Co., LLC, Mediconsult's
              financial advisor, delivered to the Mediconsult board of directors
              at its meetings on January 4, 2001 and

              January 9, 2001, including McFarland Dewey's written opinion,
              dated January 9, 2001, that, as of such date, and based upon and
              subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set
              forth in such opinion, the exchange ratio, including any
              adjustment, is fair to the Mediconsult stockholders from a
              financial point of view (see "-- Opinion of Mediconsult's
              Financial Advisor");

         o    The review of the material terms and conditions of the merger as
              reflected in the merger agreement, including the amount and form
              of consideration;

         o    The review of the material terms and conditions of the interim
              financing provided to Mediconsult by Cybear, including the amount
              of the principal, the interest rate, the maturity date, the fact
              that the loan would be evidenced by a note secured by the assets
              and common stock of Physicians' Online, Inc., a wholly-owned
              subsidiary of Mediconsult, as well as warrants to purchase shares
              of Mediconsult's common stock;

         o    Alternatives to the merger, including a proposed strategic
              transaction with a third party other than Andrx Corporation, the
              risks of liquidation and other alternatives that are less
              attractive for Mediconsult stockholders;

         o    The fact that the combined companies will be positioned to service
              the growing needs of the on-line healthcare industry and hope to
              expand upon their relationships with key clients and to attract
              additional client relationships by offering a complete range of
              on-line services;

         o    The structure of the merger, which would permit holders of
              Mediconsult common stock (except for the holders of notes) to
              convert all of their shares of Mediconsult common stock on a
              tax-free basis; and

         o    Such other matters as the Mediconsult board of directors deemed
              appropriate or necessary in considering the merger.

Opinion of McFarland Dewey (See page __)


         An opinion was rendered to Mediconsult's board of directors by
McFarland Dewey, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
exchange ratio to the Mediconsult's stockholders in the merger. The Mediconsult
board of directors received an oral opinion on January 9, 2001, subsequently
confirmed in writing as of the same date, from McFarland Dewey to the effect
that, as of the date of the opinion and based upon and subject to the matters
described in the opinion, the exchange ratio is fair, from a financial point of
view to the holders of Mediconsult common stock. We have included this opinion
as Annex B to this document.

         The opinion is directed to the Mediconsult's board of directors and is
not a recommendation to stockholders with respect to any matter relating to the
merger. We urge you to read carefully the opinion in its entirety.

Recommendations to Stockholders (See page ____)

         The Mediconsult's board of directors believes that the merger is
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Mediconsult and for its
stockholders and unanimously recommends that Mediconsult's stockholders vote FOR
the merger.

United States Federal Income Tax Considerations (See page __)

         We believe that for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Mediconsult
stockholders generally should not recognize any gain or loss as a result of the
merger, except with respect to cash received by the Mediconsult stockholders in
lieu of fractional shares of Cybear tracking stock and any cash paid to
dissenting stockholders.


         The U.S. federal income tax consequences are summarized below under the
heading "United States Federal Income Tax Considerations." Tax matters are very
complex and the tax consequences of the merger to you could depend on the facts
of your own situation. We urge you to consult your tax advisors for a full
description of the tax consequences of the merger to you.

Appraisal Rights (See page____)

         Mediconsult is a Delaware corporation. If the Cybear tracking stock is
not listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the effective date of
the merger, the Mediconsult stockholders will have the right to an appraisal of
the value of their shares of Mediconsult common stock, if any. If the Cybear
tracking stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the
effective date of the merger, the Mediconsult stockholders will have no
appraisal rights. Nasdaq has recently notified Andrx Corporation that the Cybear
tracking stock is not in compliance with the continued listing requirements.

         If appraisal rights exist, any Mediconsult stockholder who does not
wish to receive the 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock for each share of
Mediconsult common stock he, she or it holds in connection with the merger has
the right under Delaware law to have the "fair value" of his, her or its shares
determined by the Delaware Chancery Court. This "right of appraisal" is subject
to a number of restrictions and technical requirements. Generally, in order to
exercise appraisal rights:

         o    you must not vote in favor of the merger; and

         o    you must make a written demand for appraisal in compliance with
              Delaware law before the vote on the merger.

         Merely voting against the merger will not protect your right of
appraisal. Annex E to this proxy statement/prospectus contains the Delaware
statutory provision relating to your appraisal rights. Failure to follow all of
the steps required by this provision will result in the loss of your appraisal
rights. The Delaware law requirements for exercising appraisal rights are
explained on pages ____ to ____ of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Accounting Treatment (See page __)

         The acquisition of the shares of Mediconsult common stock from the
Mediconsult stockholders will be accounted for by Andrx Corporation as a
purchase of a business. Under this method of accounting, the assets and
liabilities of Mediconsult acquired by Andrx Corporation will be recorded at
their fair value, and any excess of Andrx Corporation's purchase price over the
fair value will be accounted for as goodwill, which will be amortized over no
more than five years and allocated to Cybear.

Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement (See page __)

         The merger agreement contemplates the merger of a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Andrx Corporation with and into Mediconsult, with Mediconsult
surviving the merger. Upon the consummation of the merger, Mediconsult will
become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation and part of Cybear. The
merger will become effective on the date and time that the certificate of merger
is filed with the Delaware Secretary of State or such other date and time
specified in the certificate of merger.

         The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by Andrx
Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary and Mediconsult which are customary for
agreements of this nature. The merger agreement also contains customary
covenants. Some of the covenants include:

         o    Mediconsult's agreement to obtain an agreement from Robert A.
Jennings, a director and principal stockholder of Mediconsult, and from JHC
Limited, an entity controlled by Mr. Jennings, to vote in favor of the merger.

         o    Andrx Corporation's agreement to cause Cybear Inc. to provide
Mediconsult with up to $2,000,000 in interim financing to fund its operating
activities until the consummation of the merger or termination of the merger
agreement.

         o    Mediconsult's agreement that it will not solicit, initiate or
encourage or take any action which would facilitate a takeover proposal or
engage in negotiations or disclose any nonpublic information or give access to
its properties, books or records to any person who is considering making or has
made a takeover proposal. Mediconsult may engage in negotiations, however, under
certain conditions.

         The merger will be completed only if specific conditions are satisfied
or waived, including the restructuring of certain obligations and amendment of
certain agreements.

         The merger agreement can be terminated at any time before the merger is
completed. In certain circumstances, Mediconsult has agreed to pay Andrx
Corporation a termination fee of $1,000,000 and granted to Andrx Corporation a
breakup warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of Mediconsult's common stock as of the
termination date. The termination fee and the breakup warrant, along with the
nonsolicitation provisions, may discourage third parties who are interested in
acquiring a significant stake in Mediconsult, and these provisions are intended
by Andrx Corporation to increase the likelihood that the merger will be
completed.

Description of Andrx Corporation Capital Stock (See page __)