The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Bergen Brunswig Corp & AmeriSource Health Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         Each of AmeriSource and Bergen have from time to time evaluated
potential acquisitions or combinations that would further the companies'
strategic objectives, including consolidation opportunities in the
pharmaceutical wholesaling industry and supplementing the core wholesaling
business with complementary businesses. The senior management of each of
AmeriSource and Bergen has periodically reviewed these strategic opportunities
with their respective boards.
In February of 2000, R. David Yost, Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer of AmeriSource, and Robert E. Martini, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Bergen, initiated conversations regarding a potential
business combination involving AmeriSource and Bergen through a stock-for-stock
merger of equals. Following some initial discussions, AmeriSource retained legal
counsel and Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor. Bergen retained legal
counsel and Merrill Lynch as its financial advisor. In addition, after the
initial conversations, representatives of AmeriSource and Bergen engaged in
preliminary discussions and conducted preliminary due diligence reviews of the
other company in order to evaluate the merits of a potential business
combination. However, while the boards of directors of both companies considered
the strategic rationale of a proposed combination and regulatory considerations,
these discussions between the parties never progressed beyond preliminary
matters.

         In July of 2000, Mr. Yost and Mr. Martini resumed discussions of the
benefits of a potential merger of equals transaction and decided to attempt to
structure and negotiate the terms and conditions of such a transaction.

         Following this discussion, AmeriSource and Bergen entered into a mutual
confidentiality and standstill agreement, dated July 19, 2000. Following
execution of the confidentiality agreement, during the months of July and
August, 2000 representatives of AmeriSource and Bergen met on several occasions
to conduct further due diligence reviews of the other company and to discuss
potential synergies that could be realized through a business combination.
During this period, the legal and financial advisors of AmeriSource and Bergen
also began preliminary due diligence reviews of the companies and commenced
preliminary discussions regarding the terms and conditions of a transaction. The
legal advisors also began drafting and negotiating a merger agreement. However,
the parties never reached agreement, and the parties terminated negotiations in
early September, 2000.

         On December 4, 2000, following the announcement of the proposed
acquisition of Bindley Western Industries, Inc. by Cardinal Health, Inc., Mr.
Yost and Mr. Martini discussed the announced Cardinal Health - Bindley Western
merger and the implications of the transaction for the pharmaceutical
wholesaling industry. No further discussions between AmeriSource and Bergen were
planned.

         On December 21, 2000, Mr. Yost and Mr. Martini spoke and mutually
decided to resume discussions regarding a potential merger of equals
transaction. Following these initial discussions, Mr. Yost and Mr. Martini each
had separate conversations with a number of important customers of AmeriSource
or Bergen regarding a potential business combination and received expressions of
support from the customers for such a business combination between AmeriSource
and Bergen; certain of these customers contacted AmeriSource or Bergen on their
own initiative.

         In January of 2001, AmeriSource and Bergen, and their respective
advisors, intensified discussions and resumed due diligence efforts. On January
8 and 9, senior management of AmeriSource and Bergen, along with their
respective legal and financial advisors, met to discuss a possible merger of
equals transaction and to conduct financial due diligence. During these
meetings, the parties discussed the material terms of a possible transaction,
including management of the combined company, the terms of a draft merger
agreement, the exchange ratio and required regulatory approvals. Although no
agreement was reached regarding the proposed transaction, future discussions
were contemplated and each party continued to conduct due diligence.
During the month of January and the first half of February 2001,
representatives of AmeriSource and Bergen and their respective auditors
investigated and discussed whether the proposed merger could be accounted for as
a "pooling of interests" for financial reporting purposes. Following these
investigations and discussions, AmeriSource and Bergen determined that the
proposed merger would likely be accounted for as a "purchase transaction" for
financial reporting purposes and considered the implications of accounting for
the proposed merger as a "purchase transaction" under current accounting rules
on the reported earnings, if any, of the combined AmeriSource and Bergen entity
following a merger.

         On February 7, 2001, senior management of AmeriSource and Bergen, along
with their respective legal and financial advisors, met to continue discussions
of the material terms of the proposed transaction, including the accounting
treatment of the potential merger. While the meeting concluded without agreement
on the terms of the proposed transaction, representatives of AmeriSource and
Bergen, as well as their respective advisors, thereafter intensified due
diligence activities and negotiations of a merger agreement and related
transaction agreements.

         On February 12 through 15, 2001, representatives of AmeriSource and
Bergen and certain financial advisors met to conduct due diligence reviews and
discuss synergies that could be realized as a result of the merger.

         On February 14, 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
the Exposure Draft of the proposed Statement entitled Business Combinations and
Intangible Assets - Accounting for Goodwill, dated February 14, 2001, proposing,
among other things, that goodwill not be amortized unless such goodwill is found
to be impaired in which case an impairment charge would be taken to reduce
goodwill to its fair value.
On February 21, 2001, representatives of AmeriSource and Bergen and
their respective legal and financial advisors again met to discuss the proposed
transaction, including consummating the merger through a newly established
holding company and that the proposed merger be conditioned on the Financial
Accounting Standards

Board promulgating a final Statement of Financial Accounting Standards that
provides for accounting treatment of the merger in all material respects as in
Intangible Assets - Accounting for Goodwill, dated February 14, 2001. During
this meeting, there were again discussions, but no agreement about an
appropriate exchange ratio and governance and management structure for the
merged entity. However, following this meeting, Mr. Yost and Mr. Martini
continued to discuss the terms of the proposed transaction in a series of
meetings and telephone conversations over the next three weeks. In addition, the
parties' legal advisors continued to negotiate a definitive merger agreement and
other agreements related to the proposed transaction.
On the afternoon of Monday, March 12, 2001, the board of directors of
Bergen held a special meeting to discuss the progress of negotiations with
AmeriSource. At this meeting, senior management of Bergen presented the
strategic rationale for a possible transaction to the Bergen board of directors
and the preliminary results of its business and financial due diligence review
of AmeriSource. In addition, Bergen's legal advisors discussed with Bergen's
board of directors its fiduciary duties under applicable law and the results of
their legal due diligence review, described to the board of directors the
proposed terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement, stock option
agreements and support/voting agreements, as well as those terms and conditions
still under negotiation, discussed regulatory considerations and responded to
questions from directors. Merrill Lynch also presented a summary of its
financial analysis relating to the proposed merger at this Bergen board meeting.

         During the week of March 12, 2001, representatives of AmeriSource and
Bergen, together with their respective financial advisors and legal counsel,
continued to negotiate a definitive merger agreement and other related
agreements. In addition, the entering into, by Bergen with certain executive
officers of Bergen, letter amendments relating to the amendment of existing
employment and severance agreements and other compensation arrangements was a
condition to AmeriSource's willingness to agree to the proposed business
combination.
On the afternoon of Friday, March 16, 2001, the board of directors of
AmeriSource held a special meeting to consider the proposed merger of equals
transaction. At this meeting, the management of AmeriSource presented the
strategic rationale for the transaction to the board and the results of its due
diligence review of the other company. In addition, AmeriSource's legal advisors
discussed with the board of directors its fiduciary duties under applicable law,
described to the board of directors the terms of the proposed merger agreement,
stock option agreements and voting/support agreements, discussed regulatory
considerations and responded to questions from directors. In addition,
AmeriSource's legal advisors described the material terms of the proposed
AmeriSource rights agreement. At this AmeriSource board meeting, Goldman Sachs
presented a summary of its financial analyses relating to the proposed merger
and delivered its opinion that, as of such dates and based upon and subject to
certain matters discussed with the AmeriSource board of directors, the ratio to
exchange shares of AmeriSource common stock for shares of AmeriSource-Bergen
common stock pursuant to the proposed merger agreement was fair from a financial
point of view to the holders of AmeriSource common stock. Following
deliberations, the board of directors of AmeriSource unanimously approved the
merger agreement and the related agreements and the transactions contemplated by
those agreements and resolved to recommend that AmeriSource shareholders vote to
approve and adopt the merger agreement.
During the evening of Friday, March 16, 2001, the board of directors of
Bergen held a telephonic special meeting to consider the proposed merger. At
this meeting, Bergen's legal advisors described to the board of directors the
revised terms of the proposed merger agreement, stock option agreements and
support/voting agreements, confirmed to the board the results of their due
diligence review and responded to questions from directors. In addition, Merrill
Lynch summarized its financial analysis relating to the proposed merger and
orally delivered its opinion that the proposed exchange ratio in the merger was
fair to Bergen shareholders from a financial point of view and a written opinion
dated the same day was subsequently delivered. Following deliberations, the
Bergen board of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
related agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements and
resolved to recommend that Bergen shareholders vote to approve and adopt the
merger agreement.

         After negotiating the final terms of the merger agreement and the
related agreements, Mr. Yost and Mr. Martini executed the merger agreement and
the stock option agreements, and certain executives of AmeriSource and Bergen
executed voting/support agreements. In addition, Bergen negotiated and entered
into letter amendments with Neil F. Dimick, Brent R. Martini, Charles J.
Carpenter, and Steven H. Collis pursuant to which these four executive officers
of Bergen agreed to amend their existing employment and severance agreements and
other compensation arrangements.

         On the morning of Monday, March 19, 2001, AmeriSource and Bergen issued
a joint press release announcing the transaction.

AMERISOURCE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER


         After careful consideration, AmeriSource's board of directors
unanimously determined the merger to be fair to the shareholders of AmeriSource
and in the best interests of AmeriSource and its shareholders. AMERISOURCE'S
BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER AND
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS YOUR APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
THE MERGER.

         In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, the AmeriSource board of directors
consulted with AmeriSource's legal and financial advisors as well as with
AmeriSource's management, and considered a number of factors, including, among
others:

         -        the strategic and geographic fit between AmeriSource and
                  Bergen;

         -        the common culture of AmeriSource and Bergen with respect to
                  the importance of outstanding service and for making customer
                  satisfaction paramount;

         -        the opportunity for improved working capital and for an
                  increase in operating cash flow through synergies and cost
                  savings through facilities rationalization, elimination of
                  redundant overhead, improved inventory and capital usage,
                  particularly by creating higher-volume, state-of-the-art
                  distribution centers in place of lower volume, less efficient
                  distribution centers;
-        the opportunity to reduce marginal operating costs for the
                  combined company below levels which either party could achieve
                  independently, enabling these savings to be passed on to
                  customers in the form of greater value and enhanced services,
                  while maintaining an acceptable level of profitability;

         -        management's expectation that even before consideration of any
                  synergies the merger will be accretive to earnings of the
                  combined company under new accounting standards before special
                  charges and integration related costs, as compared to
                  AmeriSource's stand-alone earnings expectations;

         -        the opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co., AmeriSource's financial
                  advisor, that, as of the date of its opinion and based upon
                  and subject to certain matters stated in such opinion, the
                  ratio to exchange shares of AmeriSource common stock for
                  shares of AmeriSource-Bergen common stock pursuant to the
                  merger agreement was fair from a financial point a view to the
                  holders of shares of AmeriSource common stock;

         -        the opportunity to enhance and expand programs and services
                  AmeriSource currently offers to its customers;

         -        the complementary nature of the two companies businesses with
                  AmeriSource's leadership in the acute care business, strength
                  with independent community pharmacies, and focus on regional
                  drugstore chains, and Bergen's leadership in the long-term
                  care pharmacy business, strength in independent community
                  pharmacies, and focus on national and regional drugstore
                  chains,
worker's compensation business, and ASD's specialty healthcare
                  offerings in oncology, vaccines and biotech products;

         -        the opportunity to serve AmeriSource's customers better by
                  combining AmeriSource's Health Packaging unit and Bergen's
                  PharMerica and drug distribution operations; and

         -        a strong management team drawn from AmeriSource and Bergen to
                  work together to integrate the companies.

         The AmeriSource board of directors also considered a number of
potential risks and disadvantages relating to the merger, including the
following risks and disadvantages:

         -        the difficulty and management distraction inherent in
                  integrating two large and geographically dispersed operations
                  and the risk that the synergies and benefits sought in the
                  merger might not be fully achieved;

         -        the cost of Bergen's severance payments in connection with the
                  consummation of the merger;

         -        the risk that the merger would not be consummated including
                  the risk that the merger will not be approved by the Federal
                  Trade Commission and the risk that the Financial Accounting
                  Standards Board will not promulgate a final Statement of
                  Financial Accounting Standard which provides for accounting
                  treatment of the merger in all material respects as in the
                  Exposure Draft of the proposed Statement entitled Business
                  Combinations and Intangible Assets - Accounting for Goodwill,
                  dated February 14, 2001; and

         -        the substantial expenses expected to be incurred by
                  AmeriSource and Bergen in connection with the merger.