The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Huntway Refining Co & Valero Energy Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

The management and board of directors of Huntway have considered and evaluated
on a periodic basis since at least June 1999 a wide range of strategic
alternatives for Huntway and its businesses with a view toward maximizing value
to its stockholders. To this end, from time to time prior to May 10, 2000,
certain members of the board met or held discussions with investment bankers to
discuss the strategic alternatives available to Huntway.

At the May 10, 2000 regular meeting of the board of directors, Warren
J. Nelson, our President and Chief Executive Officer, as the lead representative
of a group of Huntway officers, indicated that such group intended to make a
proposal to acquire Huntway.

On June 13, 2000, the board of directors formed a special committee consisting
of Brian Hogan, Harris Kaplan and J.C. McFarland (1) to consider strategic
alternatives for Huntway as a means of maximizing stockholder value, including
asset purchases or sales, stock repurchases, public offerings or private
placements of securities, or a sale of Huntway to a third party for cash or
securities and (2) to consider and respond to any proposal that might ultimately
be made by the management group. The special committee elected Mr. McFarland to
serve as its chairman, retained Baker Botts L.L.P. as its legal counsel and,
after considering several proposals from investment banks, engaged Simmons &
Company International to serve as its financial advisor.

From June 13, 2000 to February 21, 2001, the special committee held 18 meetings
(most by telephone) and communicated informally numerous other times.

On September 5, 2000, the special committee met in person with Simmons to review
the initial evaluation by Simmons of various strategic alternatives, including:
(1) maintaining the status quo; (2) increasing the public float by a public
offering of shares; (3) recapitalizing Huntway and paying a special dividend to
stockholders; (4) growing through acquisitions for cash consideration;
(5) growing through acquisitions or mergers for stock consideration; and
(6) selling Huntway to a strategic buyer, financial buyer, management group or
existing large stockholder for cash and/or stock. Simmons concluded that a sale
of Huntway presented the best opportunity to maximize stockholder value and
liquidity.

At the September 5 meeting, the special committee made no decision to pursue a
specific strategic alternative, but requested that Simmons focus on possible
transactions involving a sale of Huntway, and then reviewed with Simmons parties
that might be interested in pursuing such a transaction. The special committee
asked Simmons initially to contact 10 of the most likely interested parties,
including Valero Energy, to determine their interest. The number contacted
eventually was expanded to a total of 20 parties. Huntway subsequently entered
into confidentiality and standstill agreements with the management group and
nine other interested parties and delivered to them a descriptive memorandum
containing information regarding Huntway. Valero Energy signed its
confidentiality agreement on September 27, 2000 and received its memorandum on
October 2, 2000.

On October 27, 2000, the special committee asked each of the interested parties,
including Valero Energy, to submit by November 10, 2000 a written indication of
interest in a possible acquisition of Huntway.

On November 10, 2000, the special committee received non-binding indications of
interest from Valero Energy, the management group and two other interested
parties. The indication of interest of Valero Energy was in the range of $2.45
to $2.50 per share.

On November 13, 2000, the special committee met with Simmons to review the
relative strengths and weaknesses of each of the four indications of interest.
The special committee authorized Simmons to invite each of the four interested
parties, including Valero Energy, to receive a presentation by Huntway
management, visit a data room and conduct due diligence. After all of the
interested parties had visited the data room and received a management
presentation and a proposed form of cash merger agreement, one of the interested
parties indicated that it no longer intended to pursue a transaction with
Huntway.

On January 16, 2001, the special committee through Simmons asked the interested
parties to submit definitive offers by February 13, 2001.

On February 8, 2001, Huntway publicly released its earnings for the year 2000.
The price of the common stock, which had been in the range of $0.63 to $1.06 per
share during the preceding 90 days, rose rapidly to as high as $1.74 per share
and closed at $1.35 per share on February 13.

On February 13, 2001, Valero Energy submitted a cash offer of $1.45 per share
and its comments on the proposed form of cash merger agreement. The special
committee also received a written status update from the management group, and
the remaining interested party requested an extension of time to submit a
proposal, which it subsequently submitted on February 20.

On February 15, 2001, the special committee met with Simmons to review the
Valero Energy offer and as well to discuss the status of the management group
and the interested party that had requested a time extension. The special
committee deferred further action until its scheduled meeting on February 21,
the date of the next regular meeting of the board.

On February 21, 2001, the special committee met in advance of the meeting of the
board of directors. Simmons reviewed and compared the proposals of the
interested parties, and also discussed its analysis of the strategic
alternatives available to Huntway. Simmons advised the special committee of
discussions it had held with Valero Energy since the previous special committee
meeting, including those with respect to the disparity between the Valero Energy
offer and its preliminary indication of interest submitted on November 10, 2000,
and of its evaluation of the potential for negotiating better terms with Valero
Energy. The presentation of Simmons included discussions of (1) the financial
characteristics and prospects of Huntway, (2) the current valuation of Huntway,
(3) the strategic alternatives available to Huntway and the feasibility of each
alternative, (4) the process undertaken by Simmons to solicit proposals by third
parties to acquire Huntway, (5) the proposals received as a result of the
process, (6) contractual issues Simmons had identified in the comments of Valero
Energy on the cash merger agreement proposed by Huntway and (7) possible next
steps. Baker Botts discussed with the special committee the various
recommendations that the special committee could make to the full board of
directors. The special committee concluded that pursuing a sale of Huntway was
the best strategic alternative available. The special committee also concluded
that it was unlikely that an acceptable transaction could be negotiated with the
management group, and thus that the decision as to how to proceed should be made
by the full board.
The full board of directors met immediately following the special committee
meeting on February 21, 2001. All directors attended the meeting in person,
other than Harris Kaplan, who attended the meeting telephonically.
Mr. McFarland, the chairman of the special committee, presented to the board the
report and conclusions of the special committee. Mr. Nelson confirmed that the
management group was not further pursuing a transaction. Mr. McFarland informed
the board of the proposals resulting from the auction process undertaken by the
special committee. Following full discussion by the board of the report and
conclusions of the special committee, Kirkland & Ellis, counsel to Huntway,
advised the board on its legal duties and responsibilities. Simmons then made a
presentation to the board that was similar to the one made at the preceding
special committee meeting. Representatives of Simmons and Kirkland & Ellis
reviewed in particular with the board, and the board discussed in particular,
the proposed terms of the Valero Energy bid. The board discussed with Simmons
among other things the potential synergies that could be realized by Valero
Energy as a result of a purchase of Huntway by Valero Energy and the potential
value of those synergies. After full discussion and due consideration, the board
determined that a transaction with Valero Energy presented the best strategic
alternative for Huntway, provided acceptable terms could be negotiated.

On February 22, 2001, Simmons contacted Valero Energy to request that it
increase its offer to an enterprise value of $80 million or approximately $1.96
per share. Valero Energy indicated that it would take the proposed price under
consideration.

On February 26, 2001 Valero Energy contacted Simmons to inform them that Valero
Energy would not meet the proposed $80 million enterprise value but would be
willing to increase its offer to an enterprise value of $75 million or
approximately $1.82 per share, although this value would require approval by the
executive committee of the Valero Energy board. Later that day, after further
negotiations between Valero Energy and Simmons, Valero Energy ultimately agreed
to an enterprise value of $77.5 million or approximately $1.90 per share.

On February 27, 2001, the Huntway board held a special meeting to review the
proposed transaction and to consider the proposed $1.90 price per share.
Mr. Kaplan, who had acted as the liaison of the board with Simmons since the
February 21 board meeting, reviewed with the board the negotiations that had
occurred between Simmons and Valero Energy since the prior meeting of the board.
Following full discussion by the board and based on the indication of Simmons to
Mr. Kaplan that Simmons would deliver a fairness opinion at the $1.90 proposed
per share price, the board unanimously agreed that a sale of Huntway to Valero
Energy at $1.90 per share should be actively pursued.

The executive committee of the board of Valero Energy met on February 28, 2001
and approved the $1.90 per share price.

Between March 6 and March 20, 2001, representatives of Valero Energy, Huntway,
Simmons and Kirkland & Ellis negotiated the definitive terms of the merger
agreement and various related documents, including in-person negotiations
throughout March 6, March 7 and the morning of March 8, 2001. During this
period, Mr. Nelson made contacts with Bank of America, Boeing Capital, certain
holders of its convertible notes and the holders of its junior subordinated
debentures to discuss the proposed transaction with Valero Energy and to
ascertain whether such parties would support the transaction under its proposed
terms. With respect to Boeing Capital, Mr. Nelson negotiated a prepayment fee of
approximately $290,000. Also in this interim period, Huntway negotiated with
Andre Danesh, as trustee of the Andre Danesh 1997 IRRV Trust, which negotiations
concluded on March 19 and resulted in the Trust entering into an amendment to
the option agreements held by the Trust for cash consideration of $200,000.
On March 16, 2001, the board met to receive an update on the negotiations that
had taken place since the prior board meeting and to consider approval of the
transaction with Valero Energy. Kirkland & Ellis made a detailed presentation
regarding among other things the terms and conditions of the merger agreement
and related documents. Simmons delivered its oral fairness opinion to the board,
which was later confirmed in writing, that as of that date and based upon and
subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in the
opinion, the consideration to be received by Huntway stockholders in the merger
was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Huntway stockholders. Following
extensive discussion and consideration, the board by the unanimous vote of all
directors concluded that the merger agreement and the merger were fair to, and
in the best interests of, the Huntway stockholders and approved the merger
agreement and the merger and certain other matters related thereto, subject to
the favorable resolution of negotiations with Andre Danesh, which as noted above
were resolved on March 19.

On March 20, 2001, following conclusion of the Danesh negotiations, the board
held a telephonic meeting and approved the amendment negotiated with Mr. Danesh
and authorized the execution and delivery of the merger agreement and related
documents. A definitive merger agreement and other documents were executed that
afternoon, and a press release announcing the transaction was issued by Huntway
and Valero Energy after the close of trading that day.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS; FAIRNESS OF THE MERGER

At a special meeting of the Board of directors on March 16, 2001, at which all
directors of Huntway were present, the board unanimously concluded that the
terms and provisions of the merger agreement and the merger were fair to and in
the best interests of Huntway and its stockholders and, subject to satisfactory
resolution of issues relating to the Andre Danesh 1997 IRRV Trust

options, approved the merger agreement and recommended that the stockholders
approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

In reaching its decision to approve and recommend the Valero Refining offer of
$1.90 per share, the board considered a variety of factors, including without
limitation the following, each of which, individually and in the aggregate, in
the opinion of the board, supported such determination:

- -  TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT. The board considered the financial and other
    terms of the merger agreement. The board also considered the financial
    condition of Valero Energy and the fact that the obligations of Valero
    Refining and HAC under the merger agreement, which are guaranteed by Valero
    Energy, are not subject to any financing condition.

- -  FAIRNESS OPINION OF SIMMONS. The board considered the financial presentation
    of Simmons and its opinion delivered to the board to the effect that, as of
    the date of its opinion and based upon and subject to certain matters stated
    therein, the $1.90 per share cash consideration to be received by Huntway
    stockholders in the merger is fair from a financial point of view. A copy of
    the opinion of Simmons, with a discussion of the information reviewed,
    assumptions made and matters considered by Simmons, is attached to this
    proxy statement as Annex C. You should read this opinion in its entirety as
    well as the other information described under "-- Opinion of Financial
    Advisor" beginning on page 17 below.

- -  MARKET PRICE AND PREMIUM. The board considered:

    -  The fact that the $1.90 per share price offered by Valero Refining
       represented a premium of approximately 17% over the closing price of the
       common stock on March 15, 2001, and approximately 31% over the average
       closing prices of the common stock during the period beginning
       February 9, 2001 (the first trading day following public release of the
       2000 earnings of Huntway) and ending March 15, 2001.

    -  The history of the trading of the common stock on the NYSE during the
       12 months ended February 8, 2001, with the average closing price during
       such period being approximately $1.02 per share of common stock, and the
       premium represented by the merger consideration to the prices reflected
       in such history.

    -  The fact that the closing price of the common stock has not equaled or
       exceeded the merger consideration since June 1, 1998, when Huntway
       converted from partnership to corporate form, other than during three
       brief periods: on one trading day during July 1998, when the closing
       price reached a high of $1.94; on twelve trading days in February and
       March 1999, when the closing price reached a high of $2.13; and on seven
       trading days in September 1999, when the closing price reached a high of
       $2.00.

    -  The fact that the closing price of the common stock has steadily declined
       since June 1, 1998 (other than during the three brief periods described
       above and during the period since February 8, 2001), notwithstanding a
       trend of improved annual earnings since that time.

    -  The volatility in the price of the common stock.

- -  LIQUIDITY OF COMMON STOCK. The board considered the thin trading market and
    the lack of liquidity of the common stock.


- -  NYSE NON-COMPLIANCE. The board considered the fact that the market
    capitalization of Huntway failed to meet the continued listing requirements
    of the NYSE and the unlikelihood that the NYSE would continue the listing of
    the common stock.

- -  POSSIBLE DECLINE IN MARKET PRICE OF COMMON STOCK. The board considered the
    alternatives available to Huntway, and the probability that if Huntway
    remained an independent public corporation, the price that could be received
    by holders of shares of the common stock in the

    open market or in another transaction would be less than the $1.90 per share
    merger consideration.

- -  RESULT OF THE AUCTION PROCESS. The board considered that the auction process
    conducted by Simmons resulted in only two proposals and one indication of
    interest and that at the time the board took final action on the merger only
    one of the foregoing was firm.

- -  NATURE OF THE HUNTWAY BUSINESS. The board considered:

    -  the existing competitive and market positions of Huntway, including the
       nature of the industry in which Huntway operates; and

    -  the dependence of Huntway on hedging for a significant part of its recent
       profits, and the unlikelihood that Huntway will be able to continue to
       obtain hedges on terms as favorable.

- -  AVAILABILITY OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS. The board considered the fact that
    appraisal rights would be available to the holders of common stock under
    Delaware law.