The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Sequoia Software Corp & Citrix Systems Inc:
11. BACKGROUND OF OFFER.

  On October 13, 2000, Citrix and Sequoia entered into a license agreement
pursuant to which Citrix granted Sequoia a product and trademark license to
demonstrate and market Citrix(R) NFuse(TM) portal software in connection with
Sequoia's products and services. The parties agreed to cooperate in joint
marketing and development of their respective products, and Sequoia agreed to
become a member of Citrix's business alliance program.

  In December 2000, Sequoia began considering various potential alternatives,
including possible business combinations involving Sequoia and other
corporations. In light of market conditions, Sequoia sought strategic partners
with adequate resources to assist Sequoia in strengthening its position in the
portal market.

  On December 14, 2000, at the request of Sequoia, Richard C. Faint, Jr.,
Chief Executive Officer; Mark A. Wesker, President and Chief Operating
Officer; and Paul Martin, Chief Technology Officer, all officers of Sequoia,
met with representatives of Citrix at Citrix's corporate offices to discuss
the general business relationship between the companies. Attending the meeting
on behalf of Citrix were Mark B. Templeton, President; David A.G. Jones,
Senior Vice President, Corporate Development; David Weiss, Vice President,
Marketing; Scott Herren, Vice President, Mergers and Acquisitions; and Mr.
Stergiades.

  In January 2001, Sequoia engaged Lehman Bothers to act as its financial
advisor to assist with the identification and evaluation of potential
strategic transactions.

  On February 2, 2001, Sequoia's board of directors met with representatives
of Lehman Brothers and Fenwick & West LLP, outside legal counsel to Sequoia,
to discuss the process of evaluating strategic alternatives. At this meeting,
the board formed a strategic transaction committee consisting of Lawrence A.
Bettino, William

M. Gust II, Jonathan I. Grabel and Messrs. Faint and Wesker, for the purpose
of reviewing the progress of strategic initiatives and reporting on
significant developments to Sequoia's board.

  During February 2001, Lehman Brothers selectively contacted potential
strategic partners and acquirors for Sequoia and conducted preliminary
meetings.


  On February 12, 2001, at the request of Sequoia, Messrs. Faint, Wesker,
Martin and Craig of Sequoia met with Messrs. Templeton, Jones, Weiss, Herren
and Stergiades of Citrix at the corporate offices of Citrix to further discuss
a business relationship between the parties. Representatives of Lehman
Brothers were also in attendance.

  On February 20, 2001, Messrs. Faint, Wesker, Martin and Craig; and Gregory
G. Heard, Chief Financial Officer; William S. Brennan, Executive Vice
President, Corporate Development; and Bryan Caporlette, Executive Vice
President, Strategic Technology of Sequoia met with Messrs. Weiss, Herren and
Stergiades; and Scott Kinnear, Vice President, Product Development of Citrix
at the corporate offices of Sequoia to discuss a potential acquisition by
Citrix of Sequoia, including product synergies, financial projections and
software architecture. Representatives of Lehman Brothers were also in
attendance.

  On February 27, 2001, the board of directors of Citrix met via telephonic
conference call. Officers of Citrix discussed the opportunities for Citrix in
the portal market and presented an overview of Sequoia, including a review of
Sequoia's technology, finances and operations. After discussion, the board
approved management commencing negotiations regarding a strategic transaction
with Sequoia and to engage the services of an investment banking firm.

  On the same date, Sequoia's strategic transaction committee held a meeting
to review the status of contacts with various potentially interested strategic
partners for Sequoia, including Citrix.

  On March 1, 2001, Citrix and Sequoia signed a Mutual Non-Disclosure
Agreement (the "Non-Disclosure Agreement") pursuant to which the parties
agreed to refrain from disclosure of confidential information shared between
the parties and to negotiate exclusively for a defined period.

  On March 2, 2001, Citrix retained Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated ("Merrill Lynch") to serve as financial advisor for the proposed
strategic transaction with Sequoia.

  On the same date, representatives of Citrix, representatives of Testa,
Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP, outside counsel to Citrix, and Ernst & Young, LLP,
accountants to Citrix, met in the data room at the offices of Fenwick & West
in Washington D.C. to conduct additional legal and financial due diligence.
Representatives of Lehman Brothers were also in attendance. Diligence review
and preliminary discussions between the parties continued over the following
days.

  On March 5, 2001, additional representatives of Citrix met with
representatives of Sequoia at Sequoia's corporate headquarters to conduct due
diligence and begin discussions regarding corporate integration.

  On March 7, 2001, Sequoia's strategic transaction committee met with
representatives of Lehman Brothers and Fenwick & West to review the status of
due diligence and the negotiations with Citrix.

  On March 9, 2001, at the request of Citrix, John P. Cunningham, Chief
Financial Officer of Citrix, and Messrs. Faint and Wesker met at Sequoia's
corporate offices and discussed various structures for a proposed acquisition
of Sequoia by Citrix.

  On March 10, 2001, Sequoia's strategic transaction committee again met with
representatives of Lehman Brothers and Fenwick & West to discuss the progress
of the proposed transaction with Citrix. Later that day, representatives of
Citrix, including representatives from Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault and Merrill
Lynch, met with representatives of Sequoia, including Fenwick & West and
Lehman Brothers, to discuss proposed terms for an acquisition of Sequoia by
Citrix.

  On March 11, 2001 Sequoia's board of directors met to review the progress of
the strategic transaction discussions. Sequoia's legal counsel and financial
advisor reviewed with the board their discussions with their Citrix
counterparts and discussed the open transaction terms to be negotiated.

  From March 14 through March 20, 2001, the parties, assisted by their
respective legal counsel and financial advisors, negotiated the terms of the
definitive Merger Agreement and related transaction agreements.

  On March 16, 2001, the board of directors of Citrix met via telephonic
conference call. Officers of Citrix summarized the status of negotiations with
Sequoia to date. Representatives of Merrill Lynch provided an overview of the
proposed structure for an acquisition of Sequoia via an all-cash tender offer
to the stockholders of Sequoia. Officers of Citrix summarized proposed
marketing messages and plans for integrating Sequoia's operations with that of
Citrix. After discussion, the board requested that management continue
negotiations regarding an acquisition of Sequoia. Pending satisfactory
resolution of a number of open issues, and subject to negotiation, execution
and delivery of certain agreements related to the Offer and Merger, the board
approved an acquisition of Sequoia on terms substantially similar to those
presented at the meeting.

  On March 18, 2001, Sequoia's board of directors met with its financial
advisors and legal counsel to review in detail the terms of the proposed
transaction. Representatives of Lehman Brothers provided the board with a
detailed financial analysis of the proposed transaction, and a representative
of Fenwick & West reviewed with the board the specific terms of the various
transaction documents.

  On March 19 and 20, 2001, representatives of Citrix and Sequoia met to
resolve the remaining open transaction issues.

  On March 20, 2001, Sequoia's board of directors met to review the final
terms of the proposed transaction with Citrix. At this meeting, Lehman
Brothers rendered its opinion that the proposed Citrix transaction was fair to
Sequoia's stockholders from a financial point of view. After discussion,
Sequoia's board voted to approve the Offer and the Merger and the Merger
Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement.
In the evening of March 20, 2001, Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia executed
the Merger Agreement, Citrix and Sequoia executed the Transaction Option
Agreement and Citrix, Merger Sub and certain stockholders of Sequoia executed
the Stockholders Agreement. In addition, Messrs. Faint, Wesker and Martin each
entered into an employment agreement with Citrix, effective at the time of the
Merger.

  Prior to the opening of the financial markets on March 21, 2001, Citrix and
Sequoia issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the Merger
Agreement. Citrix filed a Schedule TO-C and Sequoia filed a Schedule 14D-9C
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, each incorporating the joint
press release.

12. PURPOSE OF THE OFFER; THE MERGER; PLANS FOR SEQUOIA.

  PURPOSE. The purpose of the Offer and the Merger is for Merger Sub to
acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, Sequoia. The purpose of
the Merger is for Merger Sub to acquire all Shares not purchased pursuant to
the Offer. Upon consummation of the Merger, Sequoia will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Citrix. The Offer is being made pursuant to the Merger
Agreement.

  NO ASSURANCE. There can be no assurance that the Merger will take place,
although each party has agreed in the Merger Agreement to use all reasonable
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be
done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most
expeditious manner practicable, the Merger, because the Merger is subject to
certain conditions, some of which are beyond the control of either Citrix or
Sequoia. Since Citrix's ultimate objective is to acquire ownership of all the
Shares, if the Merger does not take place, Citrix would consider the
acquisition, whether directly or through an affiliate, of Shares through
private or open market purchases, or subsequent tender offers or a different
type of merger or other combination of Sequoia with

Merger Sub or an affiliate or subsidiary thereof, or by any other permissible
means deemed advisable by it. Any of those possible transactions might be on
terms the same as, or more or less favorable than, those of the Offer or the
APPROVAL. Under MGCL and Sequoia's articles of incorporation, the approval
of the board of directors of Sequoia and the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Shares may be required to approve and adopt
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
Merger. The board of directors of Sequoia has unanimously (except for members
of the board of directors who have properly recused themselves): (a)
determined that each of the Merger Agreement, the Transaction Option
Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement, the Offer and the Merger is advisable
and fair to and in the best interests of the stockholders of Sequoia, (b)
approved the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement, the
Transaction Option Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement and the completion
of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger,
and (c) recommended that holders of Shares accept the Offer, approve and adopt
the Merger Agreement and approve the Merger (if required). Unless the Merger
is consummated pursuant to the short-form merger provisions of MGCL and DGCL
described below, the only remaining required corporate action of Sequoia is
the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
the Shares. Accordingly, if the Minimum Tender Condition is satisfied, Merger
Sub will have sufficient voting power to cause the approval and adoption of
Offer and the Merger, without the affirmative vote of any other stockholders.
Regarding any approvals necessary under the laws of other states, see Section
16, "Certain Regulatory and Legal Matters--State Takeover Laws."
STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS. In the Merger Agreement, Sequoia has agreed, that
after consummation of the Offer, in the event Merger Sub acquires less than
90% of the Shares, Sequoia will, as soon as practicable, duly call, give
notice of, convene and hold a meeting of the stockholders for the purpose of
approving the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The
board of directors of Sequoia, after considering its fiduciary duties under
applicable law following consultation with counsel, has resolved to recommend
the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger by
the holders of Shares. Citrix and Merger Sub have agreed that they will, and
will direct the members of Sequoia's board of directors designated by Citrix
and Merger Sub to, take all actions and do all things necessary or advisable
to cause the Merger to occur as promptly as practicable pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement. At any such meeting, all of the Shares then owned by
Citrix or Merger Sub will be voted to approve the Merger and the Merger
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Merger Sub acquires at least 90%
of the outstanding Shares, then the parties will, at the request of Merger
Sub, take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become
effective, in accordance with Section 3-106 of the MGCL and Section 253 of the
DGCL, as soon as practicable, without a meeting of Sequoia's stockholders. See
"--Short-Form Merger."
BOARD REPRESENTATION. For a description of Merger Sub's rights under the
Merger Agreement to designate directors of Sequoia, see Section 13, "The
Transaction Documents--The Merger Agreement--Board of Directors." Citrix
currently intends to designate a majority of the directors of Sequoia
following consummation of the Offer. It is currently anticipated that Citrix
will designate such persons listed on Annex I as Citrix shall determine to
serve as the directors of Sequoia following consummation of the Offer. Merger
Sub expects that such representation would permit Merger Sub to exert
substantial influence over Sequoia's conduct of its business and operations.

  SHORT-FORM MERGER. Under Section 3-106 of the MGCL and Section 253 of the
DGCL, if Merger Sub acquires, pursuant to the Offer, at least 90% of the
outstanding Shares, Merger Sub will be able to approve the Merger without a
vote of Sequoia's stockholders. In such event, Citrix and Merger Sub
anticipate that they will take, and the parties to the Merger Agreement have
agreed, at the request of Merger Sub, to take all necessary and appropriate
action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as reasonably
practicable after such acquisition, without a meeting of Sequoia's
stockholders. If, however, Merger Sub does not acquire at least 90% of the
outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise and a vote of Sequoia's
stockholders is required under MGCL, a significantly longer period of time
would be required to effect the Merger. Pursuant to the

Transaction Option Agreement, Sequoia has granted Citrix an irrevocable option
to purchase up to a number of Shares equal to 19.9% of the Shares outstanding
(before Citrix's exercise of the option) exercisable if, after giving effect
to Citrix's exercise of the option and as a result of such exercise, Citrix
and Merger Sub will collectively own at least 90.1% of the shares of Common
Stock on a fully-diluted basis.
APPRAISAL RIGHTS. Pursuant to Section 3-202 of the MGCL, a stockholder of a
Maryland corporation may not demand appraisal rights in connection with a
consolidation or merger with another corporation if securities of the Maryland
corporation are listed on a national securities exchange or are designated as
a national market system security on an interdealer quotation system by the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Since securities of Sequoia
are listed on Nasdaq, no appraisal rights are available in connection with the
Offer or the Merger.

  PLANS FOR SEQUOIA. Following the Offer and the Merger, Citrix intends to
integrate Sequoia's business with the business of Citrix and to conduct
Sequoia's business on a basis generally consistent with Sequoia's existing
operations. Upon closing of the Merger, the new company will operate as a
subsidiary of Citrix and will continue to be based in Columbia, Maryland.
Citrix will continue to evaluate the business and operations of Sequoia and
will take such actions as it deems appropriate under the circumstances then
existing.