The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between CUseeMe Networks Inc & First Virtual Communications:
Background of the Merger  

    From 1998 until the end of 1999, Ralph Ungermann, chairman of the board of directors, president and chief executive officer of First Virtual Communications,
and Killko Caballero, chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer of CUseeMe, had general discussions regarding their companies' respective products, potential product collaborations
and a potential vendor relationship. In December 1999, the companies entered into an agreement under which CUseeMe agreed to manufacture its multipoint control unit product for First Virtual
Communications, and First Virtual Communications agreed to manufacture its gateway products, V-Gate 4000 and 5000, for CUseeMe.
On
February 1, 2000, CUseeMe engaged Chase Securities Inc. to explore strategic alternatives for the company, including the potential sale or merger of CUseeMe. JPMorgan H&Q, a
division of Chase Securities Inc., contacted a number of parties to discuss their potential interest in a combination with CUseeMe. CUseeMe entered into non-disclosure agreements and held
preliminary discussions with a number of these parties, including First Virtual Communications. 

    Commencing in October 2000, First Virtual Communications' executive management held numerous discussions regarding strategic transactions that would enable First Virtual
Communications to expand its product offerings and increase revenues and presence in the rich media communications market.
During these discussions, First Virtual Communications' executive management reviewed presentations and analyses regarding products and technology of other companies that would complement and enhance
those of First Virtual Communications. As a result of these discussions, First Virtual Communications' executive management decided to explore entering into discussions with companies that presented
the best potential for synergy with First Virtual Communications. 

October 17, 2000, and November 1, 2000, Mr. Ungermann and Mr. Caballero had conversations regarding shifting from their current vendor-customer
relationship to a potential strategic relationship between the two companies. They agreed that further discussions and information exchange between representatives of First Virtual Communications and
CUseeMe should ensue. 

October 20 and 23, 2000, at telephonic meetings of the CUseeMe board of directors, the board discussed strategic transactions to enhance stockholder value in CUseeMe, including a
relationship with First Virtual Communications. Mr. Caballero was authorized to proceed with discussions with First Virtual Communications and to report back to the board of directors.

    In
the first half of November 2000, a representative of Greenbridge Partners LLC, financial advisors to First Virtual Communications, had several conversations with
Mr. Caballero to further discuss a potential strategic transaction between First Virtual Communications and CUseeMe. 

November 15, 2000, at a meeting of the First Virtual Communications board of directors, the board of directors generally discussed merger and acquisition activity in the
video product and services space and potential synergies for First Virtual Communications. 

November 17, 2000, First Virtual Communications and CUseeMe entered into an agreement whereby each party agreed it would not disclose or misuse confidential information
provided by the other party during discussions regarding a potential strategic relationship. 

November 30, 2000, at a telephonic meeting of the CUseeMe board of directors, Mr. Caballero provided the board of directors with a report on the discussions with First
Virtual Communications. The board of directors discussed the status of preliminary conversations with other parties regarding strategic investments, acquisitions or the sale of CUseeMe.
Mr. Caballero reported to the board of directors on the status of the retention agreements to encourage senior management to remain with CUseeMe. 

December 5, 2000, representatives of JPMorgan H&Q met with representatives of Greenbridge to discuss valuation and other terms in connection with a potential strategic
transaction between First Virtual Communications and CUseeMe.

December 11, 2000, First Virtual Communications signed an engagement agreement with Greenbridge for Greenbridge to assist First Virtual Communications in exploring the
potential acquisition of CUseeMe. 

December 11 and 12, 2000, Mr. Caballero and other key management employees of CUseeMe had face-to-face discussions with key management
employees of First Virtual Communications, including Mr. Ungermann, who attended by video teleconference. At this meeting, each of the companies exchanged certain information about their
respective technologies, business operations, financial condition and other related matters. 

    During
December 2000 and January 2001, First Virtual Communications held discussions with another company with products in the rich media communications space. 

January 2, 2001, Mr. Ungermann contacted a representative of Greenbridge to discuss the general terms of a proposed strategic transaction with CUseeMe. 

    On January 3, 2001, Mr. Ungermann, Mr. Caballero and representatives from Greenbridge and JPMorgan H&Q had a videoconference call to discuss the general terms of
a proposed transaction, including valuation and other economic issues. 

January 10, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the First Virtual Communications board of directors, executive management provided a status update regarding the
companies being considered for potential strategic relationships, including with CUseeMe. 

January 25, 2001, First Virtual Communications entered into a revised engagement agreement with Greenbridge to expand Greenbridge's services to cover potential additional strategic
transactions and financings.

January 30, 2001, at a telephonic meeting, the CUseeMe board of directors discussed the preliminary terms of a transaction with First Virtual Communications, including the
synergies and benefits of a combined company and the potential resources available to such a combined company. 

January 31, 2001, Mr. Ungermann and Mr. Caballero continued discussions regarding a potential strategic relationship between the two companies and the benefits
and challenges of combining the two companies. 

February 5, 2001, Mr. Ungermann and a representative of Greenbridge met with Mr. Caballero, CUseeMe executives and managers and a representative of JPMorgan
H&Q. Executives and managers of CUseeMe gave product demonstrations and the parties discussed the strategic direction and product development schedules of each of First Virtual Communications and
CUseeMe. 

February 13, 2001, executives, managers and financial advisors of each company met to discuss the general terms of the proposed transaction, the general philosophies of each
company and business integration issues, including operational and employee issues implicated by the transaction. 

February 14, 2001, executives of CUseeMe met with executives of First Virtual Communications to demonstrate the technology from both companies and discuss potential
technology plans for a combined company. 

February 14, 2001, executives of First Virtual Communications met with a representative of Greenbridge to discuss valuation and other key terms in connection with the
proposed strategic transaction with CUseeMe and outlined a proposal for the transaction. 

February 16, 2001, a representative of Greenbridge delivered a proposal for the strategic transaction to a representative of JPMorgan H&Q.

February 20, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of the First Virtual Communications board of directors, Mr. Ungermann updated the board as to the status of strategic
transaction alternatives being considered by First Virtual Communications and outlined the proposal relating to the strategic transaction with CUseeMe. After extensive discussion, the board of
directors directed management to proceed with negotiations with CUseeMe. 

February 20, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of the CUseeMe board of directors, Mr. Caballero updated the board of directors on the possible strategic relationship with First
Virtual Communications. The board of directors discussed other strategic options. The board of directors directed Mr. Caballero to proceed with the negotiations with First Virtual
Communications. 

February 20, 2001, Mr. Ungermann contacted Mr. Caballero to discuss the terms of the proposal previously presented to CUseeMe's financial advisor. 

February 23, 2001, at a telephonic meeting, the CUseeMe board of directors authorized management to enter into a standstill agreement with First Virtual Communications and directed
Mr. Caballero to proceed with the negotiation of the terms and conditions of a merger. 

    On February 23, 2001, the parties agreed that for a period of 14 days each party would negotiate exclusively with the other. The parties further agreed that for a period
of 12 months each party would not purchase securities or assets of the other party, or seek to control or influence the management, board of directors or policies of the other party. 

    From
February 27, 2001, through March 1, 2001, Mr. Caballero met with Mr. Ungermann and executives and managers of First Virtual Communications to discuss
product development and synergies and organizational issues in connection with the proposed strategic combination.

February 28, 2001, through March 2, 2001, Mr. Caballero had meetings with all of the individual members of First Virtual Communications board of directors, in
order to discuss the merger. 

March 2, 2001 through March 22, 2001, representatives of each of First Virtual Communications and CUseeMe, including First Virtual Communications' legal advisor, Cooley
Godward 
LLP
, and financial advisor, and CUseeMe's legal advisor, Hale and Dorr 
, and financial
advisor, conducted numerous telephone conferences to negotiate the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and related documents, including voting agreements, and various other legal, financial
and regulatory matters related to the merger. Private legal counsel for Messrs. Caballero, Bundy and Krampf negotitated the terms and conditions for the employment agreements. During this period,
First Virtual Communications' and CUseeMe's management and legal and financial advisors conducted extensive due diligence investigations of the other party. 

March 5, 2001, during a telephonic meeting of the CUseeMe board of directors, Mr. Caballero and representatives of JPMorgan H&Q updated the board as to the status of
discussions with First Virtual Communications and presented a summary of the some of the potential terms of a possible transaction. 

March 5, 2001, through March 7, 2001, Robert Scott, CUseeMe's chief operating officer, met with executives of First Virtual Communications to discuss business
integration issues relating to the merger. 

March 13, 2001, the parties amended the exclusivity agreement to extend the exclusivity period until March 23, 2001.


March 14, 2001, through March 16, 2001, Randy Acres, First Virtual Communications' vice president, finance and chief financial officer, and a representative of
Greenbridge met with Mr. Caballero and other executives of CUseeMe and a representative of JPMorgan H&Q to continue financial due diligence discussions and to discuss business integration
matters. 

March 14, 2001, at a meeting of the First Virtual Communications board of directors, Mr. Ungermann updated the board of directors as to the status of discussions with
CUseeMe and presented a summary of the key terms of the proposed strategic combination of the two companies. After a discussion of the proposed material terms of the transaction, the economic and
operational issues that would have to be addressed in any transaction between CUseeMe and First Virtual Communications, retention of CUseeMe employees and technology integration, the board of

March 16, 2001, during a telephonic meeting of the CUseeMe board of directors, Mr. Caballero, representatives of Hale and Dorr 

and representatives of JPMorgan H&Q updated the board as to the
status of discussions with First Virtual Communications and presented a summary of the key terms of the proposed
strategic combination of the two companies. After a discussion of the proposed material terms of the transaction, the economic and operational issues that would have to be addressed in any transaction
between CUseeMe and First Virtual Communications, the management structure of the combined company, retention of CUseeMe employees and technology integration, the board of directors directed
management to proceed with negotiations with First Virtual Communications. 

    On March 21, 2001, the First Virtual Communications board of directors held a telephonic meeting, together with First Virtual Communications' management and financial and legal
advisors, to review the principal terms of the proposed merger, including the status and timing of the transaction. Management of First Virtual Communications made a detailed presentation on the
product and technology synergies that were presented by combining the two companies. At the meeting, Greenbridge reviewed with the board of directors its financial analysis of the exchange ratio and
delivered to the First Virtual Communications board of directors a written opinion dated March 21, 2001, to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to the
matters described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial viewpoint, to the holders of First Virtual Communications common stock. After full discussion, the First Virtual
Communications board of directors unanimously concluded that the merger was in the best interests of First Virtual Communications and the First Virtual Communications stockholders and approved the
merger and the merger agreement in the form presented to the board.
March 21, 2001, the CUseeMe board of directors held a telephonic meeting, together with CUseeMe's management and legal and financial advisors, to review the principal terms
of the proposed merger, including the status and timing of the transaction. Management of CUseeMe discussed the product and technology synergies that were presented by combining the two companies. At
the meeting, JPMorgan H&Q reviewed with the board of directors its financial analysis of the exchange ratio and delivered to the CUseeMe board of directors an oral opinion to the effect that, as of
the date of the meeting and based on and subject to the matters described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of CUseeMe common stock. After
full discussion, the CUseeMe board of directors unanimously concluded that the merger was in the best interests of CUseeMe and the CUseeMe stockholders and approved the merger and the merger agreement
in the form presented to the board. 

March 22, 2001, First Virtual Communications and CUseeMe executed the merger agreement and related agreements and issued a joint press release announcing the merger. 

March 26, 2001, after reviewing the executed merger agreement, CUseeMe's financial advisor confirmed its oral opinion of March 21, 2001, by presenting to CUseeMe a
written opinion dated March 26, 2001. 

First Virtual Communications' Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the First Virtual Communications Board of Directors


    In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger, the First Virtual Communications board of directors consulted with its management, as well as its
legal counsel, accountants and financial advisors, and gave significant consideration to a number of factors bearing on its decision. The post-merger ownership between First Virtual
Communications stockholders and CUseeMe stockholders was determined in arm's-length negotiations. During the course of its deliberations concerning the merger, including the ownership allocation,
First Virtual Communications' board of directors reviewed a number of factors associated with CUseeMe's business and the opportunities presented by combining the two companies, including: 


the
combined company's ability to provide a complete end-to-end software rich media communications solution with flexible
web-based user interface and seamless delivery of services over any network technology as a result of operational efficiencies and the combination of each company's complementary products
and technologies;


highly competitive nature of the market for rich media and broadband services, making it more difficult for First Virtual Communications to succeed as
an independent company; 


information
concerning the business, financial condition, operations, competitive position and prospects of First Virtual Communications and CUseeMe, both
individually and on a combined basis;


CUseeMe's
core competence and expertise in IP-and software-based video collaboration technology and its focus on applications for enterprises
and consumers;




potential for the combined company to deliver a broader and more integrated total solution product offering;


combined company's access to a broader client base and global distribution channels;


maturity and consumer market acceptance of CUseeMe's products;


sizeable and strong technical employee base, adding engineers to First Virtual Communications' engineer base; and


possibility, as an alternative to the merger, of seeking to acquire another company. 

    The
First Virtual Communications board of directors also considered a number of risks and potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including the risk
factors described elsewhere in this prospectus/joint proxy statement, and in particular: 


risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized, including that the combined company might not achieve the expected operating
synergies;


challenge of integrating the businesses and operations of the two companies and the management effort and costs required to complete the integration
following the merger;


risk of management and employee disruption associated with the merger, including the risk that despite efforts of the combined company, key technical
and management personnel may decide not to continue employment with the combined company;


adverse effects of one-time charges expected to be incurred in connection with the costs of the merger and the subsequent integration of
the companies, including write-offs for in-process research and development expenses of CUseeMe;