The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Kent Electronics Corp & Avnet Inc:
Background to the Merger

Over the last several years, there have been occasional brief
exploratory discussions between various members of the senior
management of Avnet and Kent to determine whether they should
consider a business combination. None of these discussions
progressed beyond the informal stage.

During early January 2001, Avnets Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer, Roy Vallee, spoke to Larry
Olson, President and Chief Executive Officer of Kent.
Mr. Olson told Mr. Vallee that Kent was evaluating its
strategic business plan and that in connection with this review,
Kent was willing to engage in preliminary discussions with Avnet
about the possibility of a business combination. Mr. Vallee
and Mr. Olson agreed to meet on January 19, 2001.

On January 18, 2001, the Kent board of directors held a
regularly-scheduled meeting. Stephen J. Chapko, an
Executive Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer of
Kent, and Kents legal counsel also attended the meeting at
the boards invitation. At this meeting, Mr. Olson
advised the board that he and Morrie Abramson, Kents
Chairman of the Board, would be meeting with Mr. Vallee on
January 19, 2001 to discuss the possibility of a business
combination with Avnet.

Thereafter, Mr. Olson and Mr. Abramson periodically
advised members of Kents board of the progress of their
discussions with Avnet until the merger agreement was signed. In
addition, thereafter from time-to-time board members conferred
with Kents legal counsel regarding the proposed merger.

On January 19, 2001, Mr. Vallee and Raymond Sadowski,
Avnets Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
met with Mr. Olson and Mr. Abramson in Houston, Texas.
Mr. Olson and Mr. Abramson reviewed the Kent business,
especially the Kent Datacomm division. At the end of the
meeting, Mr. Abramson gave an indication as to a per share
price at which he believed Avnet would be able to acquire Kent.
He further stated that Kent would be open to discuss a potential
transaction involving cash, stock or a combination of both, but
acknowledged that given Avnets recent acquisitions, he
understood Avnet might prefer to issue its stock.
Messrs. Vallee and Sadowski did not respond at that time
but committed to get back to Mr. Olson with any interest in
further discussions.

In conjunction with the initial discussions, the companies began
consulting with their legal advisors about issues raised in the
discussions among their executives. These consultations
continued between Avnets management and its counsel,
Carter, Ledyard & Milburn, and Kents management and
its counsel, Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP, throughout the
remaining merger discussions.

On January 25, 2001, the day before a regularly scheduled
meeting of Avnets board of directors, Mr. Vallee and
Mr. Sadowski notified members of Avnets board that
senior management was engaged in preliminary discussions about a
possible acquisition of Kent.

After Avnet senior management performed preliminary analysis of
the share price indicated by Mr. Abramson, Mr. Vallee
called Mr. Olson on January 26, 2001, and indicated
that Avnet was interested in continuing discussions with Kent
about a possible acquisition, but not at the price range
suggested by Mr. Abramson at the initial meeting.
Mr. Vallee indicated that Avnet would consider a potential
transaction at a fixed ratio of exchange whereby Kent
shareholders would receive a portion of an Avnet share for each
share of common stock of Kent and they discussed the range at
which Avnet would consider moving forward. Mr. Vallee and
Mr. Olson also discussed the economic impact on Avnet of
combining the two companies.

On January 29, 2001, Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Olson
continued discussions relating to an appropriate exchange ratio
for the proposed merger.

On February 6, 2001, Mr. Vallee, Mr. Sadowski and
Mr. Olson continued discussions relating to an appropriate
exchange ratio for the proposed merger.

On February 8, 2001, Mr. Olson and Mr. Sadowski
engaged in further discussions regarding an appropriate exchange
ratio and the economic impact of an acquisition on Avnets
earnings. Mr. Sadowski indicated that Avnet was prepared to
continue exploring a transaction at the exchange ratio
discussed. Later that day, Mr. Sadowski discussed the
possible merger of Avnet and Kent with representatives of
Avnets financial advisor, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner
& Smith Incorporated.
On February 8, 2001, Mr. Olson updated the Kent board
of directors on Avnets interest in acquiring Kent and
informed the Kent board of certain key strategic benefits to the
proposed merger that he believed warranted further discussions
with Avnet. Mr. Olson also alerted the Kent board to
certain risks and uncertainties relating to the proposed merger.

On February 9, 2001, the Kent board held a special meeting
to discuss further Avnets proposal to acquire Kent. At the
request of the board, Mr. Chapko and Kents legal
counsel attended this meeting. At the meeting, Mr. Olson
and Mr. Abramson briefed the board on their discussions
with Avnets management in greater detail, including
additional information relating to discussions about the
consideration that Kents shareholders would receive in the
proposed merger, as well as a review of the strategic benefits
that Mr. Olson and Mr. Abramson believed would result
from the merger in light of current industry conditions and
trends. Based on these discussions, the Kent board authorized
management to continue discussions with Avnet regarding the
proposed merger and authorized Kent to engage a financial
advisor for the proposed transaction. In addition, the Kent
board discussed the fact that Mr. Abramson, Mr. Olson
and other members of management would have potential conflicts
of interest in connection with the proposed merger. On the advice

of legal counsel, the Kent board took under advisement the
potential benefits of creating a special committee of the board
to consider the proposed merger for purposes of making a
recommendation to the full board as to whether or not Kent
should enter into the merger agreement.

On February 9, 2001, Mr. Vallee, Mr. Sadowski and
David Birk, Avnets Senior Vice President and General
Counsel, met with representatives of Merrill Lynch and
Avnets counsel, Carter, Ledyard & Milburn, and
discussed the possible merger of the two companies and due
diligence necessary to undertake.

On February 9, 2001, Kent engaged Credit Suisse First
Boston as its financial advisor for the proposed merger.

On February 11, 2001, Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Olson
discussed various issues regarding a merger, including change of
control agreements between Kent and several of its executive
officers and convertible notes and warrants that had been issued
by Kent. Mr. Olson advised that Credit Suisse First Boston
would act as financial advisor to Kent regarding the possible
transaction.

On February 13, 2001, Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Olson
discussed the change of control agreements between Kent and
several of its executive officers. See The
Merger  Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger
and Possible Conflicts of Interest on page 50.

Avnet held a special meeting of its board of directors on
February 13, 2001, by telephone. Mr. Sadowski,
Mr. Birk and representatives of Merrill Lynch also attended
the meeting. Avnets board discussed the terms of the
potential transaction and the possible effects of a transaction
on Avnet and Avnets earnings and authorized management to
continue to explore the possibility of a merger between the two
companies.

On February 18, 2001, Mr. Sadowski called
Mr. Olson regarding a possible adjustment, based upon
Avnets further analysis, to the exchange ratio for the
acquisition of Kent. Later that day, Mr. Olson and
Mr. Sadowski again discussed the fixed ratio of exchange
after Mr. Olson had briefed Mr. Abramson concerning
the earlier discussion between Mr. Sadowski and
Mr. Olson.

On February 19, 2001, Mr. Olson and Mr. Vallee
discussed a proposed adjustment to the fixed ratio of exchange.

On February 20, 2001, Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Chapko
discussed due diligence concerning the potential transaction.
Later that day, Mr. Sadowski delivered a due diligence list
to Kent and Credit Suisse First Boston and scheduled meetings to
obtain requested information. In addition, later that day,
Credit Suisse First Boston, acting on behalf of Kent, delivered
a due diligence list to Avnet.

On February 22, 2001, Mr. Sadowski, Mr. Olson and
Mr. Chapko discussed the status of due diligence concerning
the potential transaction.

On February 23, 2001, Avnets counsel sent a draft of
a proposed merger agreement to Kents counsel.

Between February 26, 2001 and March 2, 2001,
Mr. Sadowski or Mr. Vallee contacted each Avnet
director individually to report on the status of the potential

In light of the potential conflicts of interest of
Mr. Abramson and Mr. Olson and other members of
management, the Kent board established, by unanimous written
consent dated February 26, 2001, a special committee
consisting of three independent and disinterested directors for
the purpose of evaluating whether or not it would be in the best
interests of Kent and its shareholders for Kent to enter into
the merger agreement with Avnet. Leroy Morgan, David Siegel and
Alvin L. Zimmerman were appointed to serve on the special
committee.

On March 2, 2001, Kents counsel sent initial comments
on the draft merger agreement to Avnets counsel.

On March 4, 2001, Mr. Vallee, Mr. Sadowski,
Andrew Bryant, President of Avnets Computer Marketing
group, Steven Church, Co-President of Avnets Electronics
Marketing group, Patrick Jewett, Avnet Senior Vice President,
Mr. Olson, Mr. Chapko, and Mark Zerbe, President of
Kents Datacomm division, met informally over dinner and
discussed the Kent business. Those participants met again on
March 5, 2001 for
high level discussions of the possible business combination,
including potential synergies between the businesses.

From March 5, 2001 through March 14, 2001
representatives of Avnet and Arthur Andersen, Avnets
independent auditors, met with or spoke to representatives of
Kent in Houston for due diligence review and discussions, and
Avnets counsel met with Kents counsel and conducted
due diligence of certain of Kents contracts and
agreements. Concurrent with Avnets due diligence of Kent,
Kents legal counsel conducted due diligence on Avnet by
reviewing certain publicly available materials, and Kents
management reviewed certain business and operational issues
related to Avnet with representatives of Avnet.

On March 12, 2001, Avnets counsel sent a revised
draft of a proposed merger agreement to Kents counsel, and
Messrs. Vallee, Sadowski and Olson discussed the effect of
each companys projected earnings in the current quarter on

On March 13, 2001, Messrs. Vallee, Sadowski, Birk,
Abramson and Olson and Lynn Morgen, Kents public relations
consultant, discussed issues relating to the public announcement
of a merger if the transaction was completed.

On March 14, 2001, Messrs. Vallee, Sadowski and Birk,
representatives of Merrill Lynch, Mr. Olson,
Mr. Chapko, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
and Kents counsel met to respond to due diligence
questions of the financial advisors and legal counsel in
connection with the proposed transaction.

On March 16, 2001 Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Olson
discussed the exchange ratio for the acquisition.
Mr. Sadowski noted that Avnet, after review of due
diligence and other financial information, was concerned about
the impact of the acquisition on Avnets earnings.

Later that day, Mr. Olson and Mr. Vallee discussed the
economics of the proposed acquisition. Mr. Sadowski and
Mr. Olson had two additional conversations regarding the
fixed exchange ratio at which Avnet was willing to proceed later
that day and into the evening.

On March 17, 2001, Mr. Sadowski and Mr. Olson had
further discussions and reached a preliminary understanding
regarding the exchange ratio, subject to negotiation of all
other terms and conditions of the acquisition, final review of
the acquisition by their respective financial advisers and legal
counsel and approval of each Board of Directors.

Over the next several days, representatives of Avnet and Kent
and their respective counsel continued to negotiate the terms of
the proposed merger agreement and related agreements. See
Other Agreements on page 68.

On March 20, 2001, the special committee of Kents
board of directors held a meeting to consider the proposed
transaction. At this meeting, the Kent special committee first
met with Kents legal counsel without anyone else being
present, including any other director or member of Kents
management. At the beginning of the meeting, the special
committee was advised of its fiduciary duties relating to the
transaction. In addition, the special committee was advised by
counsel of the principal terms of the proposed merger and the
results of the due diligence review of Avnet, and Kents
counsel described the terms of the proposed merger agreement and
stock option agreement (current drafts and executive summaries
of which were provided to the special committee in advance of
the meeting) and responded to questions from the special
committee. After completing its meeting with legal counsel, the
special committee considered the strategic reasons for the
proposed merger through presentations by, and discussions with,
Mr. Olson and Mr. Abramson. Thereafter, the special
committee reviewed the financial terms of the proposed merger
with Credit Suisse First Boston. After excusing Kents
management and the representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
from the meeting, and after due deliberation, the special
committee unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
related agreements and the transactions contemplated by those
agreements and determined to recommend that the full board of
directors of Kent vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement
and stock option agreement and recommend that the shareholders
of Kent approve and adopt the merger agreement.
On March 21, 2001, the board of directors of Kent met to
consider the proposed transaction. Mr. Chapko also attended
this meeting. After being advised by legal counsel of its
fiduciary duties relating to the

transaction, the Kent board considered the strategic reasons for
the proposed merger, the principal terms of the proposed merger,
the recommendation of the special committee and the results of
the due diligence review of Avnet. In addition, Kents
counsel described to the board the terms of the proposed merger
agreement and certain related agreements (current drafts and
executive summaries of which were provided to the board in
advance of the meeting) and responded to questions from
directors. Thereafter, representatives of Credit Suisse First
Boston joined the meeting to make a presentation to the board of
directors of Kent regarding the financial terms of the proposed
merger. After this presentation, Credit Suisse First Boston
delivered its oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by
delivery of a written opinion dated March 21, 2001, to the
effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on review described in its opinion, the exchange
ratio in the merger agreement was fair to the holders of Kent
common stock from a financial point of view. After excusing the
representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston from the meeting,
and after due deliberation, the Kent board of directors
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the related
agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements
and resolved to recommend that Kents shareholders vote to
approve and adopt the merger agreement.
On March 21, 2001, the board of directors of Avnet met to
consider the proposed transaction. Mr. Vallee discussed the
strategic reasons for the acquisition with the board.
Representatives of Merrill Lynch reviewed for the Avnet board of
directors its financial analysis of the proposed exchange ratio
and delivered to the Avnet board of directors an oral opinion,
which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion
dated March 21, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date
and based on and subject to the matters described in its
opinion, the exchange ratio provided for in the merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to Avnet. The board of directors
of Avnet then considered and approved the principal terms of the
acquisition and authorized Avnet management to finalize the
appropriate documents and execute definitive agreements.

Final negotiations continued through the evening of
March 21, 2001, and the merger agreement and related
agreements were executed late that evening. A press release
announcing the merger transaction was issued at approximately
4:00 a.m., Eastern time, on March 22, 2001.

The merger agreement as executed on March 21, 2001,
provided that the merger would be a so-called reverse
triangular merger, in which a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Avnet would merge into Kent and cease to exist, and Kent would
become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avnet. On April 18,
2001, Mr. Sadowski reported to the executive committee of the
Avnet board of directors that it might be appropriate to change
the structure of the merger from a reverse triangular merger to
a merger of Kent directly into Avnet, in which Kent would cease
to exist. This change would support the tax-free treatment of
the proposed merger if Avnet assumes directly all the assets,
rights, liabilities and obligations of Kent immediately after
the merger. After consulting with its financial advisors and
legal counsel, the executive committee approved the new proposed
structure in which Kent would be merged directly into Avnet, and
authorized the officers of Avnet to negotiate and document the
change in an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger.

The change of the merger from a reverse triangular merger to a
direct merger of Kent into Avnet, and the adoption of the
amended and restated agreement and plan of merger, do not affect
the exchange ratio or otherwise adversely affect the rights or
obligations of Avnet, Kent or their shareholders.

On April 19, 2001, Mr. Sadowski discussed the new proposed
structure of the merger with Mr. Olson. Subsequently, Credit
Suisse First Boston delivered to the board of directors of Kent
a revised fairness opinion dated, and speaking only as of, March
21, 2001. This fairness opinion was revised solely to reflect
the change of the merger from a reverse triangular merger to a
direct merger.