The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Interland Inc & Micron Electronics Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Early in 2000, management of Interland and Micron Electronics had engaged
in informal general discussions. In November 2000, Interland reinitiated those
discussions, regarding the possibility of a strategic relationship between the
two companies. On December 15, 2000, Micron Electronics and Interland entered
into a confidentiality agreement.

     During the last two weeks of December 2000 and throughout the month of
January 2001, discussions continued, primarily between the chief executive
officers of the companies, regarding a potential business combination between
the two companies.

     At a meeting of the Interland board of directors on January 16, 2001,
strategic alternatives were discussed, including potential additional
investments by current strategic partners. At the meeting, representatives of
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., financial advisor to Interland, made a presentation to
the Interland board of directors regarding current equity market conditions,
which generally indicated that raising additional capital would be difficult at
best for the foreseeable future. The Interland board was also advised by
Interland's legal counsel, Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, of its fiduciary duties in
considering a merger with Micron Electronics. Immediately after this board
meeting, the executive management of Interland and Micron Electronics
intensified their discussions regarding a potential combination.

     On January 17, 2001, in Los Angeles, California, executive officers of
Micron Electronics met with executive officers of Interland to discuss a
possible business combination.

     On January 22, 2001, a telephonic meeting was held with executive officers
and the financial advisors and legal counsel of both Micron Electronics and
Interland during which the broad strategic goals of a potential business
combination of the two companies were discussed. It was resolved at this meeting
to schedule a meeting of the parties to further investigate and discuss the
potential business combination.
On January 23, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
meeting by teleconference during which they discussed the potential Interland
transaction and authorized Micron Electronics' executive management to proceed
with further analysis and due diligence. The Micron Electronics' board was also
advised by Micron Electronics' legal counsel, Fenwick & West LLP and Dorsey &
Whitney LLP, of its fiduciary duties in considering the merger with Interland.

     On January 24, 2001, in Dallas, Texas, Messrs. Kocher, Cavender, and
Stewart of Micron Electronics and representatives of CIBC World Markets Corp.,
financial advisor to Micron Electronics, met with Messrs. Gavranovic, Gill and
Covington of Interland, and representatives of Bear Stearns to discuss the terms
of a potential business combination between Micron Electronics and Interland. At
this meeting, the executives of both companies made detailed presentations
regarding their areas of operation. In addition, the structure, economic terms
and other material conditions of a potential combination were discussed in a
preliminary manner. This meeting concluded without agreement between the parties
with respect to price or other financial terms.

     The status of discussions with Micron Electronics, including the results of
this meeting, were reported to the Interland board of directors at its meeting
on January 31, 2001. After receiving this report and discussing the general
financial condition and strategic direction of the company, the Interland board
of directors approved the formal engagement of Bear Stearns as its financial
advisor to identify and evaluate, and conduct an appropriate search for,
strategic transactions for the company.
In the period from just prior to the January 31, 2001 Interland board
meeting until the execution of the merger agreement with Micron Electronics,
Bear Stearns assisted Interland in developing a list of prospective purchasers
of, or investors in, Interland and then contacted those entities, and in some
cases engaged in discussions regarding the possibility of a strategic
transaction with Interland. By March 1, 2001, Bear Stearns or officers of
Interland had made contact with 21 parties other than Micron Electronics,
provided confidential information regarding Interland to 11 of these other
parties and engaged in discussions with two of these other parties regarding a
potential transaction.

     On February 1, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
meeting by teleconference and discussed the possibility of entering into a
transaction with Interland, including discussions regarding the appropriate
valuation ranges for Interland, and approved the delivery of a non-binding
preliminary letter of interest to Interland.

     A preliminary letter of interest was received by Interland from Micron
Electronics during the first week of February 2001, but several of its proposed
material terms were unacceptable to Interland. A revised letter of interest was
presented to Interland during the second week of February. Although the parties
had not reached agreement on many of the material terms addressed in the revised
letter, management of both parties agreed that it was appropriate for both to
continue with more thorough due diligence while attempting to resolve the issues
on which there continued to be disagreement. During the latter half of February
2001, both companies engaged in extensive legal, operational and financial due
diligence investigations of the other.
On February 14, 2001, the Micron Electronics board of directors held a
regularly scheduled meeting and discussed further the possibility of entering
into a transaction with Interland. The Micron Electronics board discussed
prospects for maintaining cash at designated levels at the time of the
anticipated closing of any merger with Interland and the possibility that the
proposed exchange ratio would be adjusted if cash and cash equivalents fell
below a specified level. The Micron Electronics board also discussed the
advisability of a contingent distribution of cash to Micron Electronics
shareholders in the event net cash as of the merger closing or Net Proceeds from
any sale of the PC Systems business exceeded specified levels and the means of
adjusting that value fairly if Micron Electronics' cash as of the merger closing
was less than projected.

     On February 20, 2001, in Atlanta, Georgia, a group of the executive
officers of Micron Electronics and representatives of CIBC World Markets met
with a group of the officers of Interland and representatives of Bear Stearns,
to discuss the terms for a potential business combination between Micron
Electronics and Interland. This meeting concluded without agreement between the
parties with respect to price or other financial terms.
From February 20 through 21, 2001, Micron Electronics' human resources,
technical and legal personnel, Micron Electronics' outside legal counsel and
accounting advisor as well as representatives of CIBC World Markets, conducted a
due diligence investigation of Interland in Atlanta. From February 21 through
24, 2001, a group of officers of Interland, representatives of Interland's legal
counsel and accounting advisor and representatives of Bear Stearns, conducted a
due diligence investigation of Micron Electronics in Boise, and Nampa, Idaho. On
February 26 and 27, 2001, executive officers of Interland and representatives of
Bear Stearns conducted a due diligence investigation of the HostPro business in
Seattle, Washington and Los Angeles, California.

     On March 2, 5, and 6, 2001, Messrs. Kocher and Cavender from Micron
Electronics and Mr. Gill and Ms. Stevens from Interland discussed the value of
potential cost reductions and other benefits arising

from the proposed transaction. These discussions concluded without further
discussion between the parties with respect to price or other financial terms.

     A first draft of the merger agreement was delivered by Micron Electronics
to Interland on February 27, 2001, containing details on many of the merger
terms that had previously been discussed between the parties. Between February
27 and March 11, 2001, executive officers of Interland and Interland's financial
and legal advisors continued to negotiate and discuss points of disagreement
with Micron Electronics and its legal and financial advisors, resolving many
open issues.
At a special meeting of the Interland board of directors on the evening of
Sunday, March 11, 2001, management, legal counsel and the financial advisors to
Interland reported on the material terms of the merger agreement and the
significant points of negotiations between the parties that remained unresolved
at that time. Bear Stearns and members of Interland management also updated the
Interland board of directors on the status of the company's strategic
alternatives, including the possibility of raising capital from strategic
partners. While it was reported that some of Interland's strategic partners had
indicated a general interest in potentially making additional, noncontrol
investments in Interland, these discussions were at a preliminary stage and
would take substantial additional time to bring to closure. Bear Stearns and
management updated the Interland board of directors on the status of contacts
with prospective strategic partners.

     They also reported on an oral indication of interest in a merger with
Interland that had been expressed by one of the entities contacted by Bear
Stearns. It was agreed that the indication of interest from this other company
should be pursued and that Interland should cooperate in every reasonable manner
to provide the information needed to allow this entity to decide whether to make
a formal offer.
From March 16 through 22, 2001, Micron Electronics and Interland were
engaged in negotiations on key transaction terms and documents. During this
period, issues under discussion included Micron Electronics' concerns about: the
method of calculating and adjusting the proposed exchange ratio; Interland's
request for a covenant or closing condition giving comfort that Micron
Electronics would sell or exit, or announce its intention to sell or exit, its
PC Systems business prior to the merger closing; the calculation of any
distributions of the Net Proceeds from the sale of the PC Systems business that
could be made to the shareholders of Micron Electronics; details of the
pre-closing bridge loan requested by Interland and the interplay of the loan
provisions with the merger agreement; the composition and structure of the board
of directors of the combined company; and the acceleration of vesting as to some
Interland options.
Management of Interland and its financial advisors met with representatives
of the other company on March 16, 2001, to discuss the financial condition of
Interland and a potential combination of the two companies. On March 20, 2001,
the other company delivered to Interland a written indication of interest to
engage in a merger pursuant to which each Interland share of common stock would
be exchanged for common stock of the other company valued based on a trailing
30-day market average, which was equal to approximately $2.20 per Interland
share as of March 21, 2001. The offer was expressly conditioned upon completion
of business, legal, and accounting due diligence by the other company, which its
chief executive officer had orally indicated would take at least 10 days. The
indication of interest was expressly nonbinding. Interland, in consultation with
its legal counsel and financial advisors, communicated on the day of receipt of
this letter with the chief executive officer of the other company to inquire as
to whether the due diligence investigation period could be shortened and as to
whether the price that was discussed in the letter could be increased. The
response was that the price mentioned in the letter not only would not be
increased but was subject to downward revision if the stock price of the other
company eroded between that time and the time of the signing of a definitive
agreement and that the due diligence period would more likely significantly
exceed the estimate of 10 days that had been previously communicated.

     At the same time, Interland confirmed with the chief executive officer of
Micron Electronics its understanding that Micron Electronics' position was that
a delay in reaching agreement about a proposed business combination beyond March
23, 2001 would result in Micron Electronics terminating all discussions.
Interland considered this comment in the context of the overall negotiations and
concluded
that to give the other company the time needed for a full due diligence
investigation would raise a substantial possibility that Micron Electronics
would terminate discussions with Interland. Even more importantly, Interland
believed that it was very uncertain that a binding agreement with the other
company would ever be entered into. This belief was based in part on Interland's
prior dealings with the other company. These factors caused management of
Interland to tentatively conclude, subject to confirmation by its board of
directors, that it would not be in its shareholders' best interests to risk
losing the Micron Electronics transaction, which had been more fully
investigated by both sides and was on the verge of being signed, in order to
give the other company more time to perform its due diligence investigation and
possibly negotiate a potential merger.
The Micron Electronics board of directors met on March 22, 2001, to discuss
various aspects of the proposed transaction with Interland, including the
principal transaction terms and other issues that had not yet been resolved
during the course of the negotiations. During the meeting, the Micron
Electronics board of directors also reviewed management's and counsel's due
diligence reports on Interland, received a presentation from CIBC World Markets
on the financial aspects of the proposed transaction. Following this
presentation, CIBC World Markets delivered its oral opinion to the Micron
Electronics board of directors, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to
the effect that, as of that date and based upon qualifications, assumptions and
other matters set forth in the written opinion, the proposed exchange ratio of
0.8610 provided for in the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of Micron Electronics common stock. Based upon these
discussions, the board of directors authorized Micron Electronics' management to
proceed with the proposed transaction, specifying an exchange ratio of 0.8610
shares of Micron Electronics common stock for each share of Interland common
stock, subject to adjustment under specified circumstances. The parties and
their respective legal representatives continued to negotiate over the next
several hours to resolve open issues, including details regarding the potential
cash payment to the Micron Electronics shareholders, the adjustment of the
exchange ratio if Micron Electronics were to be unable to maintain cash at
designated levels at the time of the anticipated closing of any merger with
Interland, closing conditions, and some of the specific terms of the transaction
documents. Micron Electronics' board of directors then reconvened and approved
the final terms of the merger agreement and the related transaction agreements.
Also during this period, Micron Electronics and Ken Gavranovic negotiated the
terms of an employment agreement to become effective if the merger closes.