The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between ALZA Corp & Johnson & Johnson:
BACKGROUND TO THE MERGER

     During the spring of 2000, representatives of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson
discussed from time to time ways in which the companies could cooperate,
including by means of a potential business combination. A confidentiality
agreement was executed on May 18, 2000 in connection with these discussions. The
companies terminated the discussions before reaching any agreement as to the
price or structure of a potential business combination. Following the
termination of discussions in June 2000, Johnson & Johnson destroyed all
information it had received from ALZA under the confidentiality agreement.

     On December 11, 2000, Mr. William Weldon, Johnson & Johnson's Vice Chairman
(who at the time of the meeting was Johnson & Johnson's Worldwide Chairman,
Pharmaceuticals Group), met with Dr. Ernest Mario, ALZA's Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, and discussed various matters concerning the ongoing
product-related relationships between the companies. The meeting included a
general discussion regarding exploration of a possible broader relationship
between the companies, including the possibility of a potential business
combination.

     On January 16, 2001, business development executives of ALZA and Johnson &
Johnson met to review current information regarding ALZA's business and
financial status.

     On February 20, 2001, Mr. Weldon met Dr. Mario. They discussed the
possibility of a business combination between ALZA and Johnson & Johnson and the
potential strategic, commercial and financial benefits of such a transaction.

     Following the February 20, 2001 meeting, Dr. Mario conferred with members
of the ALZA board of directors and several members of the ALZA management
regarding the potential benefits of a business combination.

     On February 23, 2001, ALZA provided to Johnson & Johnson a mutual
confidentiality and standstill agreement, which the two companies signed on
February 27, 2001.

     Thereafter, the ALZA senior management retained J.P. Morgan Securities
Inc., formerly known as Chase Securities Inc., and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner
& Smith Incorporated to provide financial advisory services to ALZA regarding
the proposed business combination with Johnson & Johnson. The ALZA senior
management also engaged Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP, as counsel, to
represent ALZA in the proposed business combination.

     On March 1, 2001, members of the ALZA senior management and Johnson &
Johnson each began their due diligence reviews of the other's business.

     At a meeting of the ALZA board of directors held on March 5, 2001, JPMorgan
and Merrill Lynch reviewed with the ALZA board of directors selected publicly
available business and financial information concerning Johnson & Johnson, its
products and stock performance, and a potential business combination between
Johnson & Johnson and ALZA.

     On March 6, 2001, a draft merger agreement and stock option agreement were
circulated to senior management and the advisors of each company. Thereafter,
the management and advisors of each company reviewed and negotiated the legal
and economic terms of the merger agreement and the stock option agreement.

     On March 14, 2001, Mr. Weldon and Dr. Mario met to review business and
organizational issues relating to the potential business combination.

     At a meeting of the ALZA board of directors held on March 15, 2001, the
ALZA senior management made presentations regarding the proposed business
combination and the status of the negotiations and discussions about the merger
agreement. ALZA's financial, legal and accounting advisors also participated in
the meeting. After discussion, the ALZA board of directors directed the ALZA

management and advisors to continue negotiations with Johnson & Johnson. Further
negotiations occurred on March 15 and 16, 2001.

     On March 16, 2001, Johnson & Johnson and ALZA failed to reach an agreement
on an exchange ratio, and merger discussions were suspended.

     On March 20, 2001, Mr. Weldon and Dr. Mario reinitiated discussions
regarding the proposed business combination, including the proposed exchange
ratio and other terms of a business combination of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA.
From March 23, 2001 through March 26, 2001, representatives of ALZA and Johnson
& Johnson held discussions and negotiations regarding the terms of the proposed
business combination, the merger agreement and the stock option agreement.
At a meeting of the ALZA board of directors held on March 25, 2001, the
ALZA senior management made further presentations regarding the status of the
discussions and negotiations about the merger agreement. At the same meeting,
JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch reviewed with the ALZA board of directors various
financial analyses of the proposed business combination, including implied
exchange ratios under various valuation methodologies. Heller Ehrman White &
McAuliffe LLP updated the ALZA board of directors regarding changes to the draft
merger agreement and the status of negotiations. Ernst & Young LLP also
participated in the meeting. After discussion, the ALZA board of directors
directed the ALZA management and advisors to continue negotiations with Johnson
& Johnson.

     At a meeting of the ALZA board of directors held on March 26, 2001, the
discussions and negotiations about the merger agreement, including the proposed
exchange ratio. At that meeting, JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch delivered their
respective opinions to the ALZA board of directors to the effect that the
proposed exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to ALZA
stockholders. After further review and discussion, the ALZA board of directors
approved, with one director absent, the merger agreement and declared its
advisability, approved the stock option agreement and authorized management to
execute and deliver to Johnson & Johnson the merger agreement and the stock
option agreement. Concurrently, the Johnson & Johnson board of directors held a
meeting at which the Johnson & Johnson board of directors considered the merger
and authorized the execution and delivery of the merger agreement and the stock
option agreement.
The definitive merger agreement and stock option agreement were executed on
behalf of ALZA, Johnson & Johnson and Express Merger Sub on March 26, 2001, and
on March 27, 2001 the parties issued a joint press release announcing the
signing of the merger agreement.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF THE ALZA BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     REASONS FOR THE MERGER.  In the course of reaching its decision to approve
the merger agreement, the ALZA board of directors considered and reviewed with
the ALZA senior management and outside advisors a number of factors relevant to
the merger, including ALZA's strategic business plans, its commercial
operations, its financial position and potential for growth in revenues and
earnings, its products and research and development portfolio and its commercial
operations.

     The ALZA board of directors also considered, among other matters:

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that the combination of the businesses
       of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson will result in a combined organization with
       greater financial, technical and other resources than ALZA could provide
       as a stand-alone entity, and will allow for a significant acceleration in
       the commercial success of ALZA products and technologies

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that Johnson & Johnson will provide
       greater resources and opportunities for ALZA technology and product
       development programs, including the potential application of ALZA drug
       delivery technologies to a large portfolio of existing products and
       pharmaceutical compounds resulting from Johnson & Johnson's research
       efforts

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that the products marketed by ALZA are
       complementary with Johnson & Johnson's therapeutic areas of focus,
       including women's health, urology, central nervous system conditions,
       pain management and oncology, and that the combined organization will be
       able to increase sales of ALZA products in those areas more rapidly than
       ALZA as a stand-alone entity

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that Johnson & Johnson's strong
       international commercial presence and strengths in worldwide product
       registration, marketing and distribution will complement the capabilities
       of ALZA and will accelerate the introduction and growth of ALZA products
       in international markets

     - the ALZA board of directors' assessment of the existing relationships
       between ALZA and Johnson & Johnson, its assessment of the complementary
       strengths of each of the companies, the compatibility of corporate
       cultures and the historical success of Johnson & Johnson in incorporating
       acquired companies into a decentralized corporate organization

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that as a result of the merger, the
       ALZA stockholders will hold interests in a more diversified entity, with
       business and revenues not only from a large, diverse pharmaceutical
       products business, but also from medical devices and consumer products
       businesses

     - the ALZA board of directors' assessment of ALZA's strategic alternatives
       and its view that the merger presented more attractive opportunities than
       remaining as an independent company or attempting to increase ALZA's
       business by acquiring other companies

     - information regarding historical market prices and other information with
       respect to ALZA common stock, and the financial performance and
       condition, assets, liabilities, business operations and prospects of each
       of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA and their projected future values and
       prospects as separate entities and on a combined basis

     - the presentations delivered by JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch, and the
       written opinions of JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch, to the ALZA board of
       directors to the effect that as of the date of the opinions and based on
       and subject to the matters set forth in their respective opinions, the
       exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to ALZA
       stockholders

     - the ALZA board of directors' assessment of the value of shares of Johnson
       & Johnson common stock to be received by ALZA stockholders in the merger
       and the premium represented thereby over various historical prices for
       ALZA common stock

     - a comparison of selected recent acquisition and merger transactions in
       the industry as well as the trading performance for comparable companies
       in the industry

     - the ALZA board of directors' belief that the terms of the merger
       agreement, including the parties' mutual representations, warranties and
       covenants, are reasonable


     - the expected tax and accounting treatment of the merger and

     - reports from the ALZA management and advisors as to the results of their
       review of Johnson & Johnson's business.

     The ALZA board of directors also considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including, but not
limited to:

     - the risk that the benefits sought to be achieved in the merger will not
       be achieved

     - the fixed nature of the exchange ratio and the resulting risk that,
       should there be a decrease in the market value of Johnson & Johnson
       common stock, the value of the consideration to be received by the ALZA
       stockholders in the merger would be reduced

     - the risks inherent in Johnson & Johnson's broad-based health care
       products business, including risks associated with potential changes in
       the health care industry generally and

     - the risks to ALZA's business that might result from constraints imposed
       by interim operating covenants contained in the merger agreement.


     This summary is not meant to be an exhaustive description of the
information and factors considered by the ALZA board of directors but includes
all material factors considered. In view of the wide variety of factors
considered by the ALZA board of directors, it was not possible to quantify or to
give relative weights to the various factors. After taking into consideration
all the factors set forth above, as well as other factors not specifically
described above, the ALZA board of directors approved the merger and the merger
agreement because of the ALZA board of directors' belief that the merger is
advisable to ALZA and its stockholders.

     RECOMMENDATION OF THE ALZA BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  After careful
consideration, the ALZA board of directors has approved the merger agreement and
determined that the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement are advisable to ALZA and its stockholders. The ALZA board of
directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of ALZA vote "FOR" the
adoption of the merger agreement.

OPINIONS OF J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC. AND MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER &
SMITH INCORPORATED

     OPINION OF J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC.


     JPMorgan acted as ALZA's financial advisor in connection with the merger.
ALZA requested JPMorgan, in its role as a financial advisor, to evaluate the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio in the merger to
the holders of ALZA common stock. On March 26, 2001, JPMorgan delivered its
written opinion to the ALZA board of directors to the effect that, as of such
date and based upon and subject to certain matters stated therein, the exchange
ratio in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
ALZA common stock.

     The JPMorgan opinion, the summary of the JPMorgan opinion and the
procedures and analyses described below are based on the exchange ratio of 0.49
in effect on the date of the JPMorgan opinion, and neither the JPMorgan opinion
nor such summary or such procedures or analyses have been restated to give
effect to the adjustment of the exchange ratio from 0.49 to 0.98 that will be
made upon the effectiveness of Johnson & Johnson's two-for-one stock split which
is expected to be effected on or about June 12, 2001.

     THE FULL TEXT OF THE JPMORGAN FAIRNESS OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH THE
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, FACTORS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS UPON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN
BY JPMORGAN IN RENDERING ITS OPINION, IS INCLUDED IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX 3. JPMORGAN'S WRITTEN OPINION WAS ADDRESSED TO THE
ALZA BOARD OF DIRECTORS, WAS DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL
POINT OF VIEW, OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO IN THE MERGER TO THE HOLDERS OF ALZA COMMON
STOCK AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY ALZA STOCKHOLDER AS TO HOW
SUCH STOCKHOLDER SHOULD VOTE ON THE MERGER OR ANY OTHER MATTER. THE FOLLOWING
SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE JPMORGAN FAIRNESS OPINION IS QUALIFIED
BY REFERENCE TO SUCH OPINION. ALZA STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THIS OPINION
IN ITS ENTIRETY.
In arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan, among other things:

     - reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated March 26, 2001

     - reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
       concerning ALZA and Johnson & Johnson and the industries in which they
       operate

     - compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the publicly
       available financial terms of certain transactions involving companies
       JPMorgan deemed relevant and the consideration received for such
       companies

     - compared the financial and operating performance of ALZA and Johnson &
       Johnson with publicly available information concerning certain other
       companies JPMorgan deemed relevant

     - reviewed the current and historical market prices of ALZA common stock
       and Johnson & Johnson common stock and certain publicly traded securities
       of such other companies

     - reviewed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts prepared by
       ALZA and its management relating to ALZA's business and

     - performed such other financial studies and analyses and considered such
       other information as JPMorgan deemed appropriate for the purposes of its
       opinion.

     JPMorgan also held discussions with certain members of the management of
ALZA and Johnson & Johnson with respect to certain aspects of the merger, and
the past and current business operations of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson, the
financial condition and future prospects and operations of ALZA and Johnson &
Johnson and certain other matters believed necessary or appropriate to
JPMorgan's inquiry. In addition, JPMorgan reviewed such other financial studies
and analyses and considered such other information as it deemed appropriate for
the purposes of its opinion. JPMorgan did not receive any forecast from Johnson
& Johnson as to its projected financial performance other than guidance that
JPMorgan could rely on consensus research analyst earnings estimates for the
year 2001.
In rendering its opinion, JPMorgan relied upon and assumed, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information that
was publicly available or that was furnished to it by ALZA and Johnson & Johnson
or otherwise reviewed by it, and JPMorgan did not assume any responsibility or
liability therefor. JPMorgan did not conduct any valuation or appraisal of any
assets or liabilities, nor were any valuations or appraisals provided to it. In
relying on financial analyses and forecasts provided to it, JPMorgan assumed
that they were reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments by management as to the expected
future results of operations and financial condition of ALZA and Johnson &
Johnson to which such analyses or forecasts relate. In addition, JPMorgan
assumed that the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for United
States Federal income tax purposes and be accounted for as a pooling of
interests under United States generally accepted accounting principles and that
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will
be completed as described in the merger agreement. JPMorgan further assumed that
the definitive merger agreement will not differ in any material respects from
the draft merger agreement dated March 26, 2001 furnished to it. JPMorgan
further assumed that all material governmental, regulatory or other consents and
approvals necessary for the completion of the merger will be obtained without
any adverse effect on ALZA or Johnson & Johnson or on the contemplated benefits
of the merger.