Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'FFCA':
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of shareholders (the
"Meeting") of Franchise Finance Corporation of America, a Maryland corporation
("FFCA"), will be held on ________, ______, 2001 at 10:00 a.m. local time, at
The Fairmont Scottsdale Princess, 7575 East Princess Drive, Scottsdale, Arizona
for the following purposes:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'REIT':
*    the receipt by GE Capital of an opinion of counsel as to the status of
          FFCA as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") under the Internal
          Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Tax Code") and the tax status of specified
          subsidiaries;

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'GE Capital':
1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve a merger and the related
amendment to FFCA's charter, as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of March 30, 2001, among General Electric Capital Corporation
("GE Capital"), Galahad Acquisition Corp., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
of GE Capital ("Merger Sub") and FFCA that will result in:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'FFO':
*    WHOLE LOAN SALES. In 2000, FFCA commenced a whole loan sale program as
          a result of the execution of a loan sale agreement and servicing
          agreement with Washington Mutual Bank, FA. Under this program, a
          taxable REIT subsidiary of FFCA receives income from the origination
          and sale of loans, as well as continuing revenue from FFCA's servicing
          of the loans after they are sold. Under the loan sale agreement, which
          is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2002, Washington Mutual is not
          obligated to and does not purchase all loans originated by FFCA.
          During 2000, Washington Mutual purchased approximately half of the
          loans FFCA originated. In addition, the purchase of loans under the
          loan sale agreement is subject to borrower credit concentration
          limits. Washington Mutual has recently informally indicated to FFCA
          that it intends to reduce these concentration limits. This recent
          indication by Washington Mutual will require FFCA to continue to
          develop the use of other capital sources to fund new investments.
          Although whole loan sales permit FFCA to conduct business without the
          need for additional capital, FFCA believes there are risks in
          substantially relying on whole loan sales as a source of capital in
          the future since the sale of loans to Washington Mutual or other
          institutional investors is not under FFCA's complete control. In
          addition, FFCA believes that whole loan sales have increased the
          volatility of FFCA's funds from operations ("FFO"), making FFCA's
          future growth more difficult for investors to evaluate. As a result,
          FFCA believes that investors may discount FFCA's ability to originate
          and sell loans in the future in amounts sufficient to achieve
          acceptable increases in FFO, which may negatively affect the market

The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Franchise Finance Corp of Amer & General Electric Capital Corp:

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Beginning in early 1999, FFCA's senior management commenced a strategic
review of its then current method of operations. At that time, FFCA's method of
operations had been changing with a greater emphasis on loan securitizations and
fee-based services. In addition, new business opportunities were being
identified which were not related to the passive ownership of real estate. The
Tax Code limits FFCA's ability to pursue many of these future growth
opportunities because of FFCA's status as a REIT. At the same time, FFCA was
facing competition from existing and new sources. In addition, the capital
markets that FFCA participated in for funding new financings were undergoing
changes. The effects on

FFCA's operations of these changes in the capital markets, competition and REIT
provisions of the Tax Code are discussed in more detail below.

     CAPITAL MARKETS. Since FFCA's organization as a REIT in 1994, FFCA has
relied principally on four external sources of capital to fund new investments:
loan securitizations, whole loan sales, corporate borrowings and the sale of
common stock. As described below, each of these capital sources presented, and
continues to present, unique challenges that FFCA believes may limit FFCA's
operating results and stock market performance in the future.
*    LOAN SECURITIZATIONS. Since 1994, FFCA's largest source of capital has
          been through the securitization of loans. In these securitizations,
          FFCA's loans are transferred to a trust that issues trust certificates
          or other securities that are then sold to institutional investors.
          FFCA believes that the securitization markets may not be a reliable
          and competitive source of capital for FFCA in the future since the
          number of purchasers for securities issued in this type of transaction
          is becoming more limited and there have been recent loan delinquencies
          in comparable securitizations that were sponsored by parties other
          than FFCA. In addition, future reliance on loan securitizations to
          fund substantial investments by FFCA will likely result in a greater
          percentage of FFCA's assets being comprised of subordinated
          securitization securities that FFCA retains when it enters into a
          securitization transaction. The cash flows from, and value of, these
          subordinated securitization securities can be volatile. FFCA also
          believes that further material increases in the amount of subordinated
          securitization securities it holds may negatively affect FFCA's
          corporate debt ratings in the future, making it more difficult to
          raise capital through the issuance of debt.
*    WHOLE LOAN SALES. In 2000, FFCA commenced a whole loan sale program as
          a result of the execution of a loan sale agreement and servicing
          agreement with Washington Mutual Bank, FA. Under this program, a
          taxable REIT subsidiary of FFCA receives income from the origination
          and sale of loans, as well as continuing revenue from FFCA's servicing
          of the loans after they are sold. Under the loan sale agreement, which
          is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2002, Washington Mutual is not
          obligated to and does not purchase all loans originated by FFCA.
          During 2000, Washington Mutual purchased approximately half of the
          loans FFCA originated. In addition, the purchase of loans under the
          loan sale agreement is subject to borrower credit concentration
          limits. Washington Mutual has recently informally indicated to FFCA
          that it intends to reduce these concentration limits. This recent
          indication by Washington Mutual will require FFCA to continue to
          develop the use of other capital sources to fund new investments.
          Although whole loan sales permit FFCA to conduct business without the
          need for additional capital, FFCA believes there are risks in
          substantially relying on whole loan sales as a source of capital in
          the future since the sale of loans to Washington Mutual or other
          institutional investors is not under FFCA's complete control. In
          addition, FFCA believes that whole loan sales have increased the
          volatility of FFCA's funds from operations ("FFO"), making FFCA's
          future growth more difficult for investors to evaluate. As a result,
          FFCA believes that investors may discount FFCA's ability to originate
          and sell loans in the future in amounts sufficient to achieve
          acceptable increases in FFO, which may negatively affect the market
          price of FFCA's stock. In addition, governmentally regulated financial
          institutions may be subject to regulations which may restrict or limit
          their ability to purchase franchise loans. These restrictions, if
          increased, could negatively affect FFCA's ability to sell loans in the
          future.
*    CORPORATE BORROWINGS. As of March 31, 2001, FFCA had investment-grade
          debt ratings of BBB, Baa2 and BBB- from Fitch, Moody's and Standard
          and Poor's, respectively. FFCA believes that favorable credit ratings
          are essential to make additional borrowings at favorable rates in the
          future and strongly influence FFCA's costs of shorter-term credit
          lines. FFCA also believes a material

          increase in the amount of subordinated securitization securities it
          holds from entering into securitization transactions as described
          above could negatively affect FFCA's corporate credit ratings and
          result in reduced financial flexibility and greater shareholder risk
          in the future. Incurring debt to fund increasing origination volumes
          without accessing new equity capital presents difficulties for FFCA
          because FFCA is required to maintain specified debt-to-equity ratios
          under various agreements.

     *    COMMON STOCK. Since January 1997, the market price of FFCA's common
          stock has declined as a multiple of the estimate of FFCA's projected
          FFO by security analysts that follow FFCA's stock. As a result of
          FFCA's lower FFO trading multiples, FFCA currently believes that the
          issuance of its common stock would result in the dilution of its
          shareholders or would not achieve an acceptable rate of return. Since
          the amount of corporate debt which FFCA may issue is limited by
          covenants relating to FFCA's debt-to-equity ratio, FFCA's inability to
          issue common stock at appropriate prices effectively limits its
          ability to issue debt to fund financing activities, thereby reducing
          corporate financial flexibility and competitiveness in the future.
COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT. Over the past several years, FFCA has encountered
competition in FFCA's principal business of financing chain stores from large,
diversified financial institutions competing in FFCA's market. FFCA believes
that these diversified financial institutions have competitive advantages over
FFCA because of their lower cost and greater availability of capital as compared
to FFCA. Higher capital costs limit FFCA's ability to offer financing at rates
similar to those offered by diversified financial institutions and could
restrict FFCA's growth.

     REIT STATUS. In order to maintain FFCA's status as a REIT under the Tax
Code, a substantial majority of FFCA's income and assets must be derived from
passive real estate activities. Income from whole loan sales, servicing third
parties' loan portfolios and the sale of products and services to chain store
operators (such as insurance products and personnel services) are not qualifying
income under the REIT provisions of the Tax Code. As a result, FFCA believes
that the REIT provisions of the Tax Code could limit its business opportunities
in the future.

     CHRONOLOGY. In light of these business issues, FFCA's senior management,
with the concurrence of its board of directors, retained Merrill Lynch & Co. and
Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc. during the first quarter of 1999 to act as FFCA's
financial advisors. The financial advisors were retained to review FFCA's
position in its industry and strategic alternatives, and to identify companies
which would potentially be interested in a merger, consolidation, reorganization
or other strategic business transaction with FFCA.
On April 7, 1999, at a special meeting of FFCA's board of directors,
representatives of Merrill Lynch and Bear Stearns discussed the state of the
commercial finance industry and the valuation of commercial finance companies,
and reviewed their process for identifying strategic alternatives for FFCA. At
that meeting, the law firm of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett was retained as special
counsel to FFCA and representatives of that firm reviewed with the board its
legal duties in connection with the exploration of strategic alternatives.
Representatives of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett also reviewed the terms of a
proposed shareholders' rights agreement for FFCA, which was adopted by the board
of directors at that meeting. At that meeting, the board also authorized the
compensation committee of the board to consider the adoption of
change-in-control or similar agreements to provide appropriate protection and
incentives for FFCA's senior management and other key employees of FFCA to
continue their employment with FFCA in light of FFCA's exploration of strategic
alternatives. The board of directors also authorized the financial advisors to
solicit indications of interest from third parties for a possible transaction
with FFCA.
Following the April 7, 1999 meeting, Merrill Lynch and Bear Stearns
identified potential purchasers and joint venture partners to be contacted.
Initially, approximately 25 companies were identified and contacted. These
companies were selected based upon their market capitalization, cost of and
access to capital and interest and/or participation in FFCA's targeted industry.
These companies included diversified finance companies, foreign and domestic
depository institutions and insurance companies. Of these 25 companies, 14
companies signed confidentiality and standstill agreements, following which
information regarding FFCA was provided to them. Following the initial review of
FFCA's confidential material, only two of these 14 interested companies
expressed non-binding indications of interest to continue discussions with FFCA
relating to the purchase of all of the common stock of FFCA. FFCA believes,
based on the various discussions held with the interested companies and with the
other contacted parties, that the limited number of interested parties was
primarily a result of FFCA's large size and its unique mix of assets. In
addition, FFCA believes that many of the potential purchasers did not pursue an
acquisition of FFCA because FFCA's assets were limited to a single asset class
or loan type which exceeded the loan concentration policies of the potential
purchasers or exceeded limits placed on those entities by federal and state
regulators. FFCA's direct ownership of real estate creates obstacles for
financial institutions in acquiring FFCA because those institutions are subject
to regulation by federal and state banking authorities that prevent the
institutions from acquiring real estate asset portfolios like FFCA's portfolio.
On April 29, 1999 and May 7, 1999, the compensation committee of the board
of directors held meetings and received advice from representatives of Hewitt
Associates, independent compensation consultants to FFCA, and representatives of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett regarding proposals for continuity
(change-in-control) agreements to be entered into with FFCA's executive officers
and other senior managers. No action was taken by the compensation committee at
these meetings.

     At a regularly scheduled meeting held on May 12, 1999, the board of
directors, upon the recommendation of the compensation committee which met
earlier on the same date, approved and adopted the proposed change-in-control
program for FFCA's management in order to provide management with appropriate
protection and incentives to continue their employment with FFCA. At that
meeting, Morton H. Fleischer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FFCA,
reviewed with and updated the board of directors as to the status of the
financial advisors' and management's efforts regarding a strategic transaction,
including the number of parties contacted and the difficulties the contacted
parties expressed in pursuing a possible transaction with FFCA.

     On May 19 and May 26, 1999, FFCA received separate written non-binding
indications of interest from GE Capital and another party expressing preliminary
interest in pursuing a transaction with FFCA. In order to complete a transaction
with FFCA, the other potential acquiror indicated that additional parties would
be required to participate with it in the transaction. The other potential
acquiror did not continue negotiations with FFCA with respect to the
acquisition.

     During May and June of 1999, GE Capital conducted its initial due diligence
review of FFCA's operations in Scottsdale, Arizona.

     After further due diligence, on July 12, 1999, FFCA received a subsequent
non-binding indication of interest from GE Capital to purchase all of FFCA's
outstanding common stock, identifying a number of significant conditions to the
signing and completion of a transaction, including continued due diligence
review, negotiation of a mutually satisfactory merger agreement, receipt of a
private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to FFCA's retention
of its REIT status for the year in which the then proposed GE Capital
acquisition would occur in a form satisfactory to GE Capital, execution of
employment agreements with various members of FFCA's management and defeasance
or repayment of FFCA's then outstanding debt. At the same time that this
expression of interest was made, Weil,

Gotshal & Manges LLP, GE Capital's legal counsel, distributed written comments,
reflecting GE Capital's proposal including the conditions listed above, to the
form of merger agreement prepared by FFCA's counsel. Mr. Fleischer individually
advised the members of the board of FFCA's receipt of and terms of this
indication of interest. FFCA, with the concurrence of its board, decided to
further pursue this indication of interest and directed its financial and legal
advisors to continue negotiations and due diligence activities with GE Capital
and its advisors.

     During July through September 1999, FFCA and its advisors continued the
diligence and negotiation efforts with GE Capital and its advisors, attempting
to resolve the various open issues between the parties, including the purchase
price and the conditions contained in GE Capital's proposal.

     On July 30 and August 9, 1999, at meetings of the board of directors, Mr.
Fleischer advised the board on the current status of the proposed transaction
with GE Capital, and representatives of the financial advisors reviewed with the
board the results of their efforts to solicit interest in a strategic
transaction, including the fact that an initial list of approximately 25
companies was contacted, 14 companies signed confidentiality and standstill
agreements and received confidential materials and two companies had submitted
non-binding indications of interest and conducted further due diligence. Except
for the July 12, 1999 subsequent non-binding indication from GE Capital, no
other subsequent indications of interest were received. The board of directors
instructed the company and its advisors to continue their efforts.