Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Intel', 'Company', and 'Offer':
This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO ("Schedule TO") relates to the
offer by ESR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and
direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Intel"), to purchase all of the outstanding shares (the "Shares") of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Xircom, Inc., a
California corporation (the "Company"), at a purchase price of $25 per Share,
net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 29, 2001
(the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with any supplements or amendments, collectively constitute the
"Offer"), copies of which are attached as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and (a)(1)(B)
hereto, respectively. The item numbers and response thereto below are in
accordance with the requirements of Schedule TO. The Offer is being made
pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 15, 2001, by
and among Intel, Purchaser and the Company (the "Merger Agreement"), which
provides, among other things, that as promptly as practicable after the
satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver of the conditions set forth therein
(including, without limitation, the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer),
Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger"), with the
Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Intel. Upon consummation of the Merger, each issued Share that is outstanding
immediately prior to the Merger (except for Shares owned by the Company or
Intel, or any subsidiary of Intel, and Shares held by dissenting shareholders
exercising their appraisal rights under the California Corporations Code, to the
extent such rights apply) will be converted automatically into the right to
receive the amount paid per Share in the Offer, in cash, without interest, upon

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Broadview':
BROADVIEW INTERNATIONAL LLC ("BROADVIEW"), FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO THE
COMPANY, HAS DELIVERED A WRITTEN OPINION TO THE COMPANY BOARD, DATED JANUARY 14,
2001 (THE "BROADVIEW OPINION"), TO THE EFFECT THAT, AS OF JANUARY 14, 2001, THE
PROPOSED CASH CONSIDERATION TO BE RECEIVED BY THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
(OTHER THAN INTEL AND ITS AFFILIATES) PURSUANT TO THE OFFER AND THE MERGER IS
FAIR TO SUCH SHAREHOLDERS FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW. THE FULL TEXT OF THE
BROADVIEW OPINION IS ATTACHED TO THE COMPANY'S SOLICITATION/ RECOMMENDATION
STATEMENT ON SCHEDULE 14D-9 WHICH IS BEING MAILED TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
HEREWITH. SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE BROADVIEW OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN
ITS ENTIRETY FOR ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITS OF THE REVIEW
OF BROADVIEW.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'CCC':
The Offer is being made pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated January 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among the
Company, Purchaser and Intel. Among other things, the Merger Agreement provides
for the making of the Offer and that, following the purchase of Shares pursuant
to the Offer and promptly after the satisfaction or waiver of certain other
conditions, Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger").
The Company will continue as the surviving corporation and a direct wholly-owned
subsidiary of Intel after the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation"). At the
effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time"), each outstanding Share
(except for Shares owned by the Company or Intel, or by any subsidiary of the
Company or Intel and shares held by shareholders exercising their appraisal
rights under the California Corporations Code (the "CCC") (collectively, the
"Excluded Shares")) will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price,
net to the holder in cash.

The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:

CONTACTS WITH THE COMPANY; BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER

     In late October 2000, representatives of Intel decided to designate a small
internal team to investigate the feasibility of entering into a possible
transaction with the Company.

      On October 23, 2000, representatives of Intel contacted representatives of
the Company to discuss strategic opportunities to further the relationship
between the parties. A meeting was arranged for October 30.

      On October 27, 2000, representatives of Intel presented the Company with a
high-level list requesting additional information about the Company.

      On October 30, 2000, representatives of Intel met with representatives of
the Company to discuss possible strategic relationships between Intel and the
Company at the offices of the Company in Thousand Oaks, California. The
representatives of the Company presented an overview of the Company and its
products and the representatives of Intel presented an overview of Intel's
Platform Networking Group. During this meeting, the Company supplied written
responses to Intel's October 27th request. Additionally, during this meeting
Intel entered into a Confidential Information Transmittal Record with the
Company.

      During November and early December 2000, representatives of Intel held
several internal meetings to discuss various possible strategic relationships
between Intel and the Company, including the purchase of the Company's PC Card
businesses and the spin-off of the Company's wireless wide area network ("WAN")
business to the Company's management and shareholders.

      Between November 3 and November 17, 2000, representatives of Intel
telephoned representatives of the Company to discuss the Company's business and
financial position.

      On November 17, 2000, Intel representatives held an internal management
review meeting to discuss the possible transactions with the Company, including
potential deal structures and issues related to a transaction.


     Between November 22 and November 30, 2000, representatives of Intel
telephoned representatives of Broadview, the financial advisor to the Company,
and representatives of the Company to discuss possible strategic relationships
with the Company including potential transaction structures and issues related
thereto.

     On November 27, 2000, Intel representatives held an internal management
review meeting to discuss the possible acquisition of the Company's PC Card
businesses, including potential deal structures and issues related to a
transaction.

     On November 30, 2000, representatives of Intel telephoned representatives
of Broadview to discuss the Company's business and financial position.

     On December 4, 2000, representatives of Intel telephoned representatives of
Broadview to discuss possible interest in an acquisition of the Company's PC
Card businesses and possible transaction structures.

     On December 5, 2000, representatives of Intel telephoned representatives of
Broadview and indicated Intel's possible willingness to purchase the Company's
PC Card businesses pursuant to a stock-for-stock merger together with the
simultaneous spin-off of the Company's wireless WAN business to the Company's
shareholders. During this telephone call, Intel and Broadview discussed
potential transaction structures and issues related thereto.

     From December 5 through December 12, 2000, Intel representatives held a
series of internal meetings to discuss issues surrounding a possible
transaction, including potential structures and tax and accounting concerns.

     On December 6, 2000, the Board of Directors of Intel held a telephonic
meeting to discuss the proposed purchase of the Company's PC Card businesses.
Intel's management informed the Board of Directors of the status of the
preliminary review of the Company. After these discussions, the Board of
Directors authorized Intel's senior management to engage in further due
diligence, discussions and negotiations with the Company and its
representatives, with a view to determining whether a transaction on terms
acceptable to Intel could be achieved.

     On December 11, 2000, representatives of Intel provided representatives of
the Company with a detailed questionnaire relating to the Company's business and
financial condition.

     From December 11 through December 21, 2000, representatives of Intel were
at a facility near the Company's principal executive offices in California to
conduct additional due diligence and to further discuss the Company's products
and business and financial condition with the Company's management. During this
period, representatives from Intel, the Company and Broadview met regularly by
telephone and in-person to discuss ongoing diligence and terms of a potential
On December 19, 2000, representatives of Intel met with representatives of
the Company for dinner. During the dinner meeting, representatives of the
Company asked the Intel representatives whether Intel had a possible interest in
acquiring the entire Company. At this dinner, the parties agreed that it was
highly unlikely that a transaction involving the Company's PC Card businesses
could be completed prior to the holidays. As a result, representatives from
Intel, the Company and Broadview agreed to continue to provide and review
diligence materials through the holiday period and renew negotiations for a
possible transaction involving the Company's PC Card businesses immediately
after the holidays. On December 21, 2000, representatives of Broadview
reiterated the Company's willingness to entertain an offer for the acquisition
of the entire Company.

     On December 27 and 28, 2000, representatives of Intel telephoned
representatives of the Company and Broadview to further discuss the deal
structure and terms.

     The parties reengaged on January 3, 2001 and undertook additional due
diligence and the negotiation of the definitive purchase agreement. Between
January 3 and January 13, 2001, numerous meetings were held by telephone and at
offices of Intel's counsel between representatives of Intel, Intel's counsel,
the Company, the Company's counsel and Broadview to discuss due diligence,
request additional information and negotiate a definitive purchase agreement and
related agreements.

     On January 6, 2001, representatives of Broadview telephoned representatives
of Intel to discuss Intel's possible interest in the acquisition of the entire
Company pursuant to a cash or stock transaction.

     On January 8, 2001, the Intel representatives held an internal management
review to discuss the status of the negotiations relating to the proposed
purchase of the Company's PC Card businesses and possible interest in an
acquisition of the entire Company. Based on the review, additional diligence and
analysis of a potential acquisition of the entire Company was recommended.

     On January 8 and January 10, 2001, representatives from Intel telephoned
representatives from Broadview to discuss the Company's financial outlook,
ongoing negotiations, structural and diligence issues, and a price range for the
purchase of the PC Card businesses.

     On January 11, 2001, the Intel representatives held an internal management
review to discuss the latest diligence findings and Intel's possible interest in
an acquisition of the entire Company. Based on Intel's review of the entire
Company and potential employee and integration issues related to the purchase of
the PC Card businesses alone, it was recommended that an acquisition of the PC
Card businesses not be pursued and, instead, an acquisition of the entire
Company be pursued.

     Also, on January 11, 2001, representatives of Intel met with
representatives of Broadview at the offices of Intel's counsel to discuss a
possible acquisition of the entire Company by Intel, including price, form of
consideration and transaction structure.

     On January 12, 2001, representatives of Intel and representatives of the
Company agreed to proceed with definitive agreements for a cash tender offer for
the entire Company at a $25 per share price, subject to the final approval of
the Company Board.

     Between January 12 and the morning of January 15, 2001, representatives
from Intel met and telephoned the representatives of Broadview and the Company
several times daily to discuss ongoing diligence issues and negotiate terms and
conditions for a possible acquisition of the entire Company.

     On January 14, 2001, Intel held an internal management briefing to review
the final status of diligence, update final terms and structure of the
transaction and complete employee and press communications relating to the
possible transaction.

     During the early morning of January 15, 2001, representatives of Intel and
the Company executed and delivered the Merger Agreement, the Stock Option
Agreement and the Voting Agreement.

     On the morning of January 15, 2001, the Company and Intel issued a joint
press release announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement. A copy of the
press release is filed with the Commission as an exhibit to Intel's and
Purchaser's Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO.

12. PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The purpose of the Offer is for Intel to acquire, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, the entire equity interest in the Company. The purpose of the Merger
is for Intel to acquire all of the equity interest in the Company not acquired
pursuant to the Offer. Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company will become
a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel. The acquisition of the entire equity
interest in the Company has been structured as a cash tender offer followed by a
cash merger in order to provide a prompt transfer of ownership of the equity
interest in the Company from the Company's shareholders to Intel and to provide
the Company's shareholders with cash for all of their Shares.
Under the CCC, the approval of the Company Board and, under certain
circumstances, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding Shares present at a duly constituted meeting are required to approve
and adopt the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. If a
vote of the shareholders is required, the Company has agreed pursuant to the
Merger Agreement to take all actions necessary to convene and hold a meeting of
its shareholders (the "Shareholders' Meeting"), as promptly as practicable after
the acceptance for payment of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, to consider
and vote upon the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, if such action is required under the CCC. A
proxy statement containing detailed information concerning the Merger will be
furnished to shareholders of the Company in connection with any Shareholders'
Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following consummation of the Offer,
Intel, Purchaser and/or any other subsidiary of Intel owns at least ninety
percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares, the parties will take all necessary and
appropriate actions to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as
practicable after the Expiration Date without a Shareholders' Meeting in
accordance with the CCC and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(the "DGCL").

     At a meeting duly called and held on January 14, 2001, the Company Board
(1) after evaluating the Merger, determined that the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, taken
together, are at a price and on terms that are fair and in the best interests of
the

Company and its shareholders; (2) approved the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, in all
respects; and (3) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company
accept the Offer, tender their Shares thereunder to Purchaser and approve and
adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger. As described above, the only
remaining corporate action of the Company that may be required is the approval
and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby
by the holders of a majority of the Shares. If the Minimum Condition is
satisfied, Intel will have sufficient voting power to cause the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby
without the affirmative vote of any other shareholder of the Company. Under the
Merger Agreement, Intel has agreed to vote, or cause to be voted, at any such
meeting all Shares owned by it, Purchaser or any other subsidiary of Intel in
favor of the Merger. If Intel acquires at least ninety percent (90%) of the
Shares in the Offer, under the CCC and the DGCL, it will be able to consummate
the Merger without a vote of the Company's shareholders.
Furthermore, the Stock Option Agreement permits Intel to purchase up to
5,954,325 Shares (or such other number of Shares as equals 19.9% of the issued
and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at the time of exercise of the
option) at an exercise price of $25 per share under certain specified
circumstances. Among other circumstances permitting Intel to exercise its
option, Intel may exercise its option to the extent necessary so that the number
of shares to be acquired pursuant to the option plus the number of tendered
Shares will, upon issuance of the option shares, equal at least ninety percent
(90%) of the issued and outstanding Shares of the Company. The purchase of
Shares pursuant to its option may, under certain circumstances, allow Intel to
increase its ownership of Shares above 90% in order to consummate the Merger
without a vote of the shareholders of the Company. The option is also
exercisable upon a termination of the Merger Agreement in a manner obligating
the Company to pay Intel $24 million as liquidated damages. See -- 13. The
Merger Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement and the Tender and Voting
Agreement" for more detailed information.

13. THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT AND THE TENDER AND VOTING
AGREEMENT

  The Merger Agreement

     The following is only a summary of certain provisions of the Merger
Agreement. Company shareholders should read the Merger Agreement in its
entirety. A copy of the Merger Agreement is filed with the Commission as an
exhibit to Intel's and Purchaser's Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO.


     The Offer.  The Merger Agreement provides for the making of the Offer.
Pursuant to the Offer, each tendering shareholder will receive the Offer Price
for each Share tendered in the Offer. Purchaser's obligation to accept for
payment or pay for Shares is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions that
are described in the section entitled -- 18. Certain Conditions of the Offer,"
including the Minimum Condition. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser
expressly reserves the right to waive any of the conditions to the Offer (except
as otherwise provided in the Merger Agreement), and to make any change in the
terms or conditions of the Offer; provided that, without the written consent of
the Company, Purchaser may not (1) decrease the Offer Price, (2) change the form
of consideration payable in the Offer, (3) reduce the maximum number of Shares
to be purchased in the Offer, (4) impose conditions to the Offer in addition to
those set forth on Annex A to the Merger Agreement and described in "-- 18.
Certain Conditions of the Offer" below, (5) amend the conditions to the Offer
set forth in Annex A to the Merger Agreement and described in "-- 18. Certain
Conditions of the Offer" below to broaden their scope, (6) amend any other term
of the Offer in a manner adverse to the holders of the Shares, (7) extend the
Offer except as permitted by the terms of the Merger Agreement or (8) amend or
waive the Minimum Condition.