Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Company' and 'Parent':
This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO is filed by Church & Dwight
Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), and US Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Purchaser"). This
statement relates to the tender offer (the "Offer") by Purchaser to purchase all
of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 (the "Shares"), of
USA Detergents, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a price of
$7.00 per Share net to the seller in cash, less any required withholding of
taxes and without the payment of any interest, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated April 12, 2001 (the "Offer
to Purchase") and in the related Letter of Transmittal (the "Letter of
Transmittal," which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as each may be amended
or supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the "Offer"), copies
of which are attached hereto as Exhibits (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii), respectively.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Company Board':
THIS OFFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER,
DATED AS OF MARCH 30, 2001 AND AMENDED AS OF APRIL 10, 2001 (THE "MERGER
AGREEMENT"), AMONG CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC. ("PARENT"), US ACQUISITION CORP.
("PURCHASER") AND USA DETERGENTS, INC. (THE "COMPANY"). THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
OF THE COMPANY (THE "COMPANY BOARD") HAS UNANIMOUSLY DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER
AGREEMENT, THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE
STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (OTHER THAN PARENT OR PURCHASER); APPROVED THE
MERGER AGREEMENT, THE OFFER, THE MERGER (EACH AS DEFINED HEREIN) AND THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY; AND RECOMMENDED THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER, TENDER THEIR SHARES (AS DEFINED HEREIN) AND, IF
APPLICABLE, APPROVE AND ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER.

The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between USA Detergents Inc & Church & Dwight Co Inc:

1. BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER.

     In the Spring of 1999, Uri Evan, the Company's chief executive officer,
began discussing with the Company Board ways to improve the Company's operating
efficiencies. Mr. Evan was particularly concerned that the Company was not
maximizing its manufacturing facilities and that it had excess capacity within
such facilities. He believed that this, among other matters, was negatively
affecting the value of the Company's stock and that the Company Board should
continue to review and, if appropriate, pursue strategic alternatives to improve
the Company's stock performance. The Company Board discussed various options
including leasing space within its manufacturing facilities, selling such
facilities, selling the Company, merging with a strategic partner or forming a
joint venture in order to maximize the value of its stock.

     Fuad Sawaya, then a Managing Director in the Investment Banking division of
PaineWebber Incorporated, was asked by Mr. Evan to represent the Company in
discussions involving a potential business combination or strategic investment
with any of several other companies, including Parent. Mr. Evan believed that
Parent would be a suitable partner due to, among other matters, its market
presence and complementary product line.
Discussions with Parent commenced late in the Spring of 1999 and continued
through the early fall of that same year. Mr. Sawaya also approached several
other companies regarding the possibility of a transaction with the Company
during this time. The discussions with Parent involved a potential acquisition
of the Company by Parent. The negotiations ended in October 1999 as Parent was
unwilling to undertake certain risks involving the Company. None of the other
parties contacted showed an interest in pursuing a transaction with the Company.

     In early 2000, Mr. Evan met with representatives of Parent to discuss the
possibility of a joint venture between the parties to combine certain aspects of
their respective laundry detergent businesses. In particular, the parties
discussed forming a joint venture whereby each company would produce their
liquid and light powder laundry detergents at the Company's manufacturing
facilities while leveraging their existing distribution channels.
On April 4, 2000, the Company Board met to discuss the status of Mr. Evan's
negotiations with Parent and authorized him to continue negotiations. In
addition, the Company Board adopted a resolution to retain Corporate Capital
Consultants, Inc. to assist the Company by providing certain services in
connection with any proposed transaction including rendering a fairness opinion.
Further, the Company Board authorized a special committee consisting of
non-employee directors including Christopher D. Illick and Richard A. Mandell
(the "Special Committee") to consider and authorize any proposed transaction
with Parent. The Special Committee was authorized to engage independent counsel
to assist in its review of any proposed transaction. In consideration of the
significant time and effort required with respect to their services as members
of the Special Committee, the Company Board agreed to pay each member of the
Special Committee $30,000 and granted each member fully-exercisable options to
purchase up to 30,000 Shares at the exercise price of $3.16, representing the
last sale price on The Nasdaq National Market System on that date.

     Throughout April and May 2000, and until the execution of the agreements on
June 14, 2000, the parties and their respective counsel and financial advisors
negotiated the terms of the joint venture. The parties also negotiated a stock
purchase agreement whereby Parent would (i) purchase an aggregate of
approximately $10 million of shares of the Company's common stock from the
Company and one of its then directors, who was also a significant stockholder,
at a price of $7.00 per share and (ii) agree to the terms of a limited
standstill agreement. In addition, management from both companies met throughout
this period to review and analyze, among other matters, their respective
technologies, operating systems and other due diligence matters, as well as the
integration and synergies of combining each company's laundry detergent
business.
At various times from its formation until June 14, 2000, the Special
Committee met with counsel to the Special Committee, Willkie, Farr & Gallagher,
to review and discuss the proposed transaction. Meetings were also held with Mr.
Evan and other executive officers of the Company and Sheldon G. Nussbaum, Esq.,
of Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P., counsel to the Company ("Fulbright"), to discuss
certain matters related to the proposed joint venture and stock sale, including
the history of the Company's efforts to pursue various strategic alternatives
and the negotiations with Parent, the price to be paid for the Company's common
stock, the profit sharing and cost structure of the proposed joint venture and
various other terms of the proposed joint venture.

     The Special Committee continued to review and comment on the revised terms
of the proposed transaction, including the terms of a buy-out formula and of a
standstill agreement and related matters. A revised financial analysis was
prepared regarding the fairness of the proposed transaction to the Company's
stockholders from a financial point of view.

     At a meeting of the Special Committee held on June 14, 2000, Corporate
Capital Consultants, Inc. delivered its opinion that the proposed transaction
was fair to the Company's stockholders from a financial point of view. Upon
reviewing the final terms, resolutions and fairness opinion, the Special
Committee unanimously voted in favor of the joint venture and the related stock
purchase and standstill agreements.
On June 14, 2000, the Company Board ratified the Special Committee's
approval of (i) a limited liability company operating agreement of the joint
venture, named Armus, LLC ("Armus"), (ii) a Stock Purchase Agreement for the
sale of 1,438,602 Shares at a price of $7.00 per Share, constituting an
approximately ten percent (10%) interest in the Company (inclusive of Shares to
be sold by Frederick R. Adler), to Parent and (iii) a Registration Rights
Agreement. In addition, under the terms of the joint venture, Parent was given
an option to purchase all of the Company's interests and assets used in the
joint venture for an amount to be determined through an agreed-upon formula. The
option could be exercised at the earlier of either January 1, 2006 or the
Company's termination of the joint venture on or after January 1, 2007. The
Company was also given an option exercisable at any time after January 1, 2011,
to require Parent to purchase the Company's ownership interests and assets used
in the joint venture based on the same formula. In addition, Parent entered into
a Put and Call Agreement with Mr. Adler whereby, under certain circumstances,
Parent could purchase, and Mr. Adler could cause Parent to purchase, additional
Shares held by Mr. Adler.

     The operating agreement of Armus (the "Operating Agreement") provides for,
among other matters, the contribution by the Company and Parent of (i) a license
to the joint venture of certain of their respective technologies and
intellectual property, (ii) their finished good inventories and (iii) cash
contributions. In addition, the Operating Agreement created a governing board to
manage operations. Three members were appointed by Parent and two by the
Company. Under the Operating Agreement, Parent agreed to manufacture heavy
powder laundry detergents and the Company agreed to manufacture liquid and light
powder laundry detergents in addition to liquid fabric softener products. The
parties also agreed to certain manufacturing, packaging and labeling
specifications.
The parties then began planning consolidation of their sales organizations
and Armus became operational on January 1, 2001. In January 2001, Parent assumed
responsibility for Armus' accounting and billing services and began to shift
production of certain brands to the Company's manufacturing plants in New Jersey
and Missouri. In addition, the parties began preparations to close Parent's
manufacturing plant in Syracuse, New York and consolidate distribution through
the Company's New Jersey and Missouri plants and Parent's plants in Wyoming and
Ohio. Additionally during this time, Armus began launching new products to the
market.

     In early 2001, Mr. Evan met with the Company's financial advisor, Mr.
Sawaya, who had by then founded a financial advisory firm, Sawaya & Company, LLC
("Sawaya & Co."), to discuss additional options to maximize stockholder value in
the Company. Due to, among other matters, the structure of the Armus joint
venture, the integration of a number of functions of the Company's operations
with those of Parent and the significant ownership in the Company by Parent, it
was concluded that Parent would likely be the party able to offer the highest
value for the Shares. An initial discussion occurred in early January 2001
between Mr. Evan and Robert A. Davies and Zvi Eiref, the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Parent, regarding the potential
for an acquisition of the Company by Parent. The senior executives from Parent
expressed an interest in purchasing the Company's interests and assets used in
Armus, but indicated they would not be interested in acquiring the Company as a
whole.
On January 16, 2001, the Company Board, together with Messrs. Sawaya and
Nussbaum, met and discussed various possibilities available to the Company to
maximize stockholder value. The Company retained the services of Sawaya & Co. to
provide the Company with financial advice with respect to the possibility of a
sale of the Company or a majority of its assets to Parent and authorized Mr.
Sawaya to continue discussions with Parent in this regard within certain
parameters outlined by the Company Board.

     On January 17, 2001, Mr. Sawaya met with Messrs. Davies and Eiref and made
a presentation involving the Company. In his presentation, Mr. Sawaya
highlighted the difficulty the Company would have in entertaining an offer only
for the Armus joint venture. Specifically, the Company would have to incur a
significant tax liability, which would result in an unattractive value to the
stockholders. Furthermore, the
remaining businesses would not provide for a viable public company platform due
to, among other factors, the significant residual overhead that would be
allocated to such businesses resulting in a company with relatively low and
historically decreasing sales and pretax losses exceeding $5 million before any
overhead reductions. Mr. Sawaya's presentation also suggested that the Company
Board would not entertain an offer below $7.00 due to (i) the Company's view of
the intrinsic value of the Armus joint venture, and (ii) the fact that Parent
had agreed to purchase up to fifteen percent (15%) of the outstanding Shares at
a price of $7.00 per Share in the recent past. Messrs. Davies and Eiref
reiterated their preference in buying the Company's interests and assets used in
Armus, but indicated a willingness to investigate further a potential
acquisition of the Company so long as a buyer could be found for the Company's
business lines not related to the joint venture. Messrs. Davies and Eiref
indicated that their preliminary views of value for the Company would be
approximately $100 million, which would represent a price per share of
approximately $5.00, after taking into account the Company's indebtedness and
estimated transaction expenses.

     Following this meeting, Mr. Evan indicated a possible interest, depending
on the terms to be negotiated and available financing, in purchasing the assets
of the non-Armus businesses from Parent as part of a transaction involving an
acquisition of all of the outstanding Shares. During the week following the
meeting with Parent, Mr. Evan outlined potential terms of an acquisition of the
non-Armus businesses.
On January 25, 2001, Messrs. Evan and Sawaya met with Mr. Eiref to discuss
the status of the potential transaction between the Company and Parent. In this
meeting, Mr. Eiref continued to express (i) concern regarding the price per
Share expected by the Company, in light of, among other matters, the operating
results and level of indebtedness of the Company and (ii) the need to condition
a potential transaction for all of the Shares on the subsequent divestiture of
the non-Armus assets. Initial terms of a potential acquisition of the non-Armus
assets were discussed during this meeting. Several subsequent meetings occurred
between various of the Company's and Parent's executive officers and financial
advisors with regard to a possible transaction between the two companies.

     Mr. Evan also met informally with various members of the Company Board
regarding the negotiations with Parent, including his possible involvement in
the purchase of the non-Armus businesses. In addition, the members of the
Company Board, along with Mr. Evan, spoke on various occasions with the
Company's counsel and financial advisor.

     On January 29, 2001, the Company Board (including Mr. Evan), with Theodore
B. Baum absent, met with Mr. Sawaya and Fulbright to discuss the Company's
negotiations with Parent to date. The Company Board discussed various
alternatives available to the Company, including the possible transaction with
Parent, possible alternative transactions with Parent or others, and the
continuation of the Company and the joint venture arrangement as then in
existence. The Company Board also reviewed various aspects of the financial
condition and prospects of the non-Armus assets, and expressed significant
concern about Parent's ability to find a prospective purchaser for these assets
and, if found, the ability of a purchaser to finance the purchase. After such
discussion the Company Board authorized Mr. Evan to continue his negotiations
with Parent on behalf of the Company, provided that Parent agree (i) to a
structure and pricing which would maximize the net after tax consideration to be
paid to the Company's stockholders, and that regardless the amount of such
consideration should be no less than $7.00 per share net to the stockholders,
and (ii) that the disposition of any Company assets not connected with the
Company's laundry care business not be in any way a condition or other
contingency with respect to the Merger Agreement. After the January 29, 2001
meeting of the Company Board, members of the Company Board periodically met and
had telephone conversations with Mr. Evan and Fulbright to discuss the status of
negotiations with Parent.
Following this meeting, various meetings and discussions continued to occur
between Mr. Evan and representatives of Parent, as well as between financial
advisors of the Company and financial advisors to and senior officers of Parent.

     On February 7, 2001, upon the exercise of the put right granted to Mr.
Adler, Parent purchased an additional 704,255 Shares from Mr. Adler at a price
of $7.00 per Share, increasing Parent's ownership interest to approximately
fifteen percent (15%). On February 20, 2001, Parent filed a Schedule 13D
reporting its increased stock position in the Company and the fact that
discussions were ongoing between the Company and Parent for the possible
purchase of the Company.

     On February 14, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel to Parent,
circulated a draft Merger Agreement to the Company and its counsel. In addition,
Fulbright began assembling due diligence material regarding the Company for
review by Parent. During the period between February 14, 2001 and March 29,
2001, the Company and Parent negotiated the terms of the Merger Agreement and
the Company's related disclosure schedules. Additionally during this period,
representatives of Parent conducted their due diligence review of the Company.

     On February 16, 2001, Messrs. Baum, Evan and Mandell, being a majority of
the Company Board, together with Mr. Nussbaum of Fulbright, interviewed
financial advisors to assist the Company Board in reviewing the proposed
transaction. The Company Board retained PwCS to analyze and render an opinion as
to the fairness from a financial point of view of the consideration to be paid
to the Company's stockholders under the Merger Agreement.
The Company Board met again on March 2, 2001 to review with Messrs. Evan
and Sawaya and Fulbright the status of negotiations regarding the transaction
with Parent, as well as to review the preliminary financial analysis of PwCS.
Messrs. Evan and Sawaya presented the Company Board with a status update on
discussions with Parent. Mr. Nussbaum outlined for the Company Board some of the
issues that were still outstanding with respect to finalizing the Merger
Agreement. Additionally, Mr. Nussbaum reported to the Company Board that Parent
was continuing its due diligence review of the Company, and on various items
about which Parent required additional information. Mr. Nussbaum also reviewed
with the Company Board the mechanics of how the Merger would be finalized and
the Offer process. After a full discussion of these matters, PwCS was invited to
join the meeting and review its preliminary financial analysis of the proposed
transaction.