The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between DTM Corp & 3D Systems Corp:
11. BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; PAST CONTACTS, TRANSACTIONS OR NEGOTIATIONS WITH
DTM.

     In November 1999, Mr. G. Walter Loewenbaum II, our Chairman, and Mr.
Anthony Mariotti, a director of DTM, had a lunch meeting and discussed on a
preliminary basis, the possibility of 3D Systems and DTM entering into a
transaction. Following this meeting, Mr. Brian Service, our Chief Executive
Officer and President, had preliminary telephonic conversations with Mr.
Mariotti to further discuss the possibility of entering into a transaction. To
facilitate these discussions, on January 25, 2000, the parties entered into a
confidentiality agreement. On February 9, 2000, Mr. Service, Mr. Loewenbaum, Mr.
Charles Hull, our Chief Technology Officer and Mr. A. Sidney Alpert, our then
general counsel, held a preliminary meeting in Austin, Texas with John S.
Murchison, III, DTM's Chief Executive Officer and President, Geoffrey W.
Kreiger, DTM's Chief Financial Officer, Kevin McAlea, DTM's Vice President of
Marketing and Business Development and Mr. Mariotti, to discuss their mutual
interest in a potential business combination.

     On February 16, 2000, we held a regular board meeting at our principal
corporate offices in Valencia, California. During this meeting, Mr. Service, as
part of his regular strategic overview, provided the Board with information
concerning these preliminary discussions. No formal action relating to any
business combination was taken by the Board at this time.

     Throughout February and March 2000, informal discussions continued between
our representatives and those of DTM. During this period, we met with A.G.
Edwards & Sons, Inc. and discussed a possible combination with DTM. In addition,
3D Systems and DTM exchanged certain limited valuation analyses following which
we orally communicated a preliminary proposal to Mr. Mariotti to acquire all of
the outstanding securities of DTM. Mr. Mariotti informed us that DTM did not
accept our proposal. On May 2, 2000, we held a regular board meeting at which
Mr. Service updated the board of directors with respect to discussions with DTM
and informed the board of directors that in light of the differences in
valuation analyses and due to other business developments, discussions with DTM
had ceased.

     On May 10, 2000, we engaged A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. to provide certain
financial advisory services in the event that we determined to pursue a business
combination. Thereafter, from time to time, A.G. Edwards advised us with respect
to possible acquisition candidates, including DTM.

     On February 22, 2001, Mr. Loewenbaum met with Mr. Mariotti in Austin, Texas
to again discuss potential strategic opportunities of a business combination of
the companies in light of certain changes in the business climate and DTM's
recent strong earnings performance and litigation proceedings between DTM and
EOS GmbH. At that time, EOS was threatening to cause us to become a party to
this litigation because EOS's lawsuit against DTM alleges that DTM has infringed
and continues to infringe certain U.S. patents licensed to EOS by us. On
February 23, 2001, Messrs. Loewenbaum, Service and

Mariotti met in Austin, Texas and continued discussions regarding a possible
combination. During these meetings, the parties discussed the current operations
of DTM, the structure of a proposed transaction and the potential synergies of a
combination.

     On February 28, 2001, we held a regular board meeting during which Mr.
Service summarized the discussions conducted with DTM and the structure of a
proposed acquisition. The Board authorized management to present a non-binding
offer letter to DTM to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock of
DTM for $5.25 per share by means of a cash tender offer followed by a merger of
DTM and a newly-formed subsidiary. That same day, we submitted to DTM a
non-binding offer letter to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common
stock of DTM for $5.25 per share, subject to, among other conditions,
satisfactory conclusion of due diligence, a 30-day exclusivity period and an
agreement from certain key shareholders to tender their shares and support the
proposed transaction.
On March 12, 2001, Hoak Breedlove Wesneski & Co., DTM's financial advisor,
contacted A.G. Edwards and indicated that the special committee had reviewed our
non-binding offer letter dated February 28, 2001 and also had received and was
considering a proposal from another potential acquiror. Hoak Breedlove indicated
the special committee would not grant us a period of exclusivity based on our
proposed offer letter.

     On March 13, 2001, we submitted a letter to the special committee
indicating that we were unwilling to commit the substantial time and resources
necessary to launch our due diligence investigation in the presence of the
competing offer. We reiterated our earlier proposal as set forth in the February
28, 2001 offer letter including the period of exclusivity.

     On March 13 and 14, 2001, discussions continued between the parties
regarding the valuation of DTM, the exclusivity period and the proposed
transaction. On March 14, 2001, Hoak Breedlove contacted A.G. Edwards and
indicated that the special committee had received our March 13, 2001 letter but
believed the proposed price was not sufficient to grant us a period of
exclusivity in which to conduct our due diligence. In a separate conversation on
March 14, 2001, Hoak Breedlove indicated to A.G. Edwards that the special
committee believed that the price per share should be increased and that the
exclusivity period should be reduced from 30 days to not more than two weeks.
Separately, on March 14, 2001, Mr. Mariotti contacted Mr. Service directly and
discussed the special committee's response to our proposal, specifically that
the offer price should be increased and that the special committee would agree
to a maximum two-week period of exclusivity. Mr. Service inquired as to whether
a price range of $5.50-6.00 would be sufficient and Mr. Mariotti expressed his
belief that such a price range would be adequate to justify granting us a
two-week exclusivity period, but that any decision would be made by the special
committee.
On March 15, 2001, we submitted another non-binding offer letter to acquire
DTM for a price in the range of $5.50-$6.00 per share, subject to, among other
things, satisfactory completion of due diligence and a two-week period of
exclusivity. Later that day, Hoak Breedlove contacted A.G. Edwards and indicated
that the special committee had agreed to grant us a two-week period of
exclusivity based on our March 15, 2001 non-binding offer letter.

     During the next several days, our representatives negotiated the terms of
the exclusivity agreement and a confidentiality agreement with DTM, and on March
17, 2001, the parties executed and delivered the exclusivity agreement and the
confidentiality agreement.

     Beginning on March 16, 2001, representatives of A.G. Edwards held
discussions with certain potential lending sources relating to the financing
necessary to fund the contemplated transactions.

     On March 18 and 19, 2001, our principals together with representatives of
A.G. Edwards and Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer and Feld, L.L.P., our outside
counsel, commenced preliminary business and legal due diligence. Additional due
diligence was conducted in meetings with DTM management on March 20-22, 2001 in
Austin, Texas by certain of our officers, together with representatives of A.G.
Edwards, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer and Feld, L.L.P., and Deloitte and Touche, our
independent

public accountants, concerning the business, financial, accounting, legal
intellectual property rights and other affairs of DTM. The parties continued
these due diligence activities during the following week.

     On March 26 and 27, 2001, certain members of our management together with
representatives of A.G. Edwards made presentations to potential lenders.
Beginning the week of March 26, we received several written proposals from
potential lending sources.

     On March 27, 2001, our board of directors held a telephonic meeting to
discuss the proposed business combination, which included a presentation from
our management regarding the status of due diligence and negotiations. During
that meeting, A.G. Edwards presented its financial analysis with regard to the
proposed transaction. On that same day, we submitted to the special committee a
non-binding offer letter to acquire DTM for $5.75 per share. On March 28, 2001,
our outside counsel provided to the parties a preliminary draft of the merger
agreement.

     On March 28, 2001, Hoak Breedlove contacted A.G. Edwards on behalf of the
special committee to propose a purchase price of $6.00 per share. Hoak Breedlove
also discussed certain of the other terms in the draft merger agreement.

     Between March 28, 2001 and April 2, 2001 there were various meetings and
telephonic conferences between our principals and representatives of A.G.
Edwards and our outside counsel, on the one hand, and principles of DTM, Hoak
Breedlove and DTM's outside counsel, on the other, to negotiate provisions of
the merger agreement and the tender and voting agreements, and additional due
diligence was conducted by our outside counsel. On April 1, 2001, Messrs.
Loewenbaum and Mariotti together with their respective representatives met to
negotiate certain remaining terms in the merger agreement including, among other
things, the purchase price and receipt by us of financing adequate to fund the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Following these discussions,
the parties agreed to recommend to their respective boards of directors a
purchase price of $5.80 per share.
In the morning of April 2, 2001, our board of directors held a special
meeting by telephonic conference to discuss the merger agreement and the
proposed transaction. The board of directors received and participated in a
presentation by A.G. Edwards with respect to the financial terms of the proposed
transaction. At the conclusion of its presentation, a representative of A.G.
Edwards delivered the oral opinion of A.G. Edwards to the board of directors
that, as of such date, an offer price of $5.80 per share of DTM common stock was
fair from a financial point of view to our stockholders. A.G. Edwards
subsequently confirmed its oral opinion by letter dated April 2, 2001. Our
outside counsel summarized the material terms of the merger agreement and
discussed the results of the due diligence investigation. Mr. Service presented
to the Board details regarding DTM and recent discussions with the principals of
DTM. At the conclusion of the meeting, the board of directors approved and
authorized the execution of the merger agreement, the tender and voting
agreements and the commencement of the offer consistent with the terms of the
merger agreement.

     Later on April 2, 2001, DTM informed us that its board of directors had
approved the execution of the merger agreement, the tender and voting agreements
and the completion of the transactions contemplated by those agreements and
declared the advisability of the merger agreement and resolved to recommend
acceptance of the offer and adoption of the merger agreement by the holders of
shares of DTM common stock.

     On April 2, 2001, the respective parties to the merger agreement and the
tender and voting agreements executed and delivered those agreements and on
April 3, 2001, we and DTM issued a joint press release announcing the signing of
the merger agreement.

     Commencing April 2, 2001 and continuing through April 23, 2001, the
potential lending sources conducted their due diligence investigation. On April
24, 2001, we received a commitment letter from U.S. Bank and during the next two
days together with our outside counsel and financial advisor negotiated certain
of its terms. On April 26, 2001, we held a special telephonic board meeting
during which Mr. Service presented the material terms of the commitment letter.
At the conclusion of the meeting, the

board of directors approved and authorized the execution of the commitment
letter. On April 27, 2001, we issued a press release announcing the execution of
the commitment letter.

     Pursuant to the merger agreement, the parties agreed to commence the tender
offer on April 30, 2001.

12. PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; PLANS FOR DTM.

     The purpose of the offer is for us to acquire the entire equity interest in
DTM. The purpose of the merger is for us to acquire all of the equity interest
in DTM not acquired pursuant to the offer. Upon consummation of the merger, DTM
will become our wholly owned subsidiary. The acquisition of the entire equity
interest in DTM has been structured as a cash tender offer followed by a cash
merger in order to provide a prompt transfer of ownership of the equity interest
in DTM from you to us and to provide you with cash for all of your shares.
Under Texas law, the approval of DTM's board of directors and, under
certain circumstances, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares present at a duly constituted meeting are required to approve
and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
agreement. Alternatively, Texas law and the articles of incorporation of DTM
permit the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the related
transactions by written consent of the holders of at least 67% of the
outstanding shares of DTM common stock. DTM has agreed to take all action
necessary to convene a meeting of its shareholders as promptly as practicable
after the consummation of the offer for the purpose of obtaining shareholder
approval of the merger (if required by applicable law to consummate the merger)
or in place of that meeting, we have agreed to cause the merger agreement to be
adopted by written consent of the shareholders of DTM. The shareholders' meeting
will be held as soon as practicable (subject to any statutory or other
restrictions) following the purchase of the shares of DTM common stock pursuant
to the offer. If a meeting of DTM shareholders is required, a proxy statement
containing detailed information concerning the merger will be furnished to
shareholders of DTM in connection with that meeting.

     If we own at least 90% of the outstanding shares of DTM common stock, we
will not need to hold the shareholders' meeting described in the previous
paragraph. Texas law provides for a "short-form" merger under which the merger
will become effective as soon as practicable after the expiration date without a
meeting of the DTM shareholders and without the written consent of the DTM
shareholders.

     At a meeting duly called and held on April 2, 2001, the DTM board of
directors:

     - after evaluating the merger, determined that each of the merger agreement
       and the tender and voting agreements is advisable and fair to, and in the
       best interests of DTM's shareholders;

     - approved the execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement
       and each of the tender and voting agreements and completion of the
       transactions contemplated by those agreements, including the offer and
       the merger; and

     - declared the advisability of the merger agreement and resolved to
       recommend the acceptance of the offer and the adoption of the merger
       agreement by DTM's shareholders.

     The only remaining corporate action of DTM that may be required is the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the agreement by the holders of a majority of the shares of DTM common stock
(or by 67% if approved by written consent of the shareholders in lieu of a
meeting). If the minimum condition is satisfied, we will have sufficient voting
power to cause the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby without the affirmative vote of any other
shareholder of DTM. We have agreed to vote all shares of DTM common stock owned
by us in favor of the merger. If we acquire at least 90% of the shares of DTM
common stock in the offer we will complete a short-form merger without the vote
or written consent of the DTM shareholders.
Rule 13e-3. The SEC has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act, which is
applicable to certain "going private" transactions and which may, under certain
circumstances, be applicable to the merger. We believe, however, that Rule 13e-3
will not be applicable to the merger if the merger is consummated within one
year after the termination of the offer at the same per share price as paid in
the offer. If applicable, Rule 13e-3 requires, among other things, that certain
financial information concerning DTM and certain information relating to the
fairness of the merger and the consideration offered to minority shareholders in
the merger be filed with the SEC and disclosed to shareholders prior to
consummation of the merger.

     Plans for DTM. If we purchase DTM common stock pursuant to the offer, the
merger agreement provides that we will be entitled to designate representatives
to serve on DTM's board of directors in proportion to our ownership of DTM
common stock following that purchase; provided, however, that until the
effective time of the merger, there must be at least two directors who are
directors of DTM on April 2, 2001 and not officers of DTM or our affiliates.
Promptly upon the consummation of the offer, we currently intend to seek maximum
representation on DTM's board of directors as permitted by the merger agreement.
We expect that our representation on DTM's board of directors would permit us to
exert substantial influence over DTM's conduct of its business and operations.
As a result of the merger, our directors and officers immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger will become the directors and officers,
respectively, of DTM, as the surviving corporation. See Section 13 -- "The
Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreements, the Confidentiality
Agreement and the Exclusivity Agreement" for more detailed information.
Following the consummation of the offer, we intend to cause the DTM common
stock to cease to be authorized or to be quoted in an automated quotation system
operated by a national securities association and to terminate the registration
of the DTM common stock pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act. We
expect that initially following the merger, the business and operations of DTM
will be continued substantially as they are currently being conducted. We will
continue to evaluate the business and operations of DTM during the pendency of
the offer and, after the consummation of the offer and the merger, we will take
those actions as we deem appropriate under the circumstances then existing. We
intend to seek additional information about DTM during this period. Thereafter,
we intend to review this information as part of a comprehensive review of DTM's
business, assets, operations, capitalization, dividend policy, management and
personnel, with a view to optimizing development of DTM's potential in
conjunction with our current and future business.

     Except as described above or elsewhere in this document, we have no present
plans or proposals that would relate to or result in the following:

     - an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization
       or liquidation, involving DTM or any of its subsidiaries (other than
       possible intercompany transactions among DTM, its subsidiaries and us);

     - a purchase, sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of DTM or any
       of its subsidiaries;

     - any change in the present board of directors or management of DTM;

     - any material change in the present dividend rate or policy, or
       indebtedness or capitalization of DTM;

     - any other material change in DTM's business or corporate structure;

     - any action similar to any of those enumerated above.

13. THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENTS, THE CONFIDENTIALITY
    AGREEMENT AND THE EXCLUSIVITY AGREEMENT.