The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Exigent International Inc & Harris Corp:
11. BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; PAST CONTACTS, TRANSACTIONS, NEGOTIATIONS AND
AGREEMENTS WITH THE COMPANY.

     Past Transactions between Harris and the Company. Certain of Harris'
operations are conducted in the same industry segment as those of the Company.
In addition, the principal executive offices of each of Harris and the Company
are located in Melbourne, Florida, and certain of the Company's executives had
previously held executive positions with Harris. Accordingly, Harris has
generally been aware of the Company and its business activities for some time.

     On February 2, 2000, Exigent Software Technology, Inc., a Florida
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
services subcontract with Harris. The nature of this work is classified. On
August 4, 2000, Exigent Digital Telecom & Wireless Networks, Inc., a Delaware
subcontract with Harris whereby it agreed to provide JTRS integration support
and XML definition.

     Background of the Offer. In November 2000, the Company announced that its
Board of Directors had authorized the Company's management to explore strategic
alternatives, including the possible sale of all or a part of the Company's
assets, and that the Company had retained CIBC World Markets as its financial
advisor to assist the Company in these efforts.

     During November 2000, Harris was contacted to solicit Harris' interest in a
possible transaction with the Company. Harris was requested to submit a
preliminary indication of interest during the month of January 2001.

     In January 2001, Harris submitted a preliminary indication of interest
reflecting a total equity valuation for the Company of $16 million in cash. This
proposal was based solely on Harris' review of publicly available information.
As of January 26, Harris entered into a confidentiality agreement to enable
Harris access to non-public information of the Company, and Harris was provided
with a descriptive memorandum concerning the Company. The confidentiality
agreement contained customary standstill provisions with respect to acquisitions
by Harris of Company securities.

     During the week of February 5, 2001, Harris orally increased its
preliminary indication of interest to reflect a total equity valuation for the
Company of $22 million in cash.

     During February and March 2001, Harris commenced a broader due diligence of
the Company. During the week of February 26, 2001, the Company provided Harris
with access to detailed information concerning the Company at an off-site
location, and Harris attended Company management presentations regarding the
Company and its business operations.

     By letter dated March 19, 2001, Harris submitted a written bid to acquire
one hundred percent (100%) of the Company's fully-diluted capital stock for $22
million in cash.

     During negotiations conducted from March 21, 2001 through March 23, 2001,
Harris orally increased its offer to $23 million in cash.

     From March 23, 2001 until April 2, 2001, the parties, assisted by their
respective legal advisors, negotiated the terms of the definitive Merger
Agreement and discussed the open transaction terms to be negotiated.


     On April 2, 2001, the Board of Directors of Harris approved the transaction
and all further actions related thereto and authorized and approved certain
officers of Harris to negotiate and execute any documents or other instruments
required to complete the transaction.

     On April 2, 2001, the Board of Directors of the Company met and unanimously
voted to approve the Merger Agreement and the Voting and Tender Agreement.

     In the evening of April 2, 2001, the Company, Harris and the Offeror
executed the Merger Agreement, and Bernard R. Smedley, Harris and the Offeror
executed the Voting and Tender Agreement.

     On April 3, 2001, prior to the opening of financial markets, Harris and the
Company issued a joint press release announcing the transaction. On April 17,
2001, the Offeror commenced the Offer.

12. PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; PLANS FOR THE COMPANY; APPRAISAL
RIGHTS.

     The purpose of the Offer, the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the
Transactions is to enable Harris to acquire control of, and the entire equity
interest in, the Company. Through the Offer, the Offeror intends to acquire
control of, and a majority equity interest in, the Company. Following the
completion of the Offer, Harris intends to acquire any outstanding Shares not
owned by the Offeror by consummating the Merger. The Merger Agreement provides
for a merger of the Offeror with and into the Company, with the Company being
the surviving corporation.
Under the DGCL, the approval of the Company's Board of Directors and,
unless the Merger is consummated pursuant to section 253 of the DGCL as
described below, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are required to approve and
adopt the Merger Agreement. The Company's Board of Directors has adopted
unanimously the Merger Agreement and the Transactions, and, unless the Merger is
consummated pursuant to the short form merger provisions under the DGCL as
described below (in which case no action by the Company's stockholders will be
required to consummate the Merger), the only remaining required corporate action
of the Company to consummate the Merger would be the approval and adoption of
the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company. If the Minimum
Condition is satisfied and the Offeror purchases the Shares tendered pursuant to
the Offer, the Offeror will have sufficient voting power to approve and adopt
the Merger Agreement without the affirmative vote of any other stockholder of
the Company.
Short-Form Merger. Section 253 of the DGCL provides that, if a parent
corporation owns at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding shares of each
class of capital stock of a subsidiary corporation, the merger of the parent
corporation with the subsidiary corporation may be effected by having the board
of directors of the parent corporation approve and adopt a resolution or plan of
merger and by making the appropriate filings with the Delaware Secretary of
State, without any action or vote on the part of the subsidiary corporation's
stockholders. Accordingly, if the Offeror acquires, pursuant to the Offer or
otherwise, at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares and ninety
percent (90%) of the outstanding shares of the Class A Preferred Stock, the
Offeror will be able to effect the Merger without a vote of the Company's
stockholders. However, if

the Offeror does not acquire at least ninety percent (90%) of the Shares and
ninety percent (90%) of the shares of Class A Preferred Stock pursuant to the
Offer or otherwise, a longer period of time may be required to effect the
Merger, because a vote of the Company's stockholders would be required under the
DGCL.

     Appraisal Rights. Stockholders do not have appraisal rights as a result of
the Offer. However, if the Merger is consummated, holders of Shares at the
Effective Time will have certain rights pursuant to the provisions of Section
262 of the DGCL to dissent from the Merger and demand appraisal of their Shares.
Under Section 262 of the DGCL, dissenting stockholders who comply with the
applicable statutory procedures will be entitled to receive a judicial
determination of the fair value of their Shares (exclusive of any element of
value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger) and to
receive payment of such fair value in cash, together with a fair rate of
interest, if any. Any such judicial determination of the fair value of Shares
could be based upon factors other than, or in addition to, the Offer Price or
the market value of the Shares. The value so determined could be more or less
than the Offer Price.

     THE FOREGOING SUMMARY OF SECTION 262 DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE COMPLETE AND IS
QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SECTION 262. FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE
STEPS REQUIRED BY SECTION 262 OF THE DGCL FOR PERFECTING APPRAISAL RIGHTS MAY
RESULT IN THE LOSS OF SUCH RIGHTS.

     Rule 13e-3. The Commission has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act,
which is applicable to certain "going private" transactions and which may, under
certain circumstances, be applicable to the Merger or another business
combination in which the Offeror seeks to acquire the remaining Shares not held
by it following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer. The Offeror
believes, however, that Rule 13e-3 will not be applicable to the Merger if the
Merger is consummated within one (1) year after the termination of the Offer at
the Offer Price. If applicable, Rule 13e-3 requires, among other things, that
certain financial information concerning the Company and certain information
relating to the fairness of the proposed transaction and the consideration
offered to minority stockholders in such transaction be filed with the
Commission and disclosed to stockholders prior to consummation of the
transaction.

     Plans for the Company. Harris will continue to evaluate the business and
operations of the Company during the pendency of the Offer and after the
consummation of the Offer and the Merger. Harris intends to seek additional
information about the Company during this period. Thereafter, Harris intends to
review such information as part of a comprehensive review of the Company's
assets, corporate structure, capitalization, business, operations, policies,
management and personnel with a view to optimizing the Company's potential
contribution to Harris' business. After such review, Harris will determine what
actions or changes, if any, would be desirable in light of the circumstances
that then exist, including steps to integrate the operations of the Surviving
Corporation and the operations of Harris.
Except as indicated in this Offer to Purchase, Harris does not have any
current plans or proposals that relate to or would result in any of the
following: an extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or
liquidation, involving the Company or any of the Subsidiaries; a sale or
transfer of a material amount of assets of the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries; any change in the present Board of Directors or management of the
Company; any material change in the present dividend rate or policy, or
indebtedness or capitalization of the Company; or any other material change in
the Company's corporate structure or business. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
promptly after the Offeror acquires the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the
Offeror will be entitled to designate such number of directors, rounded up to
the next whole number, on the Company's Board of Directors of the Company,
subject to compliance with Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act, as is equal to the
product of the total number of directors on the Company's Board of Directors
(giving effect to the directors designated by the Offeror) multiplied by the
percentage that the number of Shares beneficially owned by the Offeror or any
affiliate of the Offeror bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding.
The Company is obligated to take promptly all actions necessary to cause the
Offeror's designees to be elected as directors of the Company. In addition,
assuming the designation of directors as aforesaid and so long as there are
holders of Shares other than Harris or any of its subsidiaries, Harris expects
that the Company's Board of Directors would not declare dividends on the Shares.

     The Offeror and Harris intend to cause the Company to make an application
for termination of registration of the Shares as soon as possible after
consummation of the Offer if the Shares are then eligible for

such termination. In such event, following the consummation of the Merger, there
will be no publicly traded Shares outstanding. See Section 7 of this Offer to
Purchase.

13. THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND CERTAIN OTHER AGREEMENTS.

     The following summary of certain provisions of the Merger Agreement and the
Voting and Tender Agreement, copies of which are filed as exhibits to the
Schedule TO referred to in Section 18 of this Offer to Purchase, is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the text of such agreements. The following summary
may not contain all of the information that is important to you. The Merger
Agreement and the Voting and Tender Agreement may be examined and copies may be
obtained from the Commission in the same manner as set forth in Section 8 of
this Offer to Purchase.

  The Merger Agreement.

     The Offer. The Merger Agreement provides that the Offeror will commence the
Offer as promptly as reasonably practicable, but in any event within fifteen
(15) days, following the date of the Merger Agreement. Upon the terms and
subject to the prior satisfaction or waiver of the Offer Conditions, including
the Minimum Condition, the Offeror will purchase all Shares validly tendered
pursuant to the Offer. For a description of the Offer Conditions, see Section 15
of this Offer to Purchase. The Merger Agreement provides that the Offeror will
not amend or waive the Minimum Condition, decrease the Offer Price, decrease the
number of Shares sought in the Offer, impose any further conditions to the Offer
or amend any condition of the Offer in a manner materially adverse to the
holders of Shares without the consent of the Company. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Merger Agreement provides that the Offeror, without the consent
of the Company, may extend the Offer (i) for one (1) or more subsequent offering
periods of up to an additional twenty (20) business days in the aggregate if at
the scheduled or extended Expiration Date any of the conditions to the Offer
have not been satisfied or waived, (ii) for any period required by any rule,
regulation, interpretation or position of the Commission or the staff of the
Commission applicable to the Offer or any period required by applicable law, and
(iii) for one (1) or more subsequent offering periods of up to an additional
twenty (20) business days in the aggregate pursuant to Rule 14d-11 under the
Exchange Act. The Merger Agreement further provides, however, that in no event
may the Offer be extended beyond the date of termination of the Merger
Agreement, and either party has the right to terminate the Merger Agreement if
the Tender Offer Acceptance Date has not occurred on or before June 1, 2001, or
if the Effective Time has not occurred on or before December 31, 2001.
The Merger. The Merger Agreement provides that as promptly as practicable
and in no event later than ninety (90) days after the consummation of the Offer
and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, in the event that the Offeror
acquires at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares and ninety
percent (90%) of the outstanding shares of Class A Preferred Stock, the Offeror
shall be merged with and into the Company in accordance with Delaware law and,
as a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Offeror shall
cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation"). In the event that the Offeror does not acquire at
least ninety percent (90%) of the Shares and ninety percent (90%) of the
outstanding shares of Class A Preferred Stock, the Company will duly call, give
notice of, convene and hold an annual or special meeting of its stockholders as
soon as practicable following the consummation of the Offer for the purpose of
considering and taking action on the Merger Agreement and the Merger.

     The respective obligations of the Offeror and Harris, on the one hand, and
the Company, on the other hand, to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction of each of the following conditions: (i) the Merger Agreement shall
have been approved by the affirmative vote of the Company's stockholders, to the
extent required by applicable law, the Company's Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market and The Chicago Stock Exchange; (ii) no
United States (federal, state or local) or foreign government, or governmental,
regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or court of
competent jurisdiction ("Governmental Authority") shall have enacted, issued,
promulgated, enforced or entered any law, order, executive order, stay, decree,
judgment, injunction or other order or statute, rule or regulation that is in
final effect and that has the effect of making the acquisition of Shares by the
Offeror or
Harris or any affiliate of either of them illegal or otherwise preventing or
prohibiting consummation of the Transactions; and (iii) the Offeror shall have
purchased all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer
sufficient to satisfy the Minimum Condition, unless any failure to purchase is a
result of a breach of the Offeror's obligation to purchase any Shares validly
tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer.

     At the Effective Time of the Merger, (i) each issued and outstanding Share
(other than Shares that are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
Shares owned by Harris, the Offeror or any other wholly owned Subsidiary of
Harris, and Shares held by stockholders exercising appraisal rights under
Delaware law) and share of Class A Preferred Stock will be converted into the
right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Offer Price paid pursuant to the
Offer, without interest, and (ii) each issued and outstanding share of the
common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Offeror will be converted into
one share of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Surviving
Corporation and shall constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of
the Surviving Corporation.