The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Dean Foods Co & Suiza Foods Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    For the last several years, management of Suiza has considered Dean to be a
logical merger partner, primarily because of Suiza's and Dean's complementary
distribution capabilities and product mix. In early 1998, Dean began to explore
various strategic and financial options aimed at increasing stockholder value.
At that time, Suiza and Dean held discussions concerning the possibility of a
business combination. In connection with those discussions, Suiza and Dean
entered into a confidentiality agreement which included a three-year standstill
provision, and conducted limited due diligence, including mutual management
presentations. Suiza and Dean terminated their negotiations in February 1998
primarily due to differences over integration and management succession issues.

    In early 2000, after Suiza acquired Southern Foods, Mr. Dean and Mr. Engles
again began to discuss a merger of the two companies. Although Suiza and Dean
identified a number of benefits to such a combination, the discussions again
stalled.

    In March 2000, Dean retained Goldman, Sachs & Co. to assist Dean in
connection with a possible transaction with Suiza or another entity, and in
consideration of various other financial alternatives available to Dean.

    By late 2000, Suiza began to view Dean as vulnerable to takeover in light of
Dean's then-current market valuation and certain management succession issues
that Suiza perceived at Dean. During the first weekend of December 2000,
Mr. Dean and Mr. Engles attended a social event hosted by Dairy Farmers of
America (DFA). During that weekend, Mr. Engles asked Mr. Dean whether Dean would
be interested in discussing a possible business combination. Mr. Dean indicated
that he had been considering various strategic alternatives for Dean, and that,
given Dean's then current outlook, the timing might be right to again consider a
business combination with Suiza. Mr. Engles and Mr. Dean agreed to meet to
explore the possibility of a transaction.

    On January 26, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting, Dean's board of
directors discussed various strategic alternatives for Dean, including the
possibility of a business combination with Suiza. Mr. Dean reviewed his recent
discussions with Mr. Engles, and Goldman Sachs discussed certain transaction
alternatives with the board. Dean's board authorized Mr. Dean to continue
discussions with Suiza.

    On January 31, 2001, Mr. Engles, Mr. Dean and another executive of Suiza met
to further discuss the possibility of a business combination. At the meeting,
Mr. Dean outlined the basic terms on which Dean's board of directors would
consider a combination with Suiza. Mr. Engles and Mr. Dean agreed to arrange a
meeting of their financial advisors to further explore the possibility of a
combination.
On February 6, 2001, Suiza's and Dean's financial advisors met to discuss
possible terms of a transaction between Suiza and Dean. At that meeting, the
advisors agreed that certain due diligence must be completed before either
company could further consider the transaction.

    Also during January and February 2001, Suiza held several discussions with
DFA, owner of approximately 33.8% of Suiza Dairy Group, concerning the
possibility of a business combination between Suiza and Dean. During Suiza's
discussions with DFA concerning the possible transaction with Dean, Suiza and
DFA agreed that it would not be feasible for Suiza to proceed with the merger
unless Suiza owned 100% of its dairy operations. Therefore, Suiza and DFA began
discussing possible scenarios pursuant to which Suiza would purchase DFA's
interest in Suiza Dairy Group.

    On February 8, 2001, at a meeting held in Dallas, executives of Suiza
advised their board of directors of Suiza's discussions with Dean. Suiza's board
of directors authorized management to continue discussions with Dean.

    On February 9, 2001, Suiza and Dean signed a confidentiality agreement which
included a two-year standstill provision. Shortly thereafter, Dean began
delivering preliminary due diligence information to Suiza. At that time, Suiza
also began considering various structuring issues related to the merger, and
began discussing with its lenders and financial advisors various financing
alternatives for the transactions with Dean and DFA. As Suiza's review of the
due diligence materials provided by Dean progressed, Suiza, with the assistance
of its financial advisors, began to form a preliminary opinion concerning the
value to Suiza of Dean's shares.
On February 13, 2001, during a special meeting of Dean's board, Dean's
management reported that forecasted earnings for Dean's third quarter and full
fiscal year would likely be below analysts' expectations. Dean's board,
management and financial advisors discussed the impact of the anticipated
earnings shortfall on a potential transaction with Suiza. The next day,
Mr. Dean called Mr. Engles to advise him that Dean would not meet projected
earnings targets for the third and fourth quarters of 2001.

    On February 21, 2001, executives of Suiza and Dean, accompanied by their
financial advisors, met to discuss Suiza's preliminary due diligence findings
and Dean's current and projected financial performance. Mr. Engles indicated to
Mr. Dean that he expected to submit an offer to acquire Dean after obtaining the
approval of Suiza's directors.

    On February 22, 2001, at a special meeting, Dean's directors were briefed by
Dean's management and financial advisors regarding the due diligence meetings
and discussions with Suiza's executives on the previous day.

    Also on February 22, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting, executives of
Suiza, together with Suiza's legal and financial advisors, discussed with
Suiza's board the status of Suiza's discussions with Dean, the results of
Suiza's preliminary due diligence investigation, and the preliminary price offer
that Suiza intended to deliver to Dean, subject to further due diligence.
Suiza's board authorized management to make the offer and to continue its due
diligence review. Suiza's legal counsel also presented an analysis of antitrust
issues relating to a combination of Suiza and Dean.

    On February 27, 2001, Suiza, through its financial advisors, delivered its
preliminary price offer to Dean, subject to further due diligence.

    On February 28, 2001, Dean's management and advisors briefed Dean's board
over the telephone on the terms and conditions of Suiza's offer to purchase
Dean.


    On March 5, 2001, at a meeting of Dean's board of directors, Dean's
management and financial advisors described the terms and conditions of Suiza's
purchase offer. Dean's outside legal advisors also reviewed the fiduciary duties
of the directors in connection with the possible sale of the company. Dean's
board also discussed potential synergies from a combination with Suiza, the
proposed timetable for the merger, expected market reaction and strategic
alternatives to the Suiza offer.

    On March 9, 2001, Dean issued a press release announcing that it would not
meet projected earnings targets for the third and fourth fiscal quarters of 2001
and that it had hired Goldman Sachs to assist it in evaluating various strategic
and financial alternatives.

    On March 12, 2001, various executives and representatives of Suiza visited
Dean to conduct further due diligence. On March 13, 2001, as part of the due
diligence process, Suiza's management and Dean's management made presentations
to each other regarding their businesses. Also that week, various executives and
representatives of Dean visited Suiza to begin a due diligence investigation
concerning Suiza's business.

    Throughout March, Suiza's discussions with DFA concerning the terms of
Suiza's buy-out of DFA's interest in Suiza Dairy Group continued. Also
throughout March, Suiza continued its discussions with various commercial
lenders regarding obtaining a commitment for financing for the proposed
transaction, met with certain rating agencies and discussed with communications
professionals Suiza's merger communications plan in the event that an agreement
should be reached between Suiza and Dean.
On March 20, 2001, Suiza delivered an initial draft of a merger agreement to

    On March 21, 2001, Suiza's board of directors held a special meeting. At
that meeting, Suiza's executives and legal and financial advisors discussed with
the board the status of Suiza's discussions with Dean, the results of Suiza's
due diligence investigation and Suiza's financial advisors' recommendations
concerning valuation. Suiza's board of directors decided on a definitive price
offer, and authorized management to deliver the definitive offer and to continue
negotiations with Dean.

    On March 22, 2001, Suiza, through its financial advisors, delivered its
definitive offer to Dean.

    On March 23, 2001, Dean's board of directors held a regularly scheduled
meeting. Dean's management and financial advisors reviewed with the board the
status of their discussions with Suiza, the proposed transaction structure,
financing issues, key contractual terms and due diligence findings as well as
expressions of interest from other parties. Dean's legal counsel also presented
an analysis of antitrust issues relating to a combination of Dean and Suiza.
Dean's board authorized management to continue discussions with Suiza with the
objective of negotiating a final agreement.

    On March 26, 2001, Mr. Dean and Mr. Engles, accompanied by their financial
advisors, met to negotiate the draft merger agreement and to discuss various
management and integration issues. Mr. Engles and Mr. Dean reached agreement on
several key points, and agreed that Mr. Engles, Mr. Dean, other Suiza and Dean
executives and their legal and financial advisors would meet in Dallas on
March 28, 2001 to finalize the merger agreement. During the meeting held on
March 28, Suiza and Dean reached an impasse concerning the consideration to be
paid by Suiza and other key issues, and the companies suspended their merger
discussions.
On March 29, 2001, Dean's board met and was briefed by Dean's management and
financial and legal advisors regarding the companies' discussions in Dallas.
Dean's advisors reviewed with the board the contractual issues that had not been
resolved, Suiza's proposed agreement with DFA for divestiture of certain Suiza
and Dean plants, DFA's proposed agreement with National Dairy Holding, LP
(National Dairy) assigning DFA's interest in those plants to National Dairy and
the effect of such agreements on a combination of Dean and Suiza. The board
authorized Dean's management and advisors to resume discussions with Suiza.

    On March 30, 2001, Mr. Dean called Mr. Engles. During that conversation,
they reached agreement on several material provisions of the merger agreement,
and agreed to continue discussions through their executives and advisors to
finalize the merger agreement. Also that day, Suiza's board of directors
convened a special meeting to discuss the proposed transaction. Suiza's
management updated Suiza's board on the status of its discussions with Dean, DFA
and Suiza's commercial lenders. Suiza's board authorized management to continue
its negotiations with Dean and agreed to meet again on April 4, 2001 to consider
approving the final transaction.

    From March 30 to April 1, 2001, Suiza's and Dean's executives and advisors
continued negotiating the merger agreement, and Suiza's executives and advisors
continued negotiating the purchase agreement with DFA and the commitment letters
for Suiza's proposed financing.

    On April 2, 2001, Mr. Dean and Mr. Engles, accompanied by certain other
executives and their advisors, met in an attempt to resolve the remaining
material terms of the merger agreement. They

reached agreement on most of the material terms and agreed to attempt to
finalize and sign the agreement on April 4.


    On April 3, 2001, Dean's board of directors met to discuss the previous
days' negotiations between Dean and Suiza. Dean's legal advisors explained the
resolution of the key contractual issues and reviewed the status of Suiza's
related agreements with DFA and DFA's proposed agreement with National Dairy.
Dean's financial advisors also discussed with the board contacts from unrelated
third parties who might have a potential interest in acquiring Dean or a portion
of Dean's assets.

    On April 4, 2001, the merger agreement negotiations were completed. Also on
that day, Suiza's agreement with DFA was finalized and Suiza reached agreement
with its lenders concerning the terms of their financing commitments.

    Also on April 4, 2001, Dean's board of directors met to consider the
proposed merger with Suiza, and approved the merger and the merger agreement.
See "--Dean's Reasons for the Merger" below for a discussion of matters
considered and actions taken at this meeting.

    Also on April 4, 2001, Suiza's board of directors met to consider the
proposed merger with Dean and the proposed transaction with DFA, and approved
both transactions. See "--Suiza's Reasons for the Merger" on page 37 for a
discussion of matters considered and actions taken at this meeting.

    On the evening of April 4, 2001, Suiza received the signed commitments of
its commercial lenders to provide financing for the proposed transactions. Suiza
and Dean then signed the merger agreement and exchanged signature pages. Suiza
also signed the purchase agreement with DFA and the parties exchanged signature
pages.

    On the morning of April 5, 2001, Suiza and Dean issued a joint press release
announcing the proposed merger.

DEAN'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    Dean's board of directors approved the merger agreement and the merger by a
unanimous vote of all members. In the course of reaching its decision to approve
the merger agreement and the merger, Dean's board of directors consulted with
Dean's management, as well as its outside legal counsel and its financial
advisor. At its meeting on April 4, 2001, Dean's board of directors unanimously:

    - Determined that the merger is fair and in the best interests of Dean and
      its stockholders and that the cash consideration, the exchange ratio and
      the per share merger consideration is fair from a financial point of view
      to Dean's stockholders;

    - Approved the merger agreement and the merger;

    - Directed that the merger agreement be submitted for consideration by
      Dean's stockholders; and

    - Recommended that Dean's stockholders vote "FOR" the proposal to approve
      the merger agreement and the merger.

    Dean's board of directors identified and considered a variety of potential
positive factors in its deliberations concerning the merger agreement and the
merger, including the following:

    - Dean's and Suiza's financial condition, results of operations, business
      quality, prospects and businesses as separate entities and on a combined
      basis, including:

         -- The revenues, cash flows and operating margins of Dean, Suiza and
            the combined company; and

         -- The recent and historical stock price performance of Dean's common
            stock and Suiza's common stock;

    - the strategic nature of the merger and increased opportunity for growth;

    - the greater financial strength expected to enable the combined company to
      increase research and development expenditures to develop new innovative
      products and increase demand for and consumption of their milk and related
      products;


    - the other potential benefits of scale to be derived from a combination of
      Dean and Suiza, including the expected cost savings and efficiencies,
      improved operating margins, enhanced marketing and sales support, improved
      distribution capabilities and greater ability to serve the rapidly
      consolidating national retail grocery and food services industries;

    - the likely market position and competitiveness resulting from a
      combination of Dean and Suiza, the complementary operating strengths and
      compatible business strategies of the two companies, the potential for
      synergies from a combination of the companies and the resulting potential
      to increase stockholder value;

    - Suiza's demonstrated ability to implement its growth strategy and
      integrate its acquisitions successfully and Suiza's ability to access
      capital markets to fund its growth;

    - Suiza's proven management team;

    - the fact that five persons (including Howard Dean) to be agreed upon by
      Suiza and Dean prior to completion of the merger will be elected to fill
      five new seats on Suiza's board of directors after the merger;

    - the fact that Mr. Dean will become Chairman of the board of directors of
      the combined company and a member of its executive and management
      committees after the merger is completed;

    - the fact that, although Dean did not actively auction its business, Dean
      had publicly announced on March 8, 2001 that it had retained Goldman,
      Sachs & Co. to explore strategic and financial alternatives and did not
      receive any proposals from any other company to merge with or acquire Dean
      or any other attractive proposals for any other transaction with Dean;

    - the possible alternatives to the merger, including continuing to operate
      Dean as an independent company and the associated risks in light of
      (1) Dean's failure to meet quarterly earnings expectations for 8 out of
      the 12 fiscal quarters preceding the approval of the merger agreement,
      (2) the difficulties Dean has experienced in integrating several of its
      recent acquisitions, (3) the competitive pressures Dean has faced and
      expects to continue to face from other dairy and non-dairy beverage
      companies, (4) the steady decline in milk consumption nationwide and
      (5) Howard Dean's planned retirement and Dean's concerns about identifying
      a clear successor capable of effectively leading Dean's business as a
      stand-alone company;

    - the opportunity for Dean's stockholders to participate in a larger company
      and, as stockholders of the combined company, to participate in any
      increases in the value of its businesses following the merger;

    - the fact that the exchange ratio would enable Dean's stockholders after
      the merger to own approximately 36% of the common stock of the combined
      company (on a diluted basis assuming exercise of only the outstanding
      Suiza and Dean options) or approximately 30% of the common stock of the
      combined company (on a diluted basis assuming the exercise of outstanding
      Suiza and Dean options and conversion of Suiza's mandatorily redeemable
      convertible trust issued preferred securities);

    - the intrinsic value and historical market prices of Dean's common stock
      and the fact that the cash consideration and the exchange ratio (based on
      Suiza's trading price at the close of business on April 3, 2001, the last
      trading day before Dean's board of directors approved the merger
      agreement) to be paid by Suiza in the merger together represented a
      premium of 25.7% to Dean's trading price at the close of business on
      April 3, 2001;

    - the directors' belief that the consideration to be paid by Suiza in the
      merger represented the highest price per share that could be negotiated
      with Suiza;

    - the presentation by Goldman, Sachs & Co. to Dean's board of directors on
      April 4, 2001, including the oral opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co.
      presented to Dean's board of directors to the effect that, as of April 4,
      2001, the per share merger consideration to be received by Dean
      stockholders in the merger was fair from a financial point of view (See
      "Opinions of Financial Advisors--Opinion of Dean's Financial Advisor" on
      page 68);