The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Broadbase Software Inc & Kana Communications Inc:
Background of the Merger

   As a regular part of their business plans, Kana and Broadbase have from time
to time each considered opportunities for expanding and strengthening their
technology, products, research and development capabilities and distribution
channels, including strategic acquisitions, business combinations, investments,
licensing and development agreements and joint ventures.

   Between late December 1999 and the end of February 2000, Michael J.
McCloskey, Kana's former chief executive officer, and Chuck Bay, president and
chief executive officer of Broadbase, engaged in discussions regarding a
potential strategic business combination. During that time, various members of
the Broadbase management team met with members of Kana's management team to
conduct business due diligence and to discuss the potential benefits of a
business combination, and representatives of the two companies communicated
regarding possible terms of a transaction. However, the parties did not reach
agreement on proposed terms. From time to time from April 2000 to December
2000, Mr. McCloskey and Mr. Bay occasionally communicated regarding their
businesses and potential relationships between the companies.
At various times between April 2000 and March 2001, Mr. Bay and other
representatives of Broadbase also held preliminary discussions with several
other companies with respect to potential acquisitions of Broadbase or
potential mergers involving Broadbase, some of which parties conducted
financial, legal and technical due diligence on Broadbase. However, Broadbase
did not reach agreement with any of these companies as to valuation or other
material terms of any potential merger or acquisitions, and the parties did not
engage in negotiations of definitive agreements for any such transactions.

   During the last week of March 2001, James C. Wood, Kana's new chief
executive officer, contacted Mr. Bay to discuss the respective businesses of
Kana and Broadbase and to determine whether Broadbase would be interested in
resuming discussions regarding a business combination with Kana. Over the next
several days, Mr. Wood and Mr. Bay engaged in preliminary discussions regarding
the nature of a possible business combination between Kana and Broadbase and
the potential of the combined enterprise.
At a special meeting of the board held on the evening of March 30, 2001,
Kana's board of directors received an update from Mr. Wood and other officers
of Kana on Kana's business and financial condition, its remaining cash and cash
expenditure rate, and its competitive outlook in the marketplace. Kana's board
of directors decided to evaluate various strategic transactions, including a
potential business combination with Broadbase and other potential strategic
transactions with several companies with respect to which Kana had received
informal inquiries but had not yet received formal offers or indications of
interest. Among these companies were Company A, a large Nasdaq-listed
enterprise software applications provider, and Company B a large, Nasdaq-listed
communications hardware and software provider. Kana's board instructed Mr. Wood
to contact Goldman, Sachs & Co., (Goldman Sachs), in connection with the
proposed strategic transactions. In addition, Kana's board authorized Mr. Wood
to continue evaluating potential strategic transactions, including further
discussions with Broadbase, Company A and Company B.

   On April 2 and April 3, 2001, the Kana board held two special meetings to
review the status of the strategic transactions available to Kana. The Kana
board discussed the merits of potential strategic business combinations with
Broadbase, Company A and Company B and certain other companies in the software
industry and communications industry. The discussions included the strategic
benefits that could be achieved in a combination of the companies' products and
services, management and sales organizations and the possibility of obtaining
interim financing in connection with any such transaction. The Kana board also
discussed potential
headcount and cost reductions. Mr. Wood reported to the board that additional
discussions had been held with representatives of Company A and Company B and
it was likely that Kana would receive a proposal for a strategic transaction
from one or both companies in the near future. Representatives of Goldman Sachs
and Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Kana's outside legal counsel (Brobeck)
attended the meetings. On April 3, 2001, Kana's board agreed to formally retain
Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor in connection with potential strategic
transactions.

   On April 2 and April 3, 2001, Mr. Wood and Mr. Bay continued to discuss the
benefits of a strategic transaction between Kana and Broadbase, the benefits of
combining the companies, the possibility of interim financing, and valuation
expectations.

   On April 3 and April 4, 2001, Kana and Broadbase, respectively, announced
their preliminary results of operations for the first quarter of 2001.


   On April 5, 2001, Eric Willgohs, Broadbase's Executive Vice President and
General Counsel, contacted Fenwick & West LLP, Broadbase's outside legal
counsel (Fenwick) and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (Morgan Stanley)
regarding the proposed merger, and representatives of Morgan Stanley, Fenwick
and Broadbase prepared a draft term sheet to be submitted to Kana. On April 5,
2001, the Broadbase board of directors held a special meeting to review the
discussions with Kana. The Broadbase board discussed potential benefits and
risks of the proposed transaction with Kana, as well as the anticipated
operating results of the combined company. Representatives of Fenwick discussed
specific terms of the proposed transaction with Kana, including the proposed
exchange ratio, the proposed interim financing of Kana, the proposed stock
option agreements and voting agreements, the proposed management and board of
directors of the combined company, the terms of the non-solicitation covenants,
and the terms of the proposed license agreement, and the duties of the
Broadbase board with respect to the proposed transaction. The Broadbase board
authorized management to proceed with its discussions with Kana. In addition,
Broadbase's board agreed to formally retain Morgan Stanley as its financial
advisor in connection with the proposed transaction.
On April 5, 2001, the Kana board held a special meeting to review the status
of discussions with Broadbase, Company A and Company B as well as other
possible strategic transactions. The Kana board reviewed and discussed the term
sheet which had been delivered by Broadbase's financial advisor, Morgan
Stanley. The Kana board also reviewed and discussed a letter of interest that
had been received by Kana indicating the basic terms of a possible transaction
with Company A. Mr. Wood reported that it was likely that a formal offer would
be made by Company B in the next 48-72 hours, but that the offer was likely to
be for a strategic investment, rather than a business combination.
Representatives of Brobeck and Goldman Sachs also attended and participated in
this meeting. Among the factors the Kana board considered in evaluating
potential transactions with each of Broadbase, Company A and Company B were the
comparative market capitalizations, revenue potential, liquidity, possibility
of interim financing, infrastructures and product fit of each potential
partner, as well as the timeline on which a transaction could be concluded.
Representatives of Brobeck then discussed specific aspects of the proposed
transaction with Broadbase, including the proposed restrictions on the conduct
of Kana's business, the proposed management of Kana following the merger, the
terms of the non-solicitation covenants, the termination sections and the
consequences of termination, the operation of the stock option agreements, the
terms of the voting agreements, and the possible terms of an interim loan from
Broadbase. Based on the relative merits offered by each potential transaction,
the Kana board determined that it would move forward with negotiating
definitive documents with Broadbase based on the term sheet reviewed at the
meeting, but that it would entertain further discussions with Company A and/or
Company B should a formal offer from one or both companies be forthcoming.
On April 5, 2001, Kana and Broadbase entered into a non-disclosure
agreement, and Broadbase instructed Fenwick to prepare drafts of the merger
agreement and other transaction documents. Later that evening, Brobeck and
representatives of Company A's outside legal counsel negotiated a nondisclosure
agreement, which was then executed by Kana and Company A.

   Beginning on the morning of April 6, 2001 and continuing through April 8,
2001, a series of meetings was held at the offices of Fenwick between
marketing, legal, operations, technical and finance personnel,

accountants and financial advisors of both companies for the purpose of
conducting due diligence. Representatives from Brobeck and Fenwick also
conducted a legal due diligence review. On the evening of April 6, 2001, a
draft of a merger agreement and other draft transaction documents were
distributed to the working group for the transaction by Fenwick.

   On April 7, 2001, Brobeck provided its initial comments on the draft merger
agreement and other draft transaction documents previously distributed by
Fenwick.

   In the early evening of April 7, 2001, the Broadbase board of directors held
a special meeting to review the status of the discussions with Kana. The board
discussed the proposed plan for headcount reductions at both companies, the
financial condition, liquidity and anticipated results of operations of
Broadbase and Kana, and the cost structure and anticipated potential results of
operations of the combined company. Representatives of Morgan Stanley attended
and discussed the financial performance of Kana and Broadbase, current economic
and industry conditions, and the likelihood and possible terms of alternative
transactions that Broadbase could pursue. Representatives of Fenwick also
attended and advised the Broadbase board of its fiduciary duties in considering
the merger and reviewed the principal terms of the revised draft merger
agreement and related agreements. The Broadbase board discussed the principal
terms of the proposed transaction, including the proposed exchange ratio, the
requirement that Broadbase provide Kana with up to $20 million in unsecured
loans, and the operation and terms of the proposed distribution and license
agreement, the proposed voting agreements and the proposed stock option
agreements. The Broadbase board authorized management to continue its
negotiations with Kana.
In the early evening of April 7, 2001, the Kana board held a special meeting
to discuss the status of the potential strategic transactions available to
Kana. Mr. Wood noted that in the afternoon, Kana had received a formal proposal
from Company A for an acquisition of Kana and a formal proposal from Company B
for a strategic investment in Kana. Representatives of Goldman Sachs attended
the meeting and discussed the selected financial attributes of Kana, Broadbase
and Company A. Representatives of Goldman Sachs also participated in
discussions with the board with respect to the terms of the proposals from
Company A and Company B. After further discussion, the Kana board determined
that, notwithstanding the strength and resources of Company B, a business
combination with Broadbase was preferable to operating independently following
an investment by Company B because of the perceived strategic fit between
Kana's and Broadbase's businesses and product lines. The Kana board determined
that Company B's proposal had a number of disadvantages and did not offer as
much value to Kana and its stockholders as a combination with Broadbase. Mr.
Wood also noted that Company B had indicated that it was not interested in
consummating a business combination with Kana in the near term. The Kana board
then determined to defer further discussions with Company B.
The Kana board then considered the terms of the alternative proposal from
Company A as compared with the Broadbase proposal. The Kana board noted that
the alternative proposal from Company A was subject to a due diligence
investigation that had not yet begun and the drafting and negotiating of
definitive agreements, and weighed these factors in light of the relative
certainty associated with the relatively more completed process with Broadbase,
and the attractiveness of the interim funding aspect of the Broadbase proposal,
in light of Kana's cash position. The Company A proposal was further weighed
against the possibility that Broadbase might have been unwilling to proceed on
the terms then under discussion if Kana continued to engage in discussions with
Company A. The Kana board viewed the Broadbase transaction as more attractive
than the alternative proposal from Company A both because of the proposed terms
of the respective transactions and because it believed that Broadbase's
financial position, products, services, management and sales organizations
provided a more favorable strategic fit with Kana than a strategic combination
with Company A. The Kana board also considered that a definitive merger
agreement with Broadbase would contain provisions allowing Kana to consider and
respond to future unsolicited proposals from Company A, Company B, or any other
party if the Kana board made a finding that it was required to do so to comply
with its fiduciary duties to its stockholders, subject to the payment to
Broadbase of a $2.5 million merger termination fee and other provisions.
Representatives of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP discussed with and
answered questions from the Kana board of its legal duties and responsibilities
in connection with considering the proposed business combination with Broadbase
and reviewed the principal terms of the revised draft merger agreement and
related agreements. The Kana board discussed the principal issues in the
proposed transaction with Broadbase, the proposed exchange ratio, treatment of
Broadbase employees following the proposed transaction, acceleration of
Broadbase stock options, management of the combined companies and industry
competition. The Kana board also reviewed additional issues relating to the
proposed transaction with Broadbase, including the merger consideration,
exchange ratio, and termination rights, the distribution and license agreement
and the proposed headcount reduction. After lengthy discussion, the Kana board
decided to continue negotiating with Broadbase, subject to review of the
revised merger agreement and revised related agreements.

   During the evening of April 7, 2001 and the morning of April 8, 2001,
representatives of Brobeck and Fenwick held a series of negotiations concerning
the terms of the draft merger agreement and the other draft related agreements
by teleconference and at the offices of Fenwick. The terms discussed in these
negotiations included, among other things, the representations and warranties
made by the parties, the restrictions on the conduct of their business, the
terms of the non-solicitation covenants and other material covenants, the
termination provisions, the provisions regarding payment of the termination
fees and the consequences of termination, the conditions to closing and the
definition of adverse events that would not prevent the closing of the
transaction, the terms and conditions of the revolving loan agreement, the
distribution and license agreement, the stock option agreements and the voting
agreements.
On the afternoon of April 8, 2001, revised drafts of the proposed merger
agreement and other related agreements were distributed by Fenwick, and Brobeck
provided comments on these draft agreements. Through the evening of April 8,
2001, representatives of Brobeck and Fenwick continued to negotiate the terms
of these agreements by teleconference and at the offices of Fenwick.
Thereafter, revised agreements were distributed by Fenwick.