The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Autoweb.com Inc & Autobytel.com Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     In light of the rapid changes in the automotive online commerce and
interactive services industries, it had become regular practice of the board of
directors of both Autobytel and Autoweb to review periodically with senior
management the relative position of each company in these industries, changes in
the competitive landscape and technology as well as strategic alternatives
available to each company in order to remain competitive and enhance stockholder
value. In connection with this ongoing review of long-term strategic plans, each
company has been considering a wide range of strategic options, including
internal growth strategies, growth through various strategic alliances,
investments, acquisitions or business combinations. In furtherance of these
objectives, from time to time each company has had contact with various parties
to explore on a preliminary basis several of these alternatives, including some
discussions with one or more parties during the time periods described below.

     During the course of the prior year, various senior management personnel of
Autobytel have been involved from time to time in discussions with members of
senior management of Autoweb regarding a variety of topics related to their
businesses, including a possible business combination.

     During a meeting in Menlo Park, California on June 30, 2000, between Mark
Lorimer, President and Chief Executive Officer of Autobytel, and Dean DeBiase,
Chairman of Autoweb, the parties raised the possibility that Autoweb and
Autobytel might explore a possible business combination.

     On July 28, 2000, Mr. Lorimer and Dennis Benner, Executive Vice President,
Corporate Development of Autobytel, met with Mr. DeBiase and Jeffrey Schwartz,
then the Vice President of Strategic Development of Autoweb, in Irvine,
California and discussed the possibility of a business combination.

     In September and early October of 2000, Mr. DeBiase spoke by phone several
times with Mr. Lorimer and discussed the general terms of a possible transaction
and outlined business integration issues that would have to be analyzed. During
these conversations, Mr. Lorimer indicated that Autobytel was interested in
continuing discussions regarding a strategic business combination with Autoweb.

     On October 8 and October 31, 2000, the Autoweb board of directors held
meetings to discuss potential sources of new capital for Autoweb and potential
strategic partners. During each meeting the board of directors also discussed a
range of economic and operational issues that would have to be resolved in any
transaction between Autoweb and Autobytel. The Autoweb board of directors
authorized Messrs. DeBiase and Schwartz and other members of Autoweb's senior
management to pursue further discussions with Autobytel.

     On November 2, 2000, Autobytel and Autoweb entered into a mutual
non-disclosure agreement.

     On November 6, 2000, Messrs. DeBiase and Schwartz, now Chief Executive
Officer and President of Autoweb, discussed the advantages and disadvantages of
various potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, with
certain Autoweb board members.

     On November 14, 2000, Messrs. DeBiase and Schwartz met with Mr. Lorimer to
discuss potential strategic transactions, including a business combination,
between Autoweb and Autobytel. During November and December 2000, Messrs.
DeBiase and Schwartz had several telephone conversations with Mr. Lorimer
regarding potential strategic transactions, including a business combination
with Autobytel.

     On November 15, 2000, the Autoweb board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting to discuss a possible transaction with Autobytel. The Autoweb
board discussed the possible advantages and risks of a strategic business
combination with Autobytel. Following this discussion, Autoweb's board of
directors authorized management to continue discussions with Autobytel regarding
a possible strategic business combination.

     During November 2000, Mr. Lorimer discussed with various individual board
members of Autobytel the advantages and disadvantages of a business combination
with Autoweb. During such month, members of senior management of Autobytel met
with representatives of Lehman Brothers to evaluate a potential business
combination with Autoweb.

     On December 6, 2000, Messrs. DeBiase and Schwartz and Mr. Michael Schmidt,
Chief Financial Officer of Autoweb, and Ms. Meri E. Glade, Vice President, Legal
Affairs and General Counsel of Autoweb, met with representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston, Autoweb's financial advisors. At this meeting
representatives of Autoweb discussed certain potential strategic transactions
with representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston, including a possible
business combination with Autobytel.
On December 8, 2000, the board of directors of Autobytel held a regular
meeting during which Mr. Lorimer reported on discussions with representatives of
Autoweb regarding a proposed business combination.

     On December 12 and 15, 2000, Messrs. Schwartz, DeBiase and Schmidt phoned
Mr. Lorimer and Amit Kothari, Controller and then Interim Chief Financial
Officer of Autobytel, to discuss the financial models of each company and the
possibility of a business combination transaction between the two companies.

     During the period from December 20, 2000 through January 23, 2001, there
were telephone calls between various members of senior management of Autoweb and
Autobytel regarding the structure of a potential transaction, potential
synergies, management and corporate governance issues, the appropriate exchange
ratio, certain due diligence issues and Autoweb's relationships with certain
marketing partners.

     On January 10, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting during which representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
and certain members of Autoweb's senior management, briefed the board on recent
discussions with Autobytel, including the advantages and disadvantages of a
potential business combination with Autobytel.

     On January 18, 2001, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston met with
members of senior management of Autobytel to conduct due diligence.

     On January 23, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a regular meeting
to discuss, among other things, a possible transaction with Autobytel.
Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston presented certain preliminary
financial analyses with respect to a potential transaction between Autoweb and
Autobytel to the Autoweb board of directors. Ms. Glade participated in the
meeting and reviewed various items with the Autoweb board of directors,
including the board of directors' fiduciary duties in considering strategic
alternatives to the transaction with Autobytel. The Autoweb board of directors
further discussed the possible advantages and risks of a strategic business
combination with Autobytel. Following this discussion, the board of directors
authorized management to continue with negotiations and due diligence regarding
a proposed business combination with Autobytel.

     From January 23, 2001 through February 2, 2001, representatives of
Autobytel and Autoweb met to continue discussions regarding a potential
transaction. Among other things, they discussed each company's business,
operations and personnel and other integration issues. On February 2, 2001,
Autobytel and Autoweb executed a non-binding indication of interest letter
regarding a potential transaction.

     On February 4, 2001, Mr. Schwartz and William Barrett, President of AIC, a
division of Autoweb, and Dr. Nadyne Edison, Chief Marketing Officer of Autoweb,
met with Mr. Lorimer and Andrew Donchak, Chief Marketing Officer of Autobytel,
to discuss certain management issues, operations and other post-merger
integration matters.

     On February 7, 2001, the board of directors of Autobytel held a regular
Autoweb regarding the proposed business combination. During such meeting,
representatives of Lehman Brothers presented a preliminary financial analysis
and valuation of a possible transaction between Autoweb and Autobytel. The
Autobytel board of directors discussed the possible advantages and disadvantages
of a business combination with Autoweb. Following the discussion, the Autobytel
board of directors instructed management to continue to proceed with
negotiations and due diligence regarding a proposed business combination with
Autoweb.

     Beginning the week of February 12, 2001, there were numerous telephone
calls between members of senior management of Autoweb and members of senior
management of Autobytel and their respective financial advisors and outside
legal counsel regarding the terms of the proposed transaction and certain due
diligence matters.

     On February 28, 2001, legal counsel to Autobytel distributed to Autoweb and
its counsel the initial draft of a proposed form of acquisition agreement. From
February 28 through April 10, 2001, representatives of each company, including
legal and financial advisors, performed due diligence and negotiated the terms
of the acquisition agreement and related agreements.

     On March 7, 2001, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston met with
certain members of Autobytel management to conduct further due diligence.

     On March 12, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting to discuss the status of the negotiations with Autobytel. During this
meeting, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati identified certain unresolved issues relating to the proposed
transaction and the acquisition agreement.

     On March 19, 2001, the Autobytel board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting. At the meeting, members of senior management of Autobytel
reported on the status of discussions with Autoweb and summarized the principal
terms and open issues relating to a possible transaction.

     On March 20, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting during which members of Autoweb's senior management reported on the
status of discussions with Autobytel, the results of due diligence and the
feasibility of the transaction. Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati also attended the meeting and briefly
updated the Autoweb board of directors on their respective discussions with
representatives of Autobytel's financial and legal advisors. Mr. Schwartz
reviewed the status of negotiations and due diligence with the Autoweb board of
directors. The Autoweb board of directors then authorized and instructed
management to continue negotiations and due diligence with respect to the
transaction.
On March 29, 2001, the Autobytel board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting to consider the proposed transaction. Prior to the meeting,
the directors were provided with a draft of the acquisition agreement and
related documents. A representative of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP and
Autobytel's General Counsel summarized the principal terms of the proposed
agreements. Representatives of Lehman Brothers discussed with the Autobytel
board of directors certain financial analyses of the acquisition, and delivered
the oral opinion of Lehman Brothers to the effect that, based on and subject to
matters set forth in its written opinion, as of March 29, 2001 the consideration
to be paid by Autobytel in the proposed transaction was fair, from a financial
point of view, to Autobytel. In light of the prior discussions among members of
the Autobytel board of directors, the prior meetings of the Autobytel board of
directors and the presentations and discussions at the current meeting, the
Autobytel board of directors determined by unanimous vote that the transactions
contemplated by the acquisition agreement and related documents were advisable
and in the best interests of Autobytel and its stockholders and unanimously
approved the acquisition agreement and the merger and related documents.

     On March 31, 2001, the Autoweb board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting to consider the proposed transaction. Prior to the meeting, the board of
directors was provided with a draft of the acquisition agreement and certain
other related documents. Representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
reviewed with the board of directors, the status of negotiations with Autobytel,
the directors'
fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed transaction and summarized the
principal terms of the draft acquisition agreement. Representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston discussed with the Autoweb board of directors certain
financial analyses of the acquisition and delivered the oral opinion of Credit
Suisse First Boston, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that,
based on and subject to matters set forth in its opinion, as of March 31, 2001,
the exchange ratio pursuant to the acquisition agreement was fair from a
financial point of view to holders of Autoweb common stock. In light of the
prior discussions among members of the Autoweb board of directors, the prior
meetings of the Autoweb board of directors and the presentations and discussions
at the current meeting, the Autoweb board of directors determined by unanimous
vote that the transactions contemplated by the acquisition agreement and related
documents were advisable and in the best interests of Autoweb and its
stockholders and, contingent on the resolution of remaining due diligence
matters and finalization of agreements related to the acquisition, unanimously

     From March 31 to April 10, 2001, Autobytel and Autoweb negotiated the final
terms of the definitive acquisition agreement and related documents, including
an employment agreement for Mr. Schwartz and a voting agreement with significant
stockholders of Autoweb.

     The acquisition agreement and voting agreement were signed by the parties
on April 11, 2001, and Autobytel and Autoweb issued a joint press release
announcing the transaction.

AUTOBYTEL'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER


     At a meeting held on March 29, 2001, the board of directors of Autobytel
concluded that the merger was in the best interests of Autobytel and its
stockholders and determined to recommend that the Autobytel stockholders approve
the issuance of the shares of Autobytel common stock in the merger. In its
evaluation of the merger, the Autobytel board identified several potential
benefits of the merger, the most important of which included the board's
expectation that:

     - by combining its operations with Autoweb, Autobytel would be better
       positioned to broaden its customer base, accelerate its revenue growth
       and extend its position as a leading provider of automotive internet
       services;

     - by obtaining AIC's capabilities, the combined company would save data and
       licensing costs that Autobytel presently pays to third parties and would
       be better able to provide data content, technology and information
       services to automotive marketers on a global basis;

     - the merger would enable Autobytel to realize significant operating
       synergies, including reduced corporate overhead and the consolidation of
       sales and marketing organizations;

     - Autoweb's cash reserves would enable Autobytel to partially fund the
       anticipated ongoing operating losses incurred by Autoweb until cost
       reductions could be implemented; and

     - the combined companies would be able to employ the best practices and
       processes of each of Autobytel and Autoweb in future operations.

     Autobytel's board of directors consulted with senior management, as well as
its legal counsel and financial advisors, in reaching the decision to approve
the merger. In its evaluation of the merger, the Autobytel board reviewed
several factors, including:

     - information concerning the business, financial condition, operations,
       competitive position and prospects of Autobytel and Autoweb both
       individually and on a combined basis including the compatibility of the
       two companies' operations;

     - analyses and other information with respect to Autobytel and Autoweb
       including consideration of the strategic focus of the combined companies
       and the likelihood of their ability to compete successfully;

     - the possibility, as an alternative to the merger, of seeking to acquire a
       different company or establish other strategic alliances;

     - the cash position of the combined companies, especially during periods of
       volatility in the financial markets;

     - the opinion of Lehman Brothers to the Autobytel board of directors, to
       the effect that, based on and subject to matters set forth in its
       opinion, as of March 29, 2001, the consideration to be paid by Autobytel
       in the proposed transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to
       Autobytel. The opinion of Lehman Brothers is described below under
       "Opinion of Autobytel's Financial Advisor";

     - the amount and form of the consideration to be received by Autoweb's
       stockholders in the merger in light of comparable transactions and the
       historical market prices, volatility and trading information for
       Autoweb's common stock and Autobytel's common stock;

     - that Autobytel's stockholders would hold approximately 66% of the
       outstanding common stock of the combined company after the merger;

     - the expectation that the merger would qualify as a tax-free
       reorganization;


     - the financial and other terms and conditions of the merger and the
       acquisition agreement;

     - the belief by Autobytel's senior management that the terms of the
       acquisition agreement are reasonable;

     - the potential impact of the merger on Autobytel's and Autoweb's customers
       and employees; and

     - discussions with Autobytel's management and legal and financial advisors
       as to the results of the due diligence investigation of Autoweb.

     The Autobytel board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including the following:

     - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized or
       may be delayed;

     - the costs associated with the merger, including merger related
       transaction costs, costs for disposing of real estate leases and costs
       for renegotiating or terminating marketing and equipment agreements;

     - the difficulty of integrating Autoweb with Autobytel and the management
       effort and costs required to complete the integration following the
       merger, including:

      - the difficulty of maintaining a consistent brand image given certain
        differences in the companies' respective business models;

      - potential difficulties in providing Autoweb customers with the requisite
        level of service in the post-merger transition; and,

      - given the importance of operating the combined companies on a common
        technology platform, possible difficulties associated with migrating
        Autoweb's operations to the Autobytel technology platform;