Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Parent' and 'Offer':
This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO is filed by Illinois Tool
Works Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), and Dudley Acquisition Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Sub") and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. This
statement relates to the tender offer (the "Offer") by Sub to purchase (a) all
of the Shares at a price per Share of $6.36 (the "Offer Price"), net to the
seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated April 20, 2001 (the "Offer to
Purchase") and in the related Letter of Transmittal (the "Letter of Transmittal"
which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as each may be amended or
supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the "Offer"), copies of
which are attached as Exhibit (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii), respectively.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Company':
This calculation assumes (a) the purchase of all of the issued and
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Shares") of
Foilmark, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") at a price per share of
$6.36 in cash. As of April 10, 2001, based on the Company's representation of
its capitalization, there were 8,092,572 Shares outstanding. The amount of the
filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, equals 1/50th of one percent of the value of the Shares.

The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Foilmark Inc & Illinois Tool Works Inc:

10. BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; PAST CONTACTS OR NEGOTIATIONS WITH THE COMPANY.

    In July of 2000, Foilmark retained JPMorgan, a division of Chase
Securities Inc. ("JPMorgan"), to advise on the Company's strategic alternatives.
The Company Board considered various strategic alternatives and agreed that the
Company should explore the possibility of a strategic transaction. The Company's
management and JPMorgan identified and contacted approximately 60 parties to
determine their interest in strategic transactions involving the Company. Thirty
of these parties expressed an interst in a potential transaction and were sent
confidential information memoranda after executing confidentiality agreements.
By December of 2000, eight of these parties, including Parent, submitted
preliminary indications of interest.
In January of 2001, five of these parties conducted due diligence
investigations. JPMorgan circulated a bid letter and a form of merger agreement
for these parties to review and use as the basis for final proposals.

    In February of 2001, JPMorgan received final bids from Parent, another
strategic bidder (the "Strategic Bidder") and a financial bidder (the "Financial
Bidder").

    In February of 2001, JPMorgan made a presentation to members of the Company
Board regarding the three final bids submitted, including Parent's. After
evaluation of the three bids as to which bid was in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders, the Company Board agreed to pursue further
discussions with Parent based on several factors, including Parent's knowledge
of the Company, the likelihood of completing Parent's proposed transaction, and
the proposed valuation and consideration offered by Parent.

    In March of 2001, negotiations on the terms of the Merger Agreement and
related agreements commenced among Parent, the Company and their respective
counsel. These negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, including,
among other things, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the
restrictions on the conduct of their businesses, the conditions to completion of
the Offer and the Merger, the provisions regarding termination, the details of
the "no shop" clause, the amount, triggers and payment of the termination fee
and the consequences of termination and the delivery and terms of the Stock
Option and Tender Agreements.
On March 15, 2001, the Strategic Bidder submitted a revised bid, increasing
the offer price per Share from an indicated value of approximately $5.30 per
Share to an indicated value of approximately $6.50 per Share (which represented
approximately $2.65 in cash and 2.5 shares of common stock of the Strategic
Bidder for each Share). The Strategic Bidder's revised bid was subject to the
approval of the Strategic Bidder's stockholders and the cash component of the
Strategic Bidder's revised bid was subject to a financing contingency and was
not supported by financing commitments.

    On March 22, 2001, the Company Board held a special telephonic meeting
during which the Company Board discussed the proposed business combination with
Parent. Dechert and Hinckley, Allen & Snyder LLP ("Hinckley"), counsel to the
Company, reviewed the background of the Company's discussions with Parent as
well as the current status of negotiations and reviewed the terms of the
proposed business combination transaction. Representatives of JPMorgan reviewed
the financial terms of the transaction as proposed at that time. The Compny
Board discussed the strategic, business and financial merits and the timing of
the possible transaction with Parent and the terms of Parent's proposal, and
directed management to continue negotiations with Parent.

    On March 23, 2001, subsequent to the completion of additional financial due
diligence, Parent submitted a revised offer. The Company rejected the proposed
revised offer.

    During the weeks of March 26 and April 2, 2001, Parent representatives and
representatives from JPMorgan and certain members of the Company Board had a
series of conversations to discuss the terms and assumptions of the most
recently proposed offer.

    On April 6, 2001, Parent agreed to increase its offer to $6.36 per Share.

    On April 10, 2001, the Company Board held a special telephonic meeting to
review the status of negotiations and discussions with Parent since the Company
Board's March 22, 2001 meeting and reviewed revised drafts of the Merger
Agreement and related agreements. Representatives of JPMorgan, Dechert and
Hinckley also participated. Representatives of Dechert and Hinckley reviewed wth
the Company Board the main legal principles applicable to the proposed business
combination transaction (including the Board's fiduciary duties and authority in
considering the transaction). Representatives of Dechert and Hinckley also
reviewed in detail the principal terms of the proposed Merger Agreement and
related agreements and summarized the remaining open issues and responded to
questions by the Company Board. The Company Board reviewed and discussed the
principal terms of the proposed transaction, including the price to be paid in
the Offer, closing conditions, termination rights, the termination fee, the
Stock Option and Tender Agreements and the Company's ability to consider
alternative proposals. Also at this meeting, JPMorgan reviewed with the Company
Board the financial terms of the transaction proposed at that time and a
financial comparison of Parent's bid with the other bids received and delivered
its opinion to the Company Board to the effect that, as of such date and based
upon and subject to various considerations, the consideration to be received in
the Offer and the Merger, taken together, was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of common stock of the Company. After further deliberation,
the Company Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors present and voting at
the meeting:
- determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
      thereby, including the Offer and the Merger and the Stock Option and
      Tender Agreements, are consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term
      business strategy of the Company and are advisable and are fair to and in
      the best interest of the Company and its stockholders;

    - approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and the transactions
      contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger and the Stock
      Option and Tender Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby;

    - resolved to recommend acceptance of the Offer and approval and adoption of
      the Merger Agreement by the Company's stockholders; and

    - authorized Frank J. Olsen, Jr. and Robert J. Simon to execute, on behalf
      of the Company, the Merger Agreement and such other documents that certain
      of the Company's officers find necessary or advisable in their sole
      discretion, together with any changes, deletions, additions and
      alterations which such officers approve consistent with the resolutions of
      the Company Board.

    On April 10, 2001, the Merger Agreement was executed by Parent, Sub and the
Company, and Parent and the Company issued a joint press release announcing the
transaction on April 11, 2001.

    On April 20, 2001, Parent and Sub commenced the Offer.

11. THE MERGER AGREEMENT; OTHER ARRANGEMENTS.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT




    The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Merger
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as exhibit (d)(1) to the Tender Offer
Statement on Schedule TO (the "Schedule TO") filed by Parent and Sub on
April 20, 2001 with the SEC in connection with the Offer. The following summary
may not contain all of the information important to you, and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is deemed incorporated by
reference in this Offer to Purchase. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the
entire Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms used in this summary and not
otherwise defined in this Offer to Purchase shall have the meanings set forth in
the Merger Agreement.

    THE OFFER.  The Merger Agreement provides that, following the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions of the Offer set forth in Section 15 of this Offer
to Purchase entitled "Certain Conditions of the Offer," Sub will purchase all
shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered and not withdrawn. Parent and
Sub have agreed not to, without the prior consent of the Company (a) reduce

the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to the Offer or reduce or
waive the Minimum Tender Condition, (b) reduce the consideration per share of
Company Common Stock to be paid pursuant to the Offer below the Offer Price,
(c) modify or add to the conditions of the Offer, (d) except for the specific
instances described below, extend the Offer, or (e) change the form of
consideration payable in the Offer.
Sub may, however, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer
(a) for up to forty-five (45) days, if at the initial expiration date of the
Offer any of the conditions to the Offer are not satisfied or waived, (b) for an
aggregate of twenty (20) business days if all of the conditions to the Offer
have been satisfied but less than ninety percent (90%) of the then outstanding
number of shares have been validly tendered and not withdrawn, provided that Sub
immediately accepts and promptly pays for all shares tendered prior to the date
of the extension, (c) for any period required by any rule, regulation,
interpretation or position of the SEC, or (d) in increments of not more than
twenty business days, if at the expiration of the Offer, or any extension
thereof, the Merger cannot be consummated because the waiting period under the
HSR Act shall not have terminated or any foreign antitrust law approvals shall
not have been obtained.
DIRECTORS.  The Merger Agreement provides that promptly after Sub purchases
and pays for that number of shares of Company Common Stock which represents at
least a majority of the Fully Diluted Shares, Sub shall be entitled to designate
such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Company
Board which is equal to the product of the total number of directors on the
Company Board after giving effect to the directors designated pursuant to this
sentence multiplied by the percentage that the number of shares of Company
Common Stock so accepted for payment by Sub bears to total number of Fully
Diluted Shares, and the Company shall, at such time, cause Sub's designees to be
so appointed or elected. However, until the Effective Time, the Company shall
retain as members of the Company Board at least two directors who were directors
as of the date of the Merger Agreement. Following the election or appointment of
Sub's designees and prior to the Effective Time, any amendment or termination of
the Merger Agreement, extension for the performance or waiver of the obligations
of Parent or Sub or waiver of the Company's rights under the Merger Agreement,
requires the concurrence of each member of the Company Board who was a member on
the date of the Merger Agreement.

    THE MERGER.  The Merger Agreement provides that, following satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Sub shall be merged
with and into the Company in accordance with the DGCL, with the Company
surviving and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Each issued and
outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than shares owned by the
Company, the Company Subsidiaries, Parent or Sub or stockholders, if any, who
are entitled to and who exercise their appraisal rights under the DGCL) will be
converted into the right to receive Merger Consideration, without interest.
COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS.  Each Company Employee Stock Option outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then vested, shall be
canceled in exchange for a cash payment (subject to any required withholding of
Taxes and without interest) of an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the
price per share of Company Common Stock to be paid pursuant to the Offer over
the exercise price per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company
Employee Stock Option, multiplied by the number of shares of Company Common
Stock that otherwise would have been issued upon exercise of such Company
Employee Stock Option. In addition, each of the Company Option Plans and the
Individual Options will be terminated and any provision in a Company Plan that
provides for the issuance, transfer or grant of or an interest in the capital
stock of the Company shall be deleted to ensure that after the Effective Time a
holder of a Company Employee Stock Option or a participant in any Company Plan
will not have any right to acquire capital stock of the Company or the Surviving
Corporation.

    EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN.  The Company Board has agreed to take such
actions under the Company's Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
("ESPP") as may be necessary or desirable in Parent's reasonable judgment to
extend any Offering Period (as defined in the ESPP)

pending on the date of the Merger Agreement until such time as the Merger
Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms without the Offer or
the Merger being consummated (as so extended, the "Pending Offering Period").
The extension of the Offering Period ensures that the Company's employees do not
exercise any option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock granted under the
ESPP during the term of the Merger Agreement. In addition, prior to Sub's first
acceptance of shares of Company Common Stock in the Offer, the Company Board
will take such actions as may be necessary or desirable in Parent's reasonable
judgment to (i) cancel any Pending Offering Period without any further purchases
of shares of Company Common Stock, (ii) refund all amounts contributed during
the Pending Offering Period, and (iii) terminate the ESPP effective no later
than the date of Sub's first acceptance of shares of Company Common Stock in the
Offer. The Company Board has also made a determination that the consummation of
the Offer constitutes a "change-in-control event" within the meaning of the
ESPP.
STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL.  The DGCL requires that the Merger be adopted by the
Company Board and, if the "short-form" merger procedure described below is not
available, approved by the holders of a majority of the Company's outstanding
voting securities. The Company Board unanimously adopted and approved the Offer,
the Merger and the Merger Agreement by all members present. As a result, the
only additional action that may be necessary to effect the Merger is approval of
the Merger Agreement by the Company's stockholders if a "short-form" merger
procedure is not available. If required by the DGCL, the Company will call and
hold a special meeting of its stockholders as promptly as practicable following
the consummation of the Offer for the purposes of considering and voting upon
the adoption of the Merger Agreement. At any such meeting, all shares of Company
Common Stock then owned by Sub or any other Subsidiary of Parent will be voted
in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. If Sub acquires
through the Offer voting power with respect to at least a majority of the Fully
Diluted Shares (which would be the case if the Minimum Tender Condition were
satisfied and Sub were to accept for payment shares of Company Common Stock
tendered pursuant to the Offer), Sub will have sufficient voting power to effect
the Merger without the affirmative vote of any other stockholder of the Company.

    The DGCL also provides for a "short-form" merger procedure if a corporation
owns at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of voting stock of a
corporation. A "short-form" merger may be consummated without prior notice to,
or the approval of, the other stockholders. Accordingly, if, as a result of the
Offer, Sub or any other Subsidiary of Parent acquires or controls the voting
power of at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, Sub
intends to effect the Merger without prior notice to, or any action by, any
other stockholder of the Company.
CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER.  The Merger
Agreement provides that the respective obligations of each party to effect the
Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:
(i) if required, the Company shall have obtained the Company Stockholder
Approval; (ii) the waiting period under the HSR Act shall have been terminated
or shall have expired and any consents, approvals and filings under any foreign
antitrust law, the absence of which would prohibit the consummation of Merger,
shall have been obtained or made; (iii) no temporary restraining order,
preliminary or permanent injunction or other Order or other legal restraint or
prohibition preventing or imposing any conditions or limitations on the
consummation of any of the Transactions shall be in effect; and (iv) Sub shall
have accepted shares of Company Common Stock for payment pursuant to the Offer,
provided that this condition shall not be applicable if, in breach of the Merger
Agreement or the terms of the Offer, Sub fails to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock validly tendered and not withdrawn.

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The Merger Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties of the parties which expire as of the Effective
Time. These include representations and warranties of the Company with respect
to, among other things, organization, standing and power; company subsidiaries
and equity interests; capital structure; authorizations, validity of the Merger
Agreement and necessary action; no conflicts and consents; SEC documents,
financial statements and undisclosed liabilities; information supplied; absence
of certain changes or events; taxes; benefit plans, ERISA compliance and excess
parachute payments; litigation; compliance with applicable laws;