The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between McNaughton Apparel Group Inc & Jones Apparel Group Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    In late October 2000, representatives of Jones requested a meeting with
representatives of McNaughton to discuss a potential transaction between
McNaughton and Jones. On November 9, 2000, Sidney Kimmel, the Chairman of the
Jones board of directors, and Wesley R. Card, the Chief Financial Officer of
Jones, met with Peter Boneparth, the Chairman of the McNaughton board of
directors, and discussed the possible strategic fit between the two companies,
the possible terms of a potential transaction and other related matters.
Following the meeting, Mr. Card called Mr. Boneparth and informed him that Jones
had retained Morgan Stanley as its financial advisor and that Jones would like
to pursue further discussions with McNaughton, and Jones and McNaughton entered
into a confidentiality agreement. Subsequently, McNaughton provided various
financial information to Jones.
During October and November 2000, the management of McNaughton from time to
time informally updated the members of the McNaughton board of directors as to
the discussions with Jones. During the same period, the management of Jones
informed the Jones board of directors of the discussions with McNaughton.

    On November 13, 2000, Mr. Card, Mr. Boneparth and representatives of Morgan
Stanley met for a preliminary financial and business due diligence review of
McNaughton. On November 16, 2000, Mr. Boneparth met with Jackwyn Nemerov,
President of Jones, Irwin Samelman, Executive Vice President of Marketing of
Jones, Mr. Card and a representative from Morgan Stanley to discuss various
operational, marketing and financial aspects of a possible business combination
involving Jones and McNaughton. Following the meeting, the parties agreed that
in light of other pressing business needs of the parties, including the need to
focus on the holiday shopping season, no further discussions concerning a
possible business combination would occur until the beginning of 2001.

    No further discussions occurred between McNaughton and Jones until
mid-February 2001, at which time Mr. Card arranged a meeting among himself and
Mr. Kimmel, on the one hand, and Mr. Boneparth, on the other hand, to discuss
various matters relating to a possible business combination involving Jones and
McNaughton. During the course of the next two weeks, representatives of Jones
conducted a confidential due diligence review of customers and certain financial
information concerning McNaughton and its subsidiaries.
In early March 2001, representatives of Jones proposed that Jones and
McNaughton proceed with further discussions concerning the terms and conditions
of a possible business combination, and, on March 6, 2001, provided
Mr. Boneparth with a preliminary draft of a term sheet outlining various
proposed terms and conditions of an acquisition of McNaughton by Jones. The term
sheet set forth a proposal involving the acquisition of McNaughton by Jones for
a purchase price of $20.00 per share of McNaughton common stock, to be paid
one-half in cash and one-half in Jones common stock. The term sheet also
included proposals regarding the treatment of McNaughton stock options,
restrictions on transfers of Jones common stock by certain affiliates of
McNaughton, the renegotiation of certain debt obligations, and the requirement
that employment agreements with key employees (including Mr. Boneparth) and
voting agreements with significant McNaughton stockholders be negotiated as part
of any business combination.

    During February and March 2001, Mr. Boneparth met with the Chief Executive
Officer of another nationally recognized women's apparel company on two separate
occasions at the invitation of that Chief Executive Officer. They discussed
various aspects of the women's apparel industry, including the

possible strategic fit between their two companies. No terms of any possible
transaction were discussed, and, at the second meeting, Mr. Boneparth invited
further discussion should the other Chief Executive Officer have an interest. No
further discussions between the two companies concerning a possible transaction
occurred following the second meeting.

    On March 8, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met to discuss the term
sheet and related matters. The McNaughton board of directors authorized
management to proceed with discussions with Jones and to engage Merrill Lynch as
financial advisor to McNaughton. On March 13, 2001, McNaughton and Merrill Lynch
entered into an engagement letter for that purpose.

    From mid-March to early April 2001, McNaughton provided Jones with
additional due diligence materials, which were reviewed by Jones'
representatives.

    From late March to early April 2001, representatives of Jones and McNaughton
also met on a number of occasions to discuss the financial and other terms of a
possible transaction. In early April, during the course of these discussions,
Jones agreed to increase its per share purchase price from $20.00 to $21.00, and
the parties discussed other aspects of the structure of the merger consideration
and other terms of a possible transaction. Also during this period, Jones
indicated that only Mr. Boneparth would be required to enter into an employment
agreement and agree to restrictions on transfers of Jones common stock, and that
it would not require any McNaughton stockholders to enter into voting agreements
or require McNaughton to renegotiate certain debt obligations. In addition,
during this period, Jones authorized its outside legal counsel for the
transaction, Cravath, Swaine & Moore, to begin preparation of a draft merger
agreement.

    On April 3, 2001, Mr. Boneparth, Amanda J. Bokman, Chief Financial Officer
of McNaughton, and Merrill Lynch met with representatives of Jones and Morgan
Stanley to discuss the results of operations, financial condition, management
and prospects of Jones. During that week, representatives of Jones toured
McNaughton's warehouse and distribution facilities in South Carolina and New
Jersey, and representatives of Jones' and McNaughton's independent public
accountants met to discuss accounting matters.
On April 4, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met to discuss a
possible business combination with Jones. McNaughton's senior management, Torys,
McNaughton's outside legal counsel, and Merrill Lynch made presentations
relating to a possible transaction, and Mr. Boneparth reviewed the status of
discussions with Jones, including the increase in the per share purchase price
from $20.00 to $21.00, the strategic reasons for the proposed transaction and
the other principal terms and conditions of the proposed transaction. Merrill
Lynch presented preliminary valuation and exchange ratio analyses, together with
a business overview of Jones and McNaughton, including a review of strategic
alternatives available to McNaughton as an independent company and other
possible acquirors of McNaughton and their ability to finance an acquisition or
offer of a similar value to that offered by Jones. Torys also outlined the
directors' legal duties in considering the possible business combination with
Jones. After considering these discussions, the McNaughton board of directors
agreed that management should pursue further discussions with Jones, including
as to the ability of McNaughton to consider and agree to a superior acquisition
proposal from a third party after signing an agreement with Jones.

    On April 6, 2001, Cravath, Swaine & Moore distributed a draft merger
agreement to McNaughton, Torys and Merrill Lynch. During the next several days,
the parties and their legal and financial advisors negotiated the terms of the
merger agreement as well as various matters relating to the merger
consideration. Also during this time, members of the Jones and McNaughton boards
of directors were updated informally from time to time, and representatives of
Jones and its financial and legal advisors continued their due diligence review
of McNaughton.
On April 12, 2001, Jones and McNaughton reached a tentative agreement on the
form, terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement, and the Jones board
of directors unanimously approved that agreement.

    On April 13, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met with senior
management, Torys, Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., McNaughton's special
Delaware counsel, and Merrill Lynch to consider the merger agreement. At the
meeting, Torys reviewed with the board of directors its legal duties, the
financial and legal aspects of the proposed business combination, the terms of
the merger agreement and the other matters described below under "--Reasons for
the Merger". Additionally, Merrill Lynch delivered an opinion to the effect
that, as of that date, the consideration to be received by McNaughton
stockholders pursuant to the merger is fair to McNaughton stockholders, other
than Jones and its affiliates, from a financial point of view. After discussion
and consideration, the McNaughton board of directors unanimously voted to
approve the merger agreement and resolved to recommend that McNaughton
stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

    On April 13, 2001, following the meeting of the McNaughton board of
directors, the parties finalized and executed and delivered the merger
agreement, and Jones and Mr. Boneparth finalized and executed and delivered the
employment agreement.

    Prior to the commencement of trading on the New York Stock Exchange and The
Nasdaq Stock Market on April 16, 2001, Jones and McNaughton issued a joint press
release announcing the execution of the merger agreement.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    In reaching its decision to approve the merger and to unanimously recommend
that McNaughton stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement, the McNaughton
board of directors consulted with its financial and legal advisors and with
senior management and considered a number of factors, including without
limitation, the following material factors:


       - The merger consideration negotiated with Jones, including the collar
         provision designed to protect McNaughton stockholders with respect to
         the value of the stock consideration to be received by them in
         connection with the merger, and the implied premium that the merger
         consideration represents over the recent market price of McNaughton
         common stock,

       - The opportunity of McNaughton stockholders to participate, as holders
         of Jones common stock, in a larger, more diversified company in the
         fashion industry, including participation in the value that may be
         generated through the combination of the two companies, including as a
         result of cross-selling and brand-extension opportunities,

       - The view of McNaughton's senior management and other information
         relating to the business, management, competitive position, financial
         condition, operating performance, trading performance and prospects of
         each of McNaughton and Jones,

       - The results of the due diligence relating to Jones conducted by
         McNaughton's management and its legal and financial advisors,

       - Current industry, economic and financial market conditions and
         historical market prices, volatility and trading information for
         McNaughton common stock and Jones common stock,

       - The strategic fit of McNaughton and Jones and the strategic and
         financial alternatives available to McNaughton, including remaining
         independent,


       - The written opinion of Merrill Lynch to the McNaughton board of
         directors dated April 13, 2001, to the effect that, subject to the
         assumptions, matters considered and limitations contained in the
         opinion, as of that date, the consideration to be received by the

         McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger is fair to McNaughton
         stockholders, other than Jones and its affiliates, from a financial
         point of view, and the financial presentation made to the McNaughton
         board of directors by Merrill Lynch in connection with the delivery of
         the opinion. The full text of the opinion, which describes the
         assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
         undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex B to
         this proxy statement/prospectus, and McNaughton stockholders are
         encouraged to read the opinion in its entirety,

       - The view of McNaughton's senior management that there were a limited
         number of potential interested acquirors who have the financial ability
         to acquire McNaughton,

       - The terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including provisions
         relating to the ability of McNaughton, under specified circumstances,
         to provide information to, and enter into negotiations with, third
         parties with respect to unsolicited offers to acquire McNaughton, and
         to terminate the merger agreement in order to enter into an agreement
         with a person making an unsolicited offer to acquire McNaughton which
         the McNaughton board of directors determines in its good faith judgment
         (after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized
         reputation) provides to McNaughton stockholders a higher value than the
         consideration to be received in connection with the proposed merger
         after paying a termination fee to Jones and giving Jones the
         opportunity to match any offer made by such third parties,

       - The ability of Jones to pay the cash portion of the merger
         consideration,

       - The structure of the transaction, which is intended to qualify as a
         reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes, so that
         McNaughton stockholders, as such, will recognize gain only to the
         extent they receive cash in exchange for their shares of McNaughton

       - The employment agreement that Jones and Peter Boneparth have entered
         into pursuant to which Mr. Boneparth has agreed, among other things, to
         continue his employment with McNaughton and serve as a director of
         Jones after the completion of the merger, and that Mr. Boneparth will
         agree to restrictions on his ability to sell Jones common stock
         obtained upon the exercise of Jones stock options received as a result
         of the merger, and
- The interests of the officers and directors of McNaughton in the
         merger, including the matters described under "--Interests of Certain
         Persons in the Merger", and the impact of the combination on McNaughton
         stockholders, customers, suppliers and employees.

    This discussion of the information and factors considered by the McNaughton
board of directors in making its decision to approve the merger and the merger
agreement and to recommend that McNaughton stockholders vote to adopt the merger
agreement is not intended to be exhaustive, but it is believed to include all
material factors considered by the McNaughton board of directors. In view of the
variety of material factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the
merger, the McNaughton board of directors did not find it practicable to, and
did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to, the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination. In addition, individual members of the
McNaughton board of directors may have given different weight to different
factors.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE MCNAUGHTON BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    At the special meeting, the holders of McNaughton common stock will be asked
to vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and to transact any other
business that properly comes before the special meeting or any adjournment or
postponement of the special meeting. The McNaughton board of directors has
unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are
advisable and fair to McNaughton stockholders, and that it is in the best
interests of McNaughton

stockholders that McNaughton completes the merger. The McNaughton board of
directors unanimously recommends that McNaughton stockholders vote "FOR" the
adoption of the merger agreement.

OPINION OF MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED


    On April 13, 2001, at a meeting of the McNaughton board of directors,
Merrill Lynch delivered an opinion that, as of that date and on the basis of and
subject to the matters reviewed with the McNaughton board of directors, the
merger consideration to be received by the holders of McNaughton common stock,
other than Jones and its affiliates, pursuant to the merger was fair from a
financial point of view to those stockholders.

    THE FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX B TO THIS
PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS AND IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. THE MERRILL LYNCH
OPINION EXPLAINS THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, THE MATTERS
CONSIDERED AND THE LIMITATIONS ON THE SCOPE OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY MERRILL
LYNCH. HOLDERS OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO, AND SHOULD, READ THE
MERRILL LYNCH OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY. THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION
WAS FOR THE USE AND BENEFIT OF THE MCNAUGHTON BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ADDRESSES
ONLY THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, TO THE HOLDERS OF MCNAUGHTON
COMMON STOCK, OTHER THAN JONES AND ITS AFFILIATES, OF THE MERGER CONSIDERATION
TO BE RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THE MERGER. THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION DOES NOT
ADDRESS THE MERITS OF THE UNDERLYING DECISION BY MCNAUGHTON TO ENGAGE IN THE
MERGER AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY HOLDER OF MCNAUGHTON
COMMON STOCK AS TO HOW ANY HOLDER SHOULD VOTE ON THE MERGER OR ANY OTHER MATTER
IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THE SUMMARY OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION SET FORTH IN
THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE
FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION.

    In arriving at the Merrill Lynch opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

       - reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
         relating to McNaughton and Jones that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
         relevant,

       - reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating
         to the business, earnings, cash flows, assets, liabilities and
         prospects of McNaughton and Jones furnished to Merrill Lynch by
         McNaughton and Jones, as well as the amount and timing of the cost
         savings and related expenses and synergies expected to result from the
         merger (the "expected synergies"), furnished to Merrill Lynch by
         McNaughton,

       - conducted discussions with members of senior management and
         representatives of McNaughton and Jones concerning the matters
         described in the first and second bullet points above, as well as their
         respective businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to
         the merger and expected synergies,

       - reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for McNaughton
         common stock and Jones common stock and compared them with those of
         certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be

       - reviewed the results of operations of McNaughton and Jones and compared
         them with those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch
         deemed to be relevant,

       - compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
         terms of certain other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed to be

       - participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
         representatives of McNaughton and Jones and their respective financial
         and legal advisors,

       - reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger,

       - reviewed the merger agreement, and