The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
PROPOSAL ONE -- THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Macromedia and Allaire have had commercial relationships with each other
since September 1997, and as a result, a number of senior officers of the
companies had regular business dealings and communications with each other.
 During the week of May 22, 2000, David Orfao, chief executive officer of
Allaire, and Rob Burgess, chairman and chief executive officer of Macromedia,
discussed potential business relationships between the companies, including a
business combination. On June 12, 2000 in San Francisco, and then on June 15,
2000 in Boston, officers of Allaire, including Mr. Orfao, J.J. Allaire, chairman
of the board, Jeremy Allaire, chief technology officer, and Simeon Simeonov,
chief architect, met with officers of Macromedia, including Kevin Lynch,
executive vice president and president of products, Ian Richmond, senior vice
president and general manager, embedded systems group, Paul Madar, senior vice
president, engineering, David Mendels, senior vice president, business
development, and Stephen Elop, senior vice president, worldwide field
operations, to discuss a possible business combination. Subsequent meetings to
discuss potential strategy and products for a combined company were held in
Boston on June 26 and 27, 2000, and included, in addition to many of the
foregoing persons, Mr. Burgess, Betsey Nelson, executive vice president and
chief financial officer of Macromedia, and David Gerth, chief financial officer
of Allaire. On July 7, 2000, the Macromedia board of directors held a meeting by
teleconference during which they discussed the potential Allaire transaction.
On July 14, 2000, in San Francisco, Messrs. Orfao and Gerth and
representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, financial advisor to
Allaire, met with Mr. Burgess, Ms. Nelson, Margaret McCarthy, senior vice
president, corporate development, of Macromedia, Tom Hale, senior vice
president, marketing, of Macromedia, and representatives of Morgan Stanley &
Co., Inc., financial advisor to Macromedia, to discuss the terms for a potential
business combination between Allaire and Macromedia. This meeting concluded
without agreement between the parties with respect to price or other financial
terms. On July 22, 2000, the Allaire board of directors held a regularly
scheduled meeting and discussed the previous meetings between Allaire and
Macromedia. On August 2, 2000, Messrs. Orfao and Jeremy Allaire again met with
Mr. Burgess and Ms. McCarthy in Boston to discuss the terms of a potential
transaction; this meeting also concluded without agreement between the parties
with respect to price or other financial terms.
In early November, Messrs. Orfao and Burgess discussed possible strategic
relationships between Allaire and Macromedia, including resuming discussions
between the parties regarding a potential business combination. On November 6,
2000, Mr. Lynch presented at the Allaire Developers Conference in Washington,
D.C., and met that day with Jeremy Allaire to discuss a potential business
combination between Allaire and Macromedia. On November 14, 2000, Mr. Allaire
met with Mr. Lynch and Phillip Mazzie, director of corporate development, of
Macromedia, in San Francisco to discuss a potential product roadmap for the
combined company. Additional meetings were held on December 6, 2000 among
Messrs. Orfao, Gerth, Mendels and Mazzie, and on December 7 and 8, 2000 between
Mr. Allaire and Mr. Lynch, at which the product and financial plans of the
respective companies were discussed. On December 15, 2000, Macromedia's internal
strategy team met to review the potential transaction with Allaire, including
discussions regarding the appropriate valuation ranges of Allaire. From December
26 through 30, 2000, Mr. Burgess and Mr. Orfao and representatives from Morgan
Stanley and Credit Suisse First Boston held numerous telephone calls to discuss
the financial aspects and terms of a potential transaction.

     On January 4, 2001, the Macromedia board of directors met and received an
update on the strategic purposes of the proposed business combination and the
status of negotiations regarding a potential transaction with Allaire. The board
authorized Macromedia management to continue discussions with Allaire. On
January 4, 2001, Allaire and Macromedia entered into an exclusivity agreement,
expiring January 17, 2001, providing for a period of exclusive negotiations
regarding a potential business combination involving Allaire and Macromedia.
From January 3 through 8, 2001, Macromedia engineering and legal personnel,
representatives of Fenwick & West LLP, legal counsel to Macromedia, and
PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, accounting advisor to Macromedia, and
representatives of Morgan Stanley, conducted a due diligence investigation of
Allaire in Boston.

     On January 6, 2001, Fenwick & West LLP sent Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, legal
counsel to Allaire, drafts of transaction documents which were negotiated by
Allaire and Macromedia and their respective counsels over the following ten
days. During this period, Macromedia's due diligence investigation of Allaire
continued and Allaire conducted a due diligence inquiry of Macromedia. On
January 11, 2001, in San Francisco, the principal financial officers of each
company and representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley
held financial due diligence meetings regarding the respective companies.

     On January 13, 2001, the Allaire board of directors met to discuss the
status of the proposed transaction with Macromedia and to consider the principal
transaction terms, including the proposed exchange ratio. The Allaire board
authorized Allaire management to continue negotiations with Macromedia.

     The Macromedia board of directors met on January 14, 2001, discussed the
principal transaction terms and those issues as yet unresolved, reviewed
management's and counsel's due diligence reports on Allaire, received a
presentation from Morgan Stanley on the financial aspects of the proposed
transaction, and authorized Macromedia management to propose to Allaire a
purchase price for Allaire shares consisting of a combination of cash and
Macromedia common stock. The parties and their respective legal representatives
continued to negotiate over the next two days to resolve open issues, including
the transaction price and the terms of the Allaire stock option requested by
Macromedia. Also during this period, Macromedia and several Allaire executives
negotiated the terms of employment agreements to become effective if the merger
closes.
On January 16, 2001, the Allaire board met to consider the proposed
transaction with Macromedia. Credit Suisse First Boston made a presentation to
the Allaire board on the financial aspects of the proposed transaction. After
the presentation, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the Allaire board an
oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated
January 16, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject
to the matters described in its opinion, the merger consideration provided for
in the merger with Macromedia was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Allaire common stock. Allaire's board then approved the merger
agreement and the related transaction agreements. Later that day, the Macromedia
board met to approve the merger agreement and the related transaction
agreements. Allaire and Macromedia executed the merger agreement and the related
agreements at approximately 4:30 p.m. Eastern time, and shortly thereafter
publicly announced the proposed transaction. The merger agreement was amended
and restated on January 29, 2001.

ALLAIRE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Allaire's board has determined that the terms of the merger agreement and
the merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, Allaire and its
stockholders. In reaching its unanimous decision to approve the merger
agreement, Allaire's board consulted Allaire's management, financial advisors
and legal counsel, and identified and considered several factors which, when
taken as a whole, supported its decision. The board considered the following
material factors:
- The board considered the complementary nature of each company's products
       and the potential for a combined product offering to address all aspects
       of web development and design. The board believed the combined company
       will offer a suite of tools and application servers that will allow web
       professionals to more efficiently build both the look of a web site and
       the application logic behind the web site and to deliver a web site on
       multiple devices and in multiple formats.

     - The board considered that the combined company might be able to create
       significant product sales and distribution synergies. In particular, the
       board recognized that the combined company will have the opportunity to
       capitalize on each company's strong customer and partner relationships
       and established reputations to provide additional products and services
       to each company's existing

       customers. The board considered that the combined company will have a
       substantially larger customer base.

     - The board considered the ability of the combined company to take
       advantage of the product development and deployment expertise of both
       companies in order to bring new products to market in a timely fashion.

     - The board considered that the merger consideration to be received by
       Allaire stockholders represented premiums of approximately 51.8% and
       111.9% to the closing prices of Allaire common stock on January 12, 2001,
       the last trading day before the meeting at which the Allaire board of
       directors approved the merger, and November 30, 2000, respectively. The
       board also considered current financial market conditions and the
       historical volatility and trading prices of the Allaire common stock and
       the Macromedia common stock, as well as the board's expectations
       regarding the potential for future increases in the trading prices of the
       two stocks.
- The board considered that a portion of the merger consideration to be
       received by Allaire stockholders will be paid in cash and therefore will
       not be adjusted downward in the event of a decline in the trading price
       of Macromedia common stock or Allaire common stock after the announcement
       of the merger.

     - The board considered the risks and potential rewards associated with
       continuing to operate as an independent company as an alternative to the
       merger, including, among others, risks associated with remaining
       independent in light of increasing consolidation and competition in the
       application server and tools markets. The board also considered potential
       rewards associated with the opportunity for stockholders to participate
       in the future growth of Macromedia.

     - The board considered the possibility, as an alternative to the merger, of
       seeking to acquire another company, seeking to engage in one or more
       joint ventures or seeking to engage in a combination with a company other
       than Macromedia, and the Allaire board's conclusion that a transaction
       with Macromedia is more feasible.

     - The board considered the larger market capitalization of Macromedia and
       the corresponding increase in trading liquidity for former Allaire
       stockholders as a result of the merger.

     - The board considered favorably the financial presentation of Credit
       Suisse First Boston including its opinion to Allaire's board of directors
       as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
       consideration to the holders of Allaire common stock.

     - The board considered the financial strength of Macromedia and the
       likelihood that it would be able to complete the merger, including its
       ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals.

     - The board considered the complementary corporate cultures of the two
       companies.


     - The board considered the economic effects of the merger on the customers,
       employees, suppliers and other constituents of Allaire and on the
       communities in which Allaire does business.

     - The board considered the limited rights that Macromedia has to terminate
       the merger agreement, including the fact that Macromedia may not
       terminate the merger agreement on the basis of changes in the price of
       the Allaire common stock.

     - The board considered its right under the merger agreement to consider
       superior acquisition proposals, alter its recommendation of the merger
       and, in the event the stockholders do not approve the merger, pursue
       superior acquisition proposals.

     In reaching its decision to approve the merger and recommend approval to
Allaire's stockholders, Allaire's board of directors also considered a number of
potentially negative factors concerning the merger. These factors included the
following:

     - The board considered the volatility of the trading price of Macromedia
       common stock, including the fact that the exchange ratio for the share
       consideration to be received by Allaire stockholders is

       fixed and will not increase in the event of a decline in the trading
       price of Macromedia common stock.

     - The board considered the risk that Macromedia will not successfully
       integrate the operations of the two companies or achieve the anticipated
       synergies of the combination, which might adversely affect the trading
       price of the Macromedia common stock received in the merger.

     - The board considered the possible effects of the public announcement of
       the merger on Allaire's sales and its relationships with its employees,
       suppliers and strategic partners.

     - The board considered that the termination fee and the stock option
       agreement negotiated by Macromedia could have the effect of deterring
       other potential acquirors from proposing an alternative transaction that
       might be more advantageous to Allaire stockholders. In determining the
       fairness of the merger to Allaire stockholders, the board took into
       account the size of the termination fee, the conditions to the exercise
       of the stock option agreement and the board's evaluation of the
       likelihood that another company would propose an alternative transaction
       even in the absence of the termination fee and the stock option
       agreement.

     In addition, Allaire's board of directors considered the interests that its
officers and directors may have with respect to the merger in addition to their
interests as Allaire stockholders. See " -- Interests of certain persons in the
merger" on page 38 for a more complete discussion of these interests.

     Allaire's board of directors evaluated these factors in light of their
knowledge of Allaire's business, Allaire's customers and partners, the market
for web design and development products, and their business judgment. In view of
the variety of factors and the amount of information considered, Allaire's board
of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify, rank or
otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered in
reaching its decision. The determination was made after consideration of all of
the factors taken as a whole. In addition, individual members of Allaire's board
of directors may have given different weights to different factors. The
foregoing discussions of the information and factors considered by Allaire's
board of directors are not intended to be exhaustive but are believed to include
all of the material factors considered by Allaire's board.

RECOMMENDATION OF ALLAIRE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     ALLAIRE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT,
THE MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
ALLAIRE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS BELIEVES THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER
ARE ADVISABLE, FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF ALLAIRE AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS
AND RECOMMENDS THAT ITS STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER.

     If the merger is not completed, Allaire intends to continue as an
independent public company and will continue to evaluate other strategic
transactions or alternatives to realize value for its stockholders.

OPINION OF ALLAIRE'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR