The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Mainspring Inc & IBM:
Background to the Merger

     Mainspring has regularly reviewed the professional services and information
technology markets and potential strategies, ranging from organic growth, to
partnering, to being acquired, that would enable it to enhance its performance
and maximize shareholder value.  At a regularly scheduled meeting on November
11, 2000, the Mainspring board discussed a number of economic and industry
conditions.  The Mainspring board authorized management to conduct discussions
of potential strategic transactions with third parties. In that regard,
Mainspring and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated had discussions with numerous
third parties regarding potential transactions over the preceding months.
In their efforts to enhance and grow their respective businesses, IBM and
Mainspring have held commercial discussions from time to time in recent years
concerning possible business relationships with each other.  Mainspring began
performing consulting services for IBM in 1999 and on October 26, 2000 IBM
entered into a Customer Solutions Agreement with Mainspring. Through March 31,
2001, IBM has paid approximately $1,205,000 to Mainspring for consulting
services. On November 2, 2000, Rosanne Mehales, Vice President, Industry
Programs, contacted John Connolly, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Mainspring, to set up a meeting between representatives of IBM and Mainspring.
The purpose of this meeting was to discuss the possibility of furthering the
strategic working relationships between IBM and Mainspring. On November 16,
2000, representatives of Mainspring and IBM, including Mr. Connolly and Ms.
Mehales, met in Somers, New York to discuss a potential partnership between
Mainspring and IBM.

     In late October 2000, Mainspring was contacted by an officer of a company
that develops eBusiness applications ("Party A") requesting a meeting to discuss
a potential partnership or acquisition of Mainspring. Mr. Connolly had prior
contacts with the officer of Party A in various business settings. Officers of
Mainspring met with officers of Party A on November 17 and 27, 2000. Mainspring
and Party A entered into a nondisclosure agreement on November 27, 2000
containing customary terms regarding the treatment of confidential information
furnished by the parties. At these meetings, representatives of each party
provided information about their businesses and discussed a potential
acquisition of Mainspring by Party A. On December 6, 2000, Mr. Connolly and Mark
Verdi, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance and Operations
of Mainspring, met in Boston with officers of Party A to discuss potential
synergies, integration and valuation ranges.
On December 11, 2000, the Mainspring board met telephonically with
representatives of Morgan Stanley and Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP,
Mainspring's outside counsel. Mr. Connolly and Mr. Verdi updated the directors
on discussions with third parties regarding potential partnerships and
acquisitions, including the valuation ranges discussed with Party A. Mr.
Connolly, Mr. Verdi and a representative of Morgan Stanley discussed the market
conditions and valuation factors affecting Mainspring and potential acquirors or
partners. A representative of Testa reviewed with the directors their fiduciary
duties in connection with the potential transactions. The Mainspring board
retained Morgan Stanley to advise Mainspring on its potential sale and
instructed Mr. Connolly to approach Party A and suggest a higher valuation range
than that previously discussed. After the meeting, Mr. Connolly called an
officer of Party A and was told that Party A would not be in a position to move
forward with a transaction until the middle of the first quarter of 2001 due to
issues internal to Party A. On December 13, 2000, the Mainspring board met
telephonically with representatives of Morgan Stanley and Testa. Mr. Connolly
updated the board on the status of the discussions with Party A and the board
determined that no further discussions should take place at that time with Party
A.
On November 16, 2000, Mr. Connolly and Mr. Verdi attended a dinner meeting
with a director of an information technology services company ("Party B") to
discuss a potential partnership or the acquisition of Mainspring.  A second
meeting was held at the offices of Party B on November 29, 2000, where Mr.
Connolly, Mr. Verdi and three other directors of Party B continued these
discussions. Mainspring and Party B entered into a nondisclosure agreement on
December 13, 2000, containing customary terms regarding the treatment of
confidential information furnished by the parties. On December 13, 2000, Party B
conducted an initial due diligence review of Mainspring in Boston, and on
December 15, 2000, Mr. Connolly and an officer of Party B discussed possible

valuation ranges and the difference in the ranges proposed by the parties. These
discussions did not result in any agreement on potential valuation ranges.

     On January 18, 2001, IBM and Mainspring entered into a nondisclosure
agreement containing customary terms and conditions regarding the treatment of
confidential information furnished by the parties.  On January 19, 2001,
representatives of Mainspring and IBM met in Detroit, Michigan.  Messrs.
Connolly and Verdi, as well as other officers of Mainspring, made presentations
regarding the capabilities and expertise of Mainspring.  Frank Roney, General
Manager, Business Innovation Services, Worldwide IBM Global Services, Tom Hawk,
General Manager, Business Innovation Services, Americas and Ms. Mehales then
discussed IBM Global Services and Business Innovation Services. At the end of
the meeting, it was agreed that Mr. Hawk and Mr. Roney would further consider
IBM's interest in Mainspring, all for the purpose of indicating to Mainspring a
price at which IBM might be interested in purchasing Mainspring, subject, among
other things, to due diligence.
On January 25, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Mainspring
board, Mr. Connolly updated the board regarding the status of discussions with
third parties concerning a potential business combination or other transaction.

     In late January and early February of 2001, members of Mainspring
management met with representatives of IBM to continue discussions regarding a
potential acquisition and to provide IBM additional information regarding the
intellectual capital and consulting capabilities of Mainspring.  On February 14,
2001, Mr. Connolly spoke with Mr. Roney and Mr. Roney indicated IBM was
continuing to analyze a potential acquisition. On February 23, 2001, Mr. Roney
informed Mr. Connolly that IBM was still considering a transaction.

     In February and March of 2001, Mainspring held discussions with several
parties regarding strategic opportunities and also received expressions of
interest from several parties who wished to discuss strategic opportunities.  On
February 19, 2001, Mr. Verdi met with officers of Party B to discuss potential
valuation ranges.  These discussions were not productive and there were no
further discussions with Party B with respect to an acquisition of Mainspring.
On February 21, 2001, Mr. Connolly met with officers of Party A. Party A
could not meet Mainspring's valuation range previously discussed in December
2000 in light of current market conditions and the decline in valuations within
the professional services industry. No further discussions were held between
Mainspring and Party A. In mid-February 2001, Mr. Connolly was also contacted by
investment bankers representing an information technology consulting company,
which is a subsidiary of a foreign company ("Party C"), to express Party C's
interest in a potential transaction with Mainspring. Mr. Connolly informed Party
C that Mainspring was considering strategic alternatives and that Party C would
have to move quickly in its decision-making process. Mr. Connolly had several
phone conversations with officers of Party C and representatives of its
investment bank in late February.

     IBM delivered an initial due diligence request list to Mainspring on March
5, 2001, and an initial term sheet on March 6, 2001. The term sheet contained a
general outline of the terms of an acquisition of Mainspring by IBM, including a
proposed, preliminary purchase price range of $4.00-$6.00 per share and a cash
merger structure, and was conditioned upon the satisfactory completion of due
diligence. On March 7, 2001, Mr. Connolly and Mr. Roney discussed timing for due
diligence and the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement.

     The Mainspring board met on March 7, 2001, to discuss the IBM term sheet
and the status of discussions with other parties, and the board authorized and
instructed management to continue discussions with IBM and to continue to
explore other potential transactions.

     On March 7, 2001, Mr. Connolly and Joe Gagnon, Senior Vice President of
Strategy Consulting of Mainspring, called officers of Party C and discussed the
businesses of both companies and a possible transaction. On March 13, 2001,
Mainspring and Party C entered into a nondisclosure agreement containing
customary terms regarding the treatment of confidential information furnished by
the parties. On March 15, 2001, representatives of Mainspring and Party C,
including Mr. Verdi and Mr. Gagnon, met to discuss Mainspring's business and a
potential acquisition. Party C gave a preliminary verbal indication of its
proposed valuation range. Party C indicated that a term sheet would contain more
detail, including a specific valuation range, and that the proposal, including
the preliminary valuation range, was, among other things, subject to the
satisfactory completion of due diligence.

     On March 9, 2001, Mr. Connolly met with Mr. Roney in Florida to discuss the
due diligence process for IBM, as well as potential integration issues and
financial matters. Mr. Hawk also participated in these discussions by telephone.
This meeting was followed by correspondence and during the week of March 12,
2001, IBM conducted a comprehensive due diligence review of Mainspring. The
diligence continued during the week of March 19 and on March 20, 2001 Mr. Hawk
met with Messrs. Connolly, Verdi and Gagnon in Boston.

     On March 23, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Mainspring
board, Mr. Connolly and Mr. Verdi discussed the preliminary financial results
and forecast of Mainspring with the board and provided an update on the status
of discussions with third parties regarding a potential business combination or
other transaction.

     On March 28, 2001, IBM delivered a revised term sheet to Mainspring, with a
bona fide offer of $4.00 per share in cash. The revised IBM offer was
conditioned upon obtaining satisfactory noncompetition agreements from
identified employees and obtaining agreements from stockholders holding at least
a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of Mainspring to vote in
favor of the proposed transaction.

     On the afternoon of March 29, 2001, the Mainspring board met telephonically
with representatives of Morgan Stanley and Testa. Mr. Connolly reviewed with the
Mainspring board the proposed term sheet from IBM, including the provisions
relating to the consideration to be paid to Mainspring stockholders and the
employee noncompetition agreements and retention plans. Mr. Connolly informed
the board that although a term sheet from Party C had been expected prior to the
meeting, it had not arrived and a more detailed term sheet was now expected to
arrive later that night. The board reviewed the relative status of the
discussions and due diligence with Party C and IBM, proposed timing and
valuation ranges, conditions and associated risks of the proposals. The board
expressed concern with Party C's seeming inability or unwillingness to move
decisively toward a conclusion. A representative of Morgan Stanley then
discussed the market conditions for Mainspring and its peer group and a
representative from Testa reviewed the fiduciary duties of the board in
considering the proposals. The board agreed to reconvene after receipt of the
term sheet from Party C.
Later in the afternoon on March 29, 2001, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Verdi and
representatives from Morgan Stanley had discussions with officers of Party C and
representatives from its investment bank concerning the proposed transaction,
particularly with respect to timing and valuation issues. The Mainspring
representatives once again informed Party C that Party C would have to move
quickly if it wanted to enter into an agreement with Mainspring.

     On the night of March 29, 2001, Party C delivered a term sheet to
Mainspring.  The proposal set forth in the term sheet was conditioned upon the
satisfactory completion of due diligence and contained a general outline of the
terms of an acquisition of Mainspring by Party C, including a proposed purchase
price range of $5.75 to $6.25 per share and cash as the consideration. The term
sheet also required that Mainspring enter into an exclusivity agreement with
respect to negotiations for a potential acquisition of Mainspring which would
have required Mainspring to terminate discussions with all other parties,
including IBM.
On March 30, 2001, the Mainspring board met telephonically with
representatives of Morgan Stanley and Testa. The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss the Party C term sheet and to review the status of discussions with IBM.
The board reviewed the principal provisions of the Party C term sheet, including
the exclusivity requirement, the requirement for employee noncompetition
agreements and the absence of any provisions regarding employee retention
proposals. Party C and other interested parties, including IBM, had previously
informed Mainspring that retention of a number of Mainspring's key employees
would be a condition to a potential transaction, and the absence of an employee
retention proposal from Party C, together with the uncertainty and associated
risk of retaining employees of Mainspring, was a matter of concern to the
Mainspring board. The board also reviewed the limited and preliminary nature of
the due diligence conducted to date by Party C and the refusal of Party C to
commence a more comprehensive due diligence process in the absence of an
exclusivity agreement. Mr. Connolly informed the board that Party C had
indicated that it needed at least a week to complete due diligence and that the
earliest it could commit to finalizing its offer was April 30, 2001. The Board
reviewed several critical elements of any transaction: the bona fide nature of
IBM's price offer versus the preliminary nature of Party C's price range, the
completion of comprehensive due diligence by IBM versus the limited and
preliminary nature of Party C's due diligence process, and the fact that Party
C's valuation range and its willingness to undertake a transaction with
Mainspring was subject to completion of more comprehensive due diligence. After
extensive discussion of these factors, the board determined that it was
unwilling to enter into an exclusivity agreement
at that time in light of the progress and status of the ongoing discussions with
IBM. The directors discussed the need to assess the probability and potential
timing of a successful transaction with Party C if Mainspring delayed responding
to the IBM offer and the risk that Mainspring could be left without either the
IBM or the Party C opportunity. A representative of Morgan Stanley presented an
update on the current status of the professional services market. The board
evaluated the Party C term sheet and reviewed the IBM proposal based on
valuation, timing, conditions and relative associated risks.

     After this meeting, Mr. Connolly informed an officer of Party C that
Mainspring was unable to enter into an exclusivity agreement and that timely
completion of due diligence was important if Party C wished to pursue a
transaction with Mainspring. An officer of Party C informed Mr. Connolly on
April 2, 2001, that Party C was unwilling at that time to conduct due diligence
without the exclusivity agreement. Mr. Connolly responded that while Mainspring
was unable at that time to enter into an exclusivity agreement, it was
interested in pursuing discussions on a timely basis. Mr. Connolly agreed to
meet with representatives of Party C on April 5, 2001, to continue discussions.
On April 3, 2001, representatives of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, IBM's
counsel, sent a draft merger agreement and draft stockholders agreement to
Testa. From April 3 through April 19, 2001, Testa, Cravath and representatives
of IBM and Mainspring held negotiations concerning the terms and conditions of
the proposed merger agreement and stockholders agreement, including negotiation
of the conditions to the proposed merger, the circumstances under which the
merger agreement could be terminated, the representations and warranties to be
made by IBM and Mainspring, the restrictions on the conduct of Mainspring during
the pendency of the merger and the terms of the noncompetition agreement to be
delivered by identified employees of Mainspring and the related retention
packages.

     On April 4, 2001, the Mainspring board met telephonically with
representatives of Morgan Stanley and Testa to review the material terms of
drafts received from IBM, the progress of the negotiations and Mr. Connolly's
scheduled meeting with Party C the next day.

     On April 5, 2001, Mr. Connolly met with representatives of Party C to
discuss the term sheet that Mainspring had received from Party C and other
matters relating to the potential transaction, including Party C's demand for an
exclusivity agreement and delay in conducting due diligence. After this meeting
Party C agreed to commence due diligence without an agreement regarding
exclusivity.