The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Learn2.com Inc & E-Stamp Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     In June 2000, E-Stamp engaged Credit Suisse First Boston to assist E-Stamp
in exploring potential strategic transactions.

     From June 2000 through March 2001, E-Stamp's executives and financial
advisors explored various financing alternatives and discussed potential
business combinations with numerous parties. During this period, E-Stamp's board
of directors met on fifteen occasions to review and discuss these potential
transactions.

     In October 2000, Learn2 engaged M. Kane & Company, Inc. and Dresdner
Kleinwort Wasserstein as its financial advisors. Learn2 authorized MK & Co. to
explore and evaluate strategic alternatives and extraordinary transactions and
DKW to explore and evaluate potential sources of equity financings.

     Following these engagements, representatives of CSFB, MK & Co. and DKW
contacted representatives of numerous parties that they believed might be
interested in pursuing a transaction with their respective clients. During this
time, Learn2 and E-Stamp became aware of each other.

     On February 8, 2001, Donald Schupak, Chairman of the Board of Learn2,
contacted Robert H. Ewald, President and Chief Executive Officer of E-Stamp, to
suggest that they consider a business combination involving E-Stamp and Learn2.
Mr. Schupak proposed that the combination be accomplished through a
stock-for-stock merger with Learn2 as the surviving company or an investment by
E-Stamp. Mr. Schupak did not make any specific proposals regarding the exchange
ratio in the merger and the board composition of the surviving corporation at
that time.

     On February 13, 2001, Messrs. Schupak, Ewald and Stephen P. Gott, President
and Chief Executive Officer of Learn2, had another conversation to discuss these
matters further and the growth strategies of Learn2 in the e-learning corporate
marketplace. In these discussions, Mr. Schupak continued to propose that Learn2
be the surviving corporation of any merger. There were no specific discussions
regarding the exchange ratio in the merger or the board composition of the
surviving corporation at that time.
During the week of February 19, 2001, the companies began consulting with
their financial and legal advisors about issues raised in the discussions among
their executives. E-Stamp retained Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, PC as its
legal counsel and Learn2 retained Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman, LLP as its
legal counsel. Working with their financial and legal advisors, E-Stamp and
Learn2 began conducting their due diligence investigations using publicly
available materials and began analyses of a possible combination. These
consultations continued throughout the remaining merger discussions.

     In addition to a business combination, Learn2 also contacted several
parties in connection with a possible equity financing and the possible sale of
certain of its assets. As a result of this process, Learn2 has attempted to sell
eTracks.com, Inc. for a purchase price in excess of $2 million in cash. Learn2
also commenced discussions with certain investors that raise capital for
companies to discuss an equity investment in Learn2 of approximately $5 to $10
million. The equity investment transaction could have resulted in the issuance
of at least 40 million shares of Learn2 common stock or common stock
equivalents. If these securities were issued it would have resulted in a
substantial dilution to Learn2 stockholders' percentage ownership. Over the next
several weeks, Learn2 negotiated the terms of an equity financing but no
transaction was ever consummated due to the investor's decision not to proceed
with the equity financing on the terms originally proposed to Learn2. Learn2's
negotiations with the investor terminated in April 2001.
Beginning in February 2001, Learn2 advised RGC International Investors,
LDC, the holder of Learn2's $10 million convertible debenture, of the status of
negotiations regarding a possible business combination or equity investment in
Learn2. Under the terms of the convertible debenture, Learn2 needed a waiver
from RGC to enter into a possible business combination or equity investment
without accelerating the redemption of the convertible debenture.
Representatives of Learn2 and RGC also discussed the redemption of the
convertible debenture. In addition, Learn2 discussed with RGC a waiver of
possible events of default under the convertible debenture, including Learn2's
covenants to maintain its listing on the Nasdaq National Market and file a
registration statement covering the shares of Learn2 common stock underlying the
convertible debenture following the reset of the conversion price of the
convertible debenture in March 2001.

     Over the next several weeks, representatives of Learn2 and RGC continued to
discuss the terms of the redemption of the convertible debenture. In connection
with the equity transaction described above, representatives of Learn2 and RGC
negotiated the redemption of the convertible debenture in exchange for six
million shares of Learn2 common stock and $4 million in cash.

     On February 21, 2001, Mr. Ewald discussed with Mr. Schupak a potential
business combination between E-Stamp and Learn2 in which E-Stamp stockholders
would receive a controlling interest in the combined company. Messrs. Ewald and
Schupak continued their discussion about a possible business combination,
elaborating on the benefits of the merger and the structure and implementation
of the merger.

     On February 27, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 discussed the
proposed merger, strategic rationale for a merger, the appropriate exchange
ratio and the governance and management structure of the resulting entity.

     On March 5, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 continued to discuss the
proposed business combination with E-Stamp. Mr. Schupak presented an update
regarding the status of negotiations with E-Stamp. The board of directors
authorized Learn2's management to continue its discussions with E-Stamp.

     On March 6, 2001, Mr. Schupak had a conversation with Robert J. Cresci, a
director of E-Stamp, concerning the rationale for the merger, the appropriate
exchange ratio and the governance and management structure of the resulting
entity. The discussions remained at a general level, and no agreement regarding
the specific terms of a possible merger was reached. Over the next month,
Messrs. Cresci and Schupak had periodic telephone conversations to discuss the
proposed combination.

     On March 7, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 continued to discuss the
proposed business combination with E-Stamp and principal terms of a transaction.

     On March 8, 2001, Mr. Schupak presented to Mr. Ewald a non-binding proposal
outlining the terms for a possible business combination between E-Stamp and
Learn2 in which Learn2 would be the surviving corporation. The terms of the
proposal included the issuance of Learn2 common stock to the holders of E-Stamp
common stock such that E-Stamp stockholders would receive 50.1% of the
outstanding stock of Learn2. During that meeting, no agreement was reached about
an appropriate exchange ratio.

     From March 8, 2001 to March 14, 2001, Mr. Ewald and Edward F. Malysz, Vice
President, General Counsel and Acting Chief Financial Officer of E-Stamp,
participated in discussions with representatives of CSFB and WSGR regarding the
Learn2 proposal.

     On March 10, 2001, Mr. Malysz had a conversation with Mr. Schupak, in which
Mr. Malysz reviewed with Mr. Schupak E-Stamp's concerns regarding a transaction
in which Learn2 stock would be issued to E-Stamp stockholders and Learn2 would
be the surviving corporation. These concerns focused on the liquidity of Learn2
stock. During that conversation, Mr. Schupak again raised the possibility of an
investment in Learn2 by E-Stamp.

     On March 13, 2001 Mr. Malysz presented Mr. Schupak with an alternative
structure in which E-Stamp would acquire Learn2 through the issuance of E-Stamp
common stock to Learn2 stockholders.

     On March 14, 2001, representatives of CSFB, E-Stamp, DKW, Learn2, WSGR and
SBSF participated in a telephone conference to discuss the alternative
structures for a transaction and the exchange ratio. The structure proposed by
E-Stamp in this meeting was that E-Stamp would acquire Learn2 through the
issuance of E-Stamp common stock to Learn2 stockholders, with Learn2
stockholders to hold an approximately 49.9% interest in E-Stamp. At this
meeting, the parties first discussed E-Stamp's directors retaining a majority
position on the board of directors of the surviving company. The meeting
concluded with no definitive agreement on terms of a possible business
combination.

     From March 14, 2001 to March 21, 2001, representatives of CSFB, E-Stamp,
DKW and Learn2 participated in additional conversations regarding a potential
transaction.

     On March 19, 2001, E-Stamp executed a non-disclosure agreement with Learn2.


     On March 20, 2001, Mr. Malysz presented to Mr. Schupak a non-binding
proposal outlining revised terms for a possible business combination between
E-Stamp and Learn2. Terms of that proposal included: a proposed merger in which
E-Stamp would be the surviving corporation; an exchange ratio in which Learn2
stockholders would receive approximately 49.9% of the stock in the combined
company; E-Stamp's designation of a majority of the members of the board of
directors of the combined company; and a convertible loan from E-Stamp to
Learn2. That proposal did not specifically discuss Learn2's $10 million
convertible debenture.

     On March 21, 2001, Michael M. Arons, Vice President and Controller of
Learn2, met with Mr. Malysz at E-Stamp's offices to engage in financial due
diligence on E-Stamp.

     On March 21, 2001, there was a special telephonic meeting of the board of
directors of E-Stamp, which included a discussion of a potential strategic
transaction or business combination with Learn2.

     From March 21, 2001 to March 22, 2001, E-Stamp, Learn2 and their financial
and legal advisors engaged in discussions regarding the March 20th E-Stamp
proposal, and the parties continued to negotiate the terms, valuation and
structure of a potential business combination.

     On March 22, 2001, Mr. Ewald and Roderick Witmond, then Vice President,
Business Development, of E-Stamp met at Learn2's offices in White Plains, New
York with Messrs. Schupak, Gott and Arons and with Marc E. Landy, Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Learn2, and Kevin Riley,
President, Learning Services Division of Learn2. At this meeting, Messrs. Ewald
and Witmond continued their diligence investigation on Learn2's business. On
that same day, representatives of E-Stamp also visited Learn2's facilities in
Pryor, Oklahoma and Golden, Colorado.

     On March 22, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 discussed the March
20th E-Stamp proposal. Learn2's legal counsel advised the board of directors of
its fiduciary obligations in considering a possible transaction with E-Stamp,
and reviewed with the Learn2 board the terms of the proposed merger and the
status of negotiations on those terms. The board of Learn2 asked questions of
Learn2's legal counsel, and a discussion ensued regarding open issues and
strategic alternatives.
During the evening of March 22, 2001, the parties agreed upon a revised
non-binding proposal to form the basis for the drafting of definitive
transaction documents. Terms of that revised proposal included that the
convertible loan from E-Stamp to Learn2 would be in the amount of $2 million and
that Learn2's obligation to close the merger would be contingent upon E-Stamp
having at least $13 million in available cash at the closing of the proposed
merger. The remaining terms and conditions of the revised proposal were
substantially the same as the March 20th E-Stamp proposal and did not
specifically discuss Learn2's $10 million convertible debenture. Legal counsel
for both parties began to prepare and negotiate the definitive agreements for
the transaction.

     On March 23, 2001, Mr. Schupak accompanied Mr. Ewald and representatives of
WSGR to a hearing regarding continued listing of E-Stamp common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market before the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel. At the
hearing, Mr. Ewald and Mr. Schupak responded to various questions from the
members of the panel regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed merger.

     On March 23, 2001, WSGR and SBSF exchanged legal due diligence request
lists concerning Learn2 and E-Stamp. From March 23, 2001 to March 26, 2001,
representatives of WSGR and SBSF conducted legal due diligence on Learn2 and
E-Stamp. During this time period, E-Stamp and CSFB met with representatives of
Learn2 and its financial advisor to conduct further business and financial
diligence on Learn2 and E-Stamp and Learn2 began to discuss the then existing
terms of Learn2's $10 million convertible debenture.
From March 23, 2001 to March 29, 2001, E-Stamp's and Learn2's executive
officers, legal counsel and other representatives held further discussions to
negotiate the terms of the proposed merger agreement and related documents,
including valuation, the terms of the loan from E-Stamp to Learn2, the terms of
the proposed voting agreements to be entered into by certain directors and
executive officers of E-Stamp and Learn2, the termination rights contained in
the proposed merger agreement, the conditions upon which any termination fees
would be payable and the amount of such fees, E-Stamp's and Learn2's respective
rights under the proposed merger agreement to consider and negotiate other
acquisition proposals in certain circumstances, the terms upon which Learn2's
$10 million convertible debenture would be redeemed and the representations,
warranties and covenants to be made by E-Stamp and Learn2. During this period,
E-Stamp's and Learn2's financial advisors had further discussions regarding
valuation issues, and representatives of E-Stamp and its legal advisors
conducted further due diligence on Learn2's business, prospects, strategy and
financial condition. In addition, representatives of Learn2 discussed the
redemption of the convertible debenture which had been negotiated between Learn2
and RGC in connection with the equity financing described above.
On March 25, 2001, there was a special telephonic meeting of the board of
directors of E-Stamp, which included a discussion of the proposed merger
agreement and related transactions. WSGR discussed the terms of the proposed
merger agreement and related transactions, including the termination rights
contained in the proposed merger agreement, the conditions upon which any
termination fees would be payable and the amount of such fees, and E-Stamp's and
Learn2's respective rights under the proposed merger agreement to consider and
negotiate other acquisition proposals in certain circumstances, and responded to
various questions raised by members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding
the proposed merger agreement and related transactions. Mr. Malysz reviewed with
the E-Stamp board of directors an executive summary of the terms of the proposed
merger agreement and related transaction, and responded to various questions
raised by members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding the terms of the
proposed merger agreement and related transaction. CSFB discussed its diligence
on Learn2, and responded to various questions from the E-Stamp board of
directors regarding its diligence on Learn2.
On March 26, 2001, there was a special telephonic meeting of the board of
directors E-Stamp, which included a discussion of the merger agreement and
related transactions. CSFB made a presentation to the E-Stamp board of directors
regarding the terms of the proposed merger and information concerning Learn2's
financial performance, and responded to various questions raised by members of
E-Stamp's board of directors regarding its presentation. After considering the
terms of the proposed transaction, which at that time included the redemption of
Learn2's $10 million convertible debenture in exchange for six million shares of
Learn2 common stock and $4 million in cash, the E-Stamp board of directors
determined that its advisors conduct further diligence on Learn2 and that
Learn2's management be invited to meet with the E-Stamp board of directors.

     On March 28, 2001, E-Stamp engaged Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin to render
an opinion to E-Stamp regarding the fairness of the proposed merger from a
financial point of view to E-Stamp stockholders.

     On March 29, 2001, there was a special meeting of the board of directors of
E-Stamp, which included a presentation by Messrs. Gott and Riley, regarding
Learn2's business, strategy and financial condition. CSFB discussed its
financial due diligence on Learn2, and responded to various questions raised by
members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding its diligence on Learn2. HLHZ
discussed its analysis of the merger, and responded to various questions raised
by members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding its analyses. WSGR
discussed its legal due diligence on E-Stamp, and responded to various