The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Aronex Pharmaceuticals Inc & Antigenics Inc:
BACKGROUND

     For some time, the board of directors and management of Aronex
Pharmaceuticals has believed that beneficial alliances or other partnership
arrangements with significant partners would provide it with important support
and leverage in its research and development efforts, including increased
financial and personnel resources with which to develop its product portfolio.
With this in mind, in March 2000, Aronex Pharmaceuticals entered into an
agreement with Robertson Stephens, Inc. pursuant to which Robertson Stephens was
engaged to provide Aronex Pharmaceuticals with financial advisory and investment
banking services in connection with Aronex Pharmaceuticals's exploration of
various strategic alternatives, including potentially the identification and
review of possible merger candidates for, and/or acquirers of, Aronex
Pharmaceuticals. As a result, Aronex Pharmaceuticals has been in the process of
evaluating companies with complementary technologies and products under
development that would provide a good fit with its own technologies as well as
companies with substantial additional resources with which to develop its
technologies.
In line with this strategy, Geoffrey F. Cox, Ph.D., Aronex
Pharmaceuticals's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, met with Garo H. Armen,
Ph.D., Antigenics's President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, in July
2000 as a result of an introduction by Robertson Stephens. Drs. Cox and Armen
discussed possible transactions between Aronex Pharmaceuticals and Antigenics.
As a result of these discussions, on July 24, 2000, Antigenics and Aronex
Pharmaceuticals entered into a confidentiality agreement to facilitate further
discussions, and subsequently, Antigenics commenced a due diligence review of
Aronex Pharmaceuticals's technologies, which included a meeting between Dr. Cox
and Elma Hawkins, Ph.D., Antigenics's Vice Chairman, at Aronex Pharmaceuticals's
The Woodlands, Texas office and a meeting between Anthony Williams, M.D., Aronex
Pharmaceuticals's Vice President, Medical Affairs, Pramod Srivastava, Ph.D., a
member of Antigenics's board of directors and chairman of Antigenics's
scientific advisory board, and Jonathan Lewis, M.D., Ph.D., Antigenics's Chief
Medical Officer, at Antigenics's New York City headquarters.

     Dr. Armen indicated that Antigenics was discontinuing negotiations with
Aronex Pharmaceuticals in September 2000. However, in January 2001, following
the receipt of the non-approval letter for ATRAGEN from the FDA as discussed in
"Business of Aronex Pharmaceuticals" above, Aronex Pharmaceuticals's board
requested that Robertson Stephens broaden its search for a potential acquirer of
Aronex Pharmaceuticals's business.

     As a result of this request, Robertson Stephens contacted additional
potential partners, and Antigenics expressed interest in acquiring Aronex
Pharmaceuticals. Overall, Robertson Stephens had discussions with a substantial
number of potential partners, and Aronex Pharmaceuticals's management made
presentations to twelve of those companies.

     In March 2001, Aronex Pharmaceuticals officers met with Antigenics officers
in New York City at which time Aronex Pharmaceuticals provided updated diligence
information with respect to its clinical programs and regulatory matters. On
March 19, 2001, Aronex Pharmaceuticals received a non-binding offer letter from
Antigenics to acquire Aronex Pharmaceuticals. After receiving this letter, Dr.
Cox contacted Dr. Armen to discuss the terms, and on March 28, 2001, the
directors of Aronex Pharmaceuticals held a board meeting at Antigenics's New
York headquarters in which Drs. Armen and Hawkins and Russell H. Herndon,
Antigenics's Chief Operating Officer, made presentations about Antigenics to the
Aronex Pharmaceuticals board.

     Following this board meeting, Antigenics provided a revised non-binding
offer letter to Aronex Pharmaceuticals dated April 6, 2001 which contained some
of the major terms of the proposed transaction. Following receipt of this
letter, Aronex Pharmaceuticals's board, with Robertson Stephens's assistance,
negotiated the major terms of the merger transaction.

     Following these initial negotiations, the parties negotiated and entered
into an exclusivity letter dated April 9, 2001 in which Aronex Pharmaceuticals
agreed to negotiate exclusively with Antigenics for a two week period. During
this period, Aronex Pharmaceuticals's board, with the assistance of its legal
counsel, Andrews & Kurth L.L.P., and Robertson Stephens, and Antigenics's
management, with the assistance of its legal counsel, Palmer & Dodge LLP,
negotiated the terms of the merger agreement and its related documents. The
parties finalized negotiations on April 20, 2001.
The Aronex Pharmaceuticals board of directors held the telephonic meeting
on April 20, 2001 at which representatives from Andrews & Kurth L.L.P. and
Robertson Stephens also participated. At the meeting, the board received a
presentation from Robertson Stephens regarding the financial terms of the
proposed transaction and the analysis undertaken by Robertson Stephens in
connection with its opinion. The board discussed generally the transaction and
also discussed other alternatives to the merger with Antigenics, including the
consequences of not undertaking the transaction and the benefits and
disadvantages of an alternative proposal that had been received by the board
prior to its negotiations with Antigenics. After consulting with both counsel
and its financial advisor, the board determined that the merger transaction with
Antigenics was the best course for Aronex Pharmaceuticals to undertake.

     The board then undertook a detailed review and discussion of the terms of
the proposed merger agreement and its related documents, and discussions
regarding the financial and other effects the proposed merger would have on
Aronex Pharmaceuticals stockholders. Robertson Stephens then delivered its oral
opinion to the board that the merger consideration in the proposed transaction
was fair to Aronex Pharmaceuticals's stockholders from a financial point of
view. See "Opinion of Aronex Pharmaceuticals's Financial Advisor" on page   .
After the presentations and discussions, Aronex Pharmaceuticals's board of
directors unanimously approved the merger and authorized the officers of Aronex
Pharmaceuticals to finalize and execute the merger agreement after Antigenics's
board of directors approved the transaction, subject to a review of the final
merger agreement and related documents by Dr. Cox and counsel.
The Antigenics board of directors held a telephonic meeting on April 22,
2001 at which attorneys from Palmer & Dodge LLP also participated. After a
review and discussion of the terms of the proposed merger agreement, and
discussions regarding the financial and other effects the proposed merger would
have on Antigenics's stockholders and employees, the Antigenics board of
directors unanimously approved the merger and authorized the officers of
Antigenics to finalize and execute the merger agreement.

     After Dr. Cox and counsel for Aronex Pharmaceuticals conducted a review of
the final merger agreement and related documents and Aronex Pharmaceuticals
received the written fairness opinion of Robertson Stephens, Aronex
Pharmaceuticals and Antigenics and its merger subsidiary executed and delivered
the definitive merger agreement after the close of business on April 23, 2001.

JOINT REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     The boards of directors of Antigenics and Aronex Pharmaceuticals have
determined that the combined company following the merger would have the
potential to realize long-term improved operating results and a stronger
competitive position. The boards of directors of Antigenics and Aronex
Pharmaceuticals have identified additional potential mutual benefits of the
merger that they believe will contribute to the success of the combined company.
These potential benefits include the following:

     - Antigenics may enhance its product pipeline, particularly by the addition
       of products in the late stages of FDA approval for the treatment of
       different types of cancer;

     - a possible more rapid path to commercialization for Aronex
       Pharmaceuticals's late stage products. Antigenics intends to apply its
       expertise in clinical development and regulatory review to accelerate
       these applications;

     - a diversification of technologies and product portfolio offerings;


     - the application of Antigenics's regulatory experience in the management
       of the earlier stage Investigational New Drug (IND) applications
       submitted by Aronex Pharmaceuticals;

     - greater financial resources allow Antigenics to better develop the Aronex
       Pharmaceuticals product candidates; and

     - an additional technology platform that could complement technologies
       already resident at Antigenics.

ARONEX PHARMACEUTICALS'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     The Aronex Pharmaceuticals board of directors has unanimously approved the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and has determined
that the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of, Aronex Pharmaceuticals
and its stockholders. In reaching its determination, the Aronex Pharmaceuticals
board consulted with Aronex Pharmaceuticals's management, as well as its legal
counsel and financial advisor, and considered the following material factors:

     - Aronex Pharmaceuticals's difficulty in raising additional capital to meet
       its ongoing commitments as well as its drug development goals;

     - Aronex Pharmaceuticals's inability to meet the continued listing
       requirements of the Nasdaq National Market and the current difficulty, in
       light of the recent FDA non-approval letter for ATRAGEN for APL, of
       raising sufficient capital to satisfy such requirements;

     - increased ability of the combined company to fund research and
       development of Aronex Pharmaceuticals's products;

     - the opportunity the merger affords Aronex Pharmaceuticals's stockholders
       to reduce their exposure to the risks inherent in Aronex
       Pharmaceuticals's reliance on a limited number of currently
       uncommercialized products;

     - the difficulties in competing against larger companies with greater
       financial resources;

     - the merger will allow holders of Aronex Pharmaceuticals common stock to
       retain an equity interest in the combined company, to achieve greater
       liquidity than could be achieved by continuing to hold Aronex
       Pharmaceuticals common stock, and to participate in the potential growth
       of Antigenics;

     - the board's belief that the exchange ratio fractions are favorable based
       upon the recent trading prices for Aronex Pharmaceuticals and Antigenics
       common stock;

     - the likelihood that the merger will be consummated, including the terms
       and conditions of the merger agreement, and the limited conditions to the
       consummation of the merger;

     - the oral opinion of Robertson Stephens delivered April 20, 2001
       (subsequently confirmed in a written opinion dated April 23, 2001) that
       as of such date and based on and subject to the assumptions, limitations,
       and qualifications referred to in the written opinion, the merger
       consideration was fair to holders of Aronex Pharmaceuticals common stock
       from a financial point of view. (Please see "Background and Reasons for
       the Merger -- Opinion of Aronex Pharmaceuticals's Financial Advisor");
       and

     - although the FDA recently rejected Aronex Pharmaceuticals's New Drug
       Application, or NDA, for ATRAGEN for APL, Aronex Pharmaceuticals's
       stockholders have the opportunity for recognizing additional
       consideration should the NDA be approved prior to July 6, 2002.

     The Aronex Pharmaceuticals board also considered the following potentially
negative material factors in its deliberations concerning the merger:

     - the loss of control over the future operations of Aronex Pharmaceuticals
       following the merger, and

     - the risk that the benefits sought to be achieved in the merger may not be
       achieved.

     After reviewing these potentially negative factors, the Aronex
Pharmaceuticals board concluded that they were outweighed by the positive
factors described above and accordingly determined that the merger is fair to,
and in the best interests of, Aronex Pharmaceuticals and its stockholders.

     In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Aronex
Pharmaceuticals board, it did not find it practicable to quantify, or otherwise
attempt to assign relative weights to, the specific factors considered in making
its determination. Consequently, the Aronex Pharmaceuticals board did not
quantify the assumptions and results of its analysis in reaching its
determination that the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of, Aronex
Pharmaceuticals and its stockholders.

     The Aronex Pharmaceuticals board unanimously recommends that Aronex
Pharmaceuticals stockholders vote "FOR" the proposal to approve and adopt the
merger agreement and approve the merger.

RECOMMENDATION OF ARONEX PHARMACEUTICALS'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     AFTER CAREFUL CONSIDERATION, ARONEX PHARMACEUTICALS'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY DETERMINED THE MERGER TO BE FAIR TO YOU AND IN YOUR BEST INTEREST.
ARONEX PHARMACEUTICALS'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS YOUR ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.


     In considering the recommendation of the Aronex Pharmaceuticals board of
directors with respect to the merger agreement, you should be aware that certain
directors and officers of Aronex Pharmaceuticals have certain interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to the interests of Aronex
Pharmaceuticals stockholders generally. Please see the section entitled
"Potential Conflicts and Interests of Aronex Pharmaceuticals Management in the
Merger" on page      of this proxy statement/prospectus.

OPINION OF ARONEX PHARMACEUTICALS'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Aronex Pharmaceuticals engaged Robertson Stephens to provide financial
advisory and investment banking services to it in connection with the proposed
merger, and to render an opinion as to the fairness of the "merger
consideration" in the proposed merger, from a financial point of view, to the
"holders of Aronex common stock." (See Annex C for a copy of the full opinion.)
For purposes of this section, "merger consideration" means the shares of
Antigenics common stock and the contingent value rights to be issued in the
merger. The "holders of Aronex common stock" was defined in Robertson Stephens's
written opinion letter to the board of directors of Aronex Pharmaceuticals,
dated April 23, 2001, as all holders of Aronex Pharmaceuticals common stock
other than Antigenics, Nasa Merger Corp. or any affiliates of Antigenics or Nasa
Merger Corp. or any holders of Aronex Pharmaceuticals common stock who are
officers or directors (or who have representatives serving as directors) of
Aronex Pharmaceuticals.
On April 20, 2001, at a meeting of Aronex Pharmaceuticals's board held to
evaluate the proposed merger, Robertson Stephens delivered to Aronex
Pharmaceuticals's board its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in a written
opinion dated as of April 23, 2001, that as of that date and based on the
assumptions made, matters considered and the limitations on the review
undertaken described in the written opinion, the merger consideration in the
proposed merger was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of Aronex
common stock. The merger consideration was determined through negotiations
between the respective managements of Aronex Pharmaceuticals and Antigenics.
Although Robertson Stephens did assist the management of Aronex Pharmaceuticals
in those negotiations, it was not asked by, and did not recommend to, Aronex
Pharmaceuticals that any specific merger consideration constituted the
appropriate merger consideration for the merger.

     You should consider the following when reading the discussion of the
opinion of Aronex Pharmaceuticals' financial advisor in this document:

     - We urge you to read carefully the entire opinion of Robertson Stephens,
       which is set forth in Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus and is
       incorporated by reference. The following description of the Robertson
       Stephens opinion is qualified by reference to the full opinion located in
       Annex C. The full opinion sets forth, among other things, the assumptions
       made, the matters considered and the limitations on the review undertaken
       by Robertson Stephens.

     - The Robertson Stephens opinion was prepared for the information of Aronex
       Pharmaceuticals's board in connection with its evaluation of the merger
       and does not constitute a recommendation to

       the stockholders of Aronex Pharmaceuticals as to how they should vote, or
       take any other action, with respect to the merger.


     - The Robertson Stephens opinion did not address the relative merits of the
       merger and the other business strategies that Aronex Pharmaceuticals's
       board has considered or may be considering, nor does it address the
       decision of Aronex Pharmaceuticals's board to proceed with the merger.

     - The Robertson Stephens opinion was necessarily based upon market,
       economic and other conditions that were in effect on, and information
       made available to Robertson Stephens as of, the date of the opinion. You
       should understand that subsequent developments may affect the conclusion
       expressed in the Robertson Stephens opinion, and that Robertson Stephens
       disclaims any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any
       change in any matter affecting its opinion which may come or be brought
       to Robertson Stephens's attention after the date of its opinion.

     - The Robertson Stephens opinion was limited to the fairness, from a
       financial point of view and as of the date thereof, of the merger
       consideration in the merger to the holders of Aronex common stock.

  Opinion and Analysis of Robertson Stephens

     In connection with the preparation of the Robertson Stephens opinion,
Robertson Stephens:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       business and financial information of Aronex Pharmaceuticals and
       Antigenics, respectively;



     - reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
       operating data, including certain financial forecasts and other forward
       looking information, concerning Aronex Pharmaceuticals prepared by the
       management of Aronex Pharmaceuticals;

     - reviewed with Antigenics certain publicly available estimates of research
       analysts relating to Antigenics;

     - held discussions with the respective managements of Aronex
       Pharmaceuticals and Antigenics concerning the businesses, past and
       current operations, financial condition and future prospects of both
       Aronex Pharmaceuticals and Antigenics, independently and combined,
       including discussions with the managements of Aronex Pharmaceuticals and
       Antigenics concerning their views regarding the strategic rationale for
       the merger;

     - reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in drafts, dated
       April 20, 2001, of the merger agreement, the form of contingent value
       rights agreement and the stockholder voting agreements;

     - reviewed the stock price and trading history of Aronex Pharmaceuticals
       common stock and Antigenics common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of Antigenics and the prices and
       trading activity of Antigenics common stock with that of certain other
       publicly traded companies comparable with Antigenics;

     - compared the financial performance of Aronex Pharmaceuticals with that of
       certain other publicly traded companies comparable with Aronex
       Pharmaceuticals;