The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Focal Inc & Genzyme Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    Genzyme and Focal have had a business relationship with each other for
several years. In October 1999, Focal and Genzyme entered into a marketing and
distribution agreement pursuant to which Genzyme Biosurgery has exclusive
marketing and distribution rights to Focal's surgical sealant products for lung
surgery, cardiovascular surgery and gastrointestinal surgery in North America.
At the same time, Genzyme entered into a stock purchase agreement with Focal,
pursuant to which Genzyme has purchased 3,851,806 shares of Focal common stock
representing approximately 22% of Focal's outstanding capital stock. At Focal's
option, Genzyme may be required to make one additional $5.0 million investment.
For a description of the marketing and distribution agreement and the stock
purchase agreement, see "MATERIAL CONTRACTS BETWEEN GENZYME AND FOCAL" on page
  .

    Since its inception, Focal has incurred substantial net losses and has
funded its operations primarily through the private placement of equity
securities and through its initial public offering of common stock. In addition,
Focal has entered into strategic alliances with corporate partners. Throughout
2000, the Focal board of directors and management considered potential strategic
alternatives to secure continued funding without success. At the same time,
sales of FocalSeal-Registered Trademark--L surgical sealant for lung surgery
indications in Europe through Focal's strategic marketing alliance with Ethicon
were below anticipated levels. While Focal launched FocalSeal-Registered
Trademark--L sealant for lung surgery indications in North America in July 2000
through its marketing partner, Genzyme Biosurgery, revenues from such sales have
not been sufficient to alter Focal's need for a significant capital infusion in
the near term.
At the September 21, 2000 quarterly meeting, the Focal board of directors
directed management to recommend an investment banker to assist Focal in
exploring strategic alternatives, including a sale of the company.

    On October 3, 2000, at the request of Robert J. DePasqua, he and John
Connolly, Executive Vice President of Genzyme Biosurgery, met at Genzyme's
offices. Mr. DePasqua reviewed with Mr. Connolly the state of Focal's business
and discussed a possible acquisition of Focal by Genzyme.

    On October 20, 2000 at a meeting of the Focal board of directors,
Mr. DePasqua reported on Focal's progress in selecting a financial advisor and
apprised the board of the status of discussions with Genzyme regarding a
potential merger. At a meeting of the compensation committee of the Focal board
of directors held the same day, the committee approved changes to the
compensation and bonus arrangements, options, separation benefits and other
arrangements with senior management in connection with retention of key
employees. For a more detailed discussion of the interests of Focal management,
see "BACKGROUND AND REASONS FOR THE MERGER--Interests of Focal Management in the
Merger" on page       of this proxy statement/prospectus.
In late October and early November 2000, representatives of Focal spoke with
Wayne Pambianchi at The Sage Group, a health care strategic consulting firm,
concerning Focal's present circumstances and future prospects. The Sage Group
presented its credentials, experience and capabilities. On November 14, 2000,
Focal engaged The Sage Group to provide services relating to Focal's strategic
options, including the sale or merger of Focal. The basis for this selection was
The Sage Group's knowledge of Focal, its technology, products, and markets, as
well as The Sage Group's reputation, background and experience in the industry.
With The Sage Group's assistance, Focal prepared a descriptive memorandum which
was distributed to companies identified by The Sage Group which might be
interested in a strategic investment in or acquisition of Focal, including,
large, small and mid-capitalization providers of medical devices, drug delivery
systems, pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products, and wound management
products. From December 2000 through early April 2001, representatives of The
Sage Group contacted approximately 46 such companies regarding a

potential acquisition of Focal's business and had preliminary discussions with
approximately 15 of these companies.

    Despite these efforts, only two companies, including Genzyme, made a site
visit and only Genzyme made an acquisition proposal. Focal believes that
contacted parties did not submit offers for a number of reasons, including
concerns about Focal's business fundamentals, market conditions, and the
relationship with Genzyme, including the terms of the exclusive marketing and
distribution agreement, Genzyme's ownership position and the negotiation and
other rights under the stock purchase agreement.
From December 2000 through March 2001, Messrs. Connolly, DePasqua, Rudowsky,
Pambianchi, and Earl Collier, President of Genzyme Biosurgery, engaged in a
series of exploratory, non-binding discussions relating to a possible business
combination between the parties. Focal management informally briefed the Focal
board from time to time concerning these discussions. These meetings became more
frequent following February 27, 2001 when Focal management decided, based on
results to date from the strategic alternatives initiative, to focus more
deliberately on a transaction with Genzyme.

    On January 23, 2001, Mr. DePasqua and Mr. Rudowsky provided a detailed
report to the board of directors on the activities of The Sage Group with
respect to potential acquisition transactions. At this meeting, the board and
members of Focal's management considered and discussed strategic alternatives
for the company in lieu of a sale of the business, including a spin out of
Focal's research-stage assets for applications outside of the field of surgical
sealants into a separately-financed independently operated company. The Focal
board did not pursue any of these alternatives because it believed a sale of the
company would provide superior value to stockholders and would be more likely to
succeed.

    On January 25, 2001, Focal announced a major restructuring of the Focal
board of directors and management. Mr. DePasqua was elected Chairman of the
Board and Mr. Rudowsky was appointed Focal's President and Chief Executive
Officer and was elected to the Focal board of directors. Two Focal directors
also resigned. Focal also publicly announced that it had retained the services
of The Sage Group to investigate potential strategic alternatives.

    On January 31, 2001, Focal's independent auditors delivered their report on
Focal's financial statements for 2000, including a statement that Focal's
recurring losses and net capital deficiency raised substantial doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

    On February 16, 2001, Messrs. Pambianchi, DePasqua, Rudowsky, and Jarrett
met with representatives of another potential bidder to discuss its interest in
acquiring Focal's business.

    On March 7, 2001, Mr. Pambianchi, Mr. Collier, Mr. Connolly and Thomas
Mathers, Vice President of Genzyme Biosurgery, met to discuss the structure,
value and timing of a possible acquisition of Focal by Genzyme, as well as
Focal's options in the event Genzyme did not make an offer. During this meeting,
Mr. Collier indicated that while the acquisition of Focal was of interest to
Genzyme, various factors limited the magnitude of an offer that Genzyme could
make, including the combined effects of the financial markets, Genzyme's
previous $15 million investment in Focal common stock, the imminent need to
write down part of this investment, the necessity of making significant
additional investments following an acquisition to achieve profitability for
Focal's business and other factors. Mr. Collier suggested that an acquisition
involving shares of Biosurgery Stock would make sense for Genzyme and would
provide Focal shareholders increased liquidity and meaningful upside potential.
The parties also discussed Genzyme's negotiation rights under the stock purchase
agreement.

    On March 13, 2001, Mr. Pambianchi spoke to Mr. Connolly by telephone
regarding the possibility of Genzyme relinquishing, sharing, or selling its
rights to FocalSeal, to facilitate a possible transaction with another party.
Mr. Connolly rejected these ideas. Mr. Pambianchi and Mr. Connolly again
discussed the merits of an acquisition of Focal by Genzyme. Subsequent to this
discussion,

Mr. Pambianchi also spoke to Mr. Connolly about allowing reductions in Focal's
sales force required under the marketing and distribution agreement, in order to
reduce Focal's expenses. Mr. Pambianchi kept Focal management apprised of
developments throughout these discussions.

    On March 15, 2001, at a meeting of the Focal board of directors,
Mr. Pambianchi reviewed several strategic alternatives available to Focal in
lieu of a sale of the business. Messrs. DePasqua, Rudowsky and Pambianchi also
apprised the board of the status of discussions with Genzyme concerning a
potential acquisition. Later the same day, Mr. Pambianchi, Mr. Rudowsky,
Mr. Connolly and Mr. Collier met at Genzyme's offices to discuss research
collaborations as well as the reduction of number of the Focal sales specialists
required under the marketing and distribution agreement.

    On March 16, 2001, Mr. Connolly contacted Mr. Rudowsky and Mr. Pambianchi
and indicated that Genzyme management believed that it could recommend to
Genzyme's board of directors an acquisition of Focal providing for the exchange
of 0.1133 of a share of Biosurgery Stock for each outstanding share of Focal
common stock. The management of Focal considered the offer and determined that
it could not recommend the offer to the Focal board of directors.

    On March 26, 2001, representatives of another potential acquiror met with
Mr. Jarrett, Mr. Bromander and Mr. Rudowsky at Focal's headquarters.

    On March 27, 2001, Mr. Pambianchi, Mr. Connolly and Mr. Rudowsky met to
discuss the status of the marketing and distribution agreement. During this
meeting, the parties further discussed the merits of a merger.

    On April 2, 2001, Mr. Connolly contacted Mr. Rudowsky by telephone and
indicated that Genzyme management would recommend to Genzyme's board of
directors a transaction providing for the exchange of 0.1545 of a share of
Genzyme Biosurgery for each outstanding share of Focal common stock.
Mr. Rudowsky called Mr. DePasqua and advised him of the conversation.
Mr. DePasqua then called Mr. Connolly to review the offer and request a written
proposal.

    On April 3, 2001, Genzyme management submitted to Focal a letter outlining
the terms for a potential acquisition, together with a proposed form of
exclusivity agreement. On April 3 and April 4, 2001, Messrs. Pambianchi,
DePasqua and Rudowsky reviewed Genzyme's letter and informally apprised
directors of its terms. Focal management considered the terms of the letter and
determined that the letter could serve as the basis for an acceptable
transaction.

    On April 4, 2001, the parties finalized and executed an agreement providing
Genzyme with an exclusivity period of ten days for the parties to evaluate a
business combination. The parties also finalized and executed a non-disclosure
agreement, and Genzyme's counsel, Palmer & Dodge LLP delivered a draft merger
agreement to Focal's counsel, Hale and Dorr LLP.

    On April 6, 2001, the other potential acquiror notified Focal that it would
not make a proposal for an acquisition.

    On April 10, 2001, Focal engaged Stephens Inc., an investment banking firm,
to render an opinion to the Focal board of directors concerning the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the proposed transaction. The basis for this
selection was prior experience with the firm, as well as its reputation,
background and experience in the industry. During the period from April 10, 2001
to April 25, 2001, Stephens Inc. met with members of Focal's management team to
evaluate the business. In addition, Stephens Inc. visited Genzyme on April 16,
2001 to review its business.

    Between April 5, 2001 and April 25, 2001, representatives from Genzyme and
Focal, and their respective legal counsel, engaged in a series of discussions to
negotiate the terms and conditions of the definitive merger agreement and
related documentation. In addition, a letter agreement was drafted which, among
other things, modified the rights and obligations under the existing stock
purchase and distribution and marketing agreements between the parties.
Throughout this period, both parties and

their legal, financial and accounting advisors conducted a detailed due
diligence review of the other party's business, financial condition and
operations.

    In early April, Focal received a letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market stating
that Nasdaq had determined that Focal no longer met the net tangible asset
requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq National Market and that,
therefore, Nasdaq would review Focal's eligibility for continued listing. Focal
subsequently submitted to Nasdaq a plan relating to compliance with the net
tangible asset requirement. In a separate letter dated April 19, 2001, Nasdaq
informed Focal that Focal had failed to meet the minimum bid requirement of
$1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days. The letter stated that Focal would have
until July 18, 2001 to demonstrate compliance by trading at or above $1.00 for
ten consecutive trading days. The letter indicated that Nasdaq would deliver
written notification of its determination to delist Focal common stock from The
Nasdaq National Market if Focal is unable to achieve compliance with the minimum
bid price on or before July 18, 2001. In a letter dated May 14, 2001, Nasdaq
informed Focal that based upon Focal's planned acquisition by Genzyme, Nasdaq
had determined to grant Focal an extension of time with respect to de-listing.
The extension is conditioned upon closing the merger with Genzyme on of before
August 31, 2001. At the effective time of the merger, Focal must request
delisting of its common stock from The Nasdaq National Market.
On April 16, 2001, the full Focal board of directors held a special meeting
to consider the terms of the proposed transaction. Representatives of
Stephens Inc. and Hale and Dorr LLP also participated. Mr. Rudowsky and
Mr. DePasqua gave an update on the state of the business and described the
history of the search for a strategic investor or acquiror. Mr. DePasqua also
stated that earlier that day he had spoken with Mr. Collier in an effort to
obtain an increase in the exchange ratio without success. It was noted that
Focal's anticipated expenditures would exhaust its existing capital resources,
including the final $5 million investment from Genzyme, by year end, and that no
source of additional capital or alternative acquiror had been identified.
Representatives of Stephens then reviewed its preliminary financial analysis of
the proposed transaction. Representatives of Hale and Dorr LLP then made a
presentation concerning the significant terms of the merger agreement, the
voting agreement to be entered into by several institutional stockholders of
Focal, the terms of the letter agreement modifying the stock purchase agreement
with Genzyme, and a proposed amendment to Focal's preferred shares rights
agreement. Hale and Dorr LLP also reviewed the obligations of the directors
under Delaware law in considering the proposed transaction. The Focal board of
directors discussed various issues relating to the proposed business
combination, including the terms of the merger and the associated risks and
merits. In addition, the implications of the potential delisting from The Nasdaq
National Market of Focal common stock, including the potential elimination of
Genzyme's obligation to fund the final $5.0 million under the stock purchase
agreement, and the interaction of the agreements with Genzyme and the merger
agreement and voting agreement, were discussed. The interests of members of the
Focal board and management in the merger, including bonus and severance
arrangements, were also considered.
Between April 16 and April 24, 2001, the parties and their respective legal
counsel continued to negotiate the terms of the proposed merger agreement and
related agreements. The parties continued to conduct due diligence. On
April 17, 2001, the parties agreed to extend the exclusivity period through
April 27, 2001.

    On April 24, 2001, the full Focal board of directors held a special meeting
to consider the terms of the proposed transaction. In addition, representatives
of Stephens Inc. and Hale and Dorr LLP participated. Focal management reported
on the status of the merger negotiations with Genzyme. Representatives of
Stephens Inc. then presented their financial analyses with respect to the
proposed business combination with Genzyme, and delivered its oral opinion that,
as of such date and based upon and subject to certain assumptions and matters
set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.1545 is fair from a financial
point of view to the holders of Focal common stock, other than directors,
officers and employees of Focal, and Genzyme and its affiliates. This opinion
was confirmed in a letter
subsequently delivered by Stephens Inc., a copy of which is attached to this
proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B. Additionally, a representative of Hale
and Dorr LLP reviewed the significant terms of the merger agreement, the voting
agreement, the letter agreement and a proposed amendment to Focal's preferred
shares rights agreement and summarized the board's fiduciary duties in
connection with the proposed transaction. Following the presentations and
further discussions, the Focal board unanimously determined that the merger
agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, are advisable, fair and in
the best interests of, Focal and its stockholders, unanimously adopted and
approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and
unanimously recommended that stockholders of Focal approve the merger agreement.
The Focal board also approved the indemnification arrangements with several
Focal officers.

    On April 25, 2001, following final negotiations, the merger agreement, the
letter agreement and the voting agreement were executed. Prior to the opening of
trading on April 26, 2001, Genzyme and Focal issued a press release announcing
the execution of the merger agreement.

FOCAL'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    In reaching its determination to approve the merger, the merger agreement,
the letter agreement and the related transactions, the Focal board of directors
considered a number of factors in addition to those described above. The
following summarizes the material factors that the Focal board of directors
considered: