The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between MedPlus Inc & Quest Diagnostics Inc:
Background of the merger

Since inception in 1991, we have funded our operations, working capital needs and capital expenditures
primarily through a combination of cash generated by operations, the sale of our operating assets, debt
financing, offerings of our common stock to the public and other private equity financing arrangements.
Over the past few years, our net cash outlays have exceeded our ability to generate cash through
operations resulting in the need to obtain additional working capital.  Our sales of systems and our
revenues have been negatively impacted by our customers' concerns about our financial condition.
Further, our software development efforts, the development of new products and our eHealth business,
and the expansion of our marketing, sales and customer support staff, among other aspects of our
strategy, will require significant expenditures over the next several years.  Those considerations have led
to various transactions which have culminated in the merger.
Our relationship with Quest Diagnostics began in 1998. For the past three years, Quest Diagnostics has
been a customer of MedPlus for our OptiMaxx product and more recently, for our eHealth business.  On
June 19, 2000, we entered into a stock subscription agreement with Quest Diagnostics Ventures LLC, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Quest Diagnostics, pursuant to which Quest Diagnostics Ventures provided
approximately $9.5 million in equity financing to MedPlus. In addition to the equity financing received
by MedPlus, Richard Mahoney, our Chief Executive Officer, sold to Quest Diagnostics Ventures 100,000
shares of MedPlus common stock. In total, Quest Diagnostics Ventures acquired 1,918,465 shares of
common stock, representing 18.4% of our voting stock. We also issued Quest Diagnostics Ventures a
warrant to purchase a total of 2,884,513 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $5.73 per
share.  The exercise price for the warrants is subject to certain antidilution provisions related to the future
issuance of MedPlus common stock and convertible securities.  The proceeds were utilized to fund
working capital and investing activities and to repay certain subordinated debentures. The stock
subscription agreement provides that so long as Quest Diagnostics Ventures remains the holder of at least
10% of the common stock of MedPlus, MedPlus is obligated to use its best efforts to maintain a designee
of Quest Diagnostics Ventures as a member of the MedPlus board of directors.  In conjunction with the
equity financing agreement, we also executed a national sales and marketing agreement with Quest
Diagnostics.
In the late summer and fall of 2000, our management determined that the equity financing received from
Quest Diagnostics and our future revenues would not be sufficient to satisfy our future cash
requirements.  Therefore, the board of directors authorized management to investigate various
alternatives to further our corporate strategy, including debt financing, private equity financing,
exclusivity arrangements with existing clients and the sale of all or parts of MedPlus.  Management
contacted various parties to evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of each alternative.

After engaging in discussions with several financial institutions, our management concluded that senior
debt financing was not  feasible due to our history of operating losses and negative cash flow.  Potential
equity investors expressed similar concerns in our discussions.  Other concerns identified by such
investors included the lack of liquidity of our common stock and the depressed healthcare information
technology market.
In December 2000, we executed an agreement with a private investment fund for an equity line of credit
of up to $15 million. The term of the agreement is 36 months, commencing on the effective date of the
Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2000. The
agreement allows MedPlus, at our sole discretion, and subject to certain restrictions, to periodically sell
or put shares of our common stock to the fund.  Only one draw down can be made in each draw down
pricing period (22 consecutive trading days).  There must be seven trading days between draw down
pricing periods.  Puts can be made in amounts ranging from $100,000 to $1,000,000, subject to aggregate
minimum puts of $500,000 over the life of the agreement.  The amount of a put may be limited by the 45
previous day weighted average price multiplied by the 45 previous day total trading volume multiplied by
10%.  At the time of each put, the fund receives a discount of up to 12% from the then current average
market price, as determined under the agreement. The private investment fund is not required to purchase
more than 10% of the outstanding shares of MedPlus common stock.  Pursuant to the agreement, we also
issued the fund warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at an agreed upon price per share.
Those warrants have a three-year life.
Because of the limitations on the amount of money that could be funded through the equity line of credit,
management determined in early 2001 that the equity line of credit from the private investment fund
would be insufficient to meet our working capital needs. In addition, our management advised the board
of directors at a meeting on March 12, 2001 that we would receive an opinion related to our January 31,
2001 financial statements from our independent auditors KPMG LLP with respect to the ability of
MedPlus to continue as a going concern, if we did not obtain additional sources of funding to assure
KPMG LLP that we could fund our cash needs through at least February 1, 2002.  Receipt of a going
concern opinion would have major implications on our ability to sell our products and maintain good
customer relations in the future.

Our management entered into discussions with Quest Diagnostics with respect to the possible sale of
MedPlus in January 2001.  After initial discussions, Quest Diagnostics assembled a team to conduct
technical and financial due diligence.  The team reviewed our business strategy, customers, products,
forecasts and other matters.  Quest Diagnostics conducted its due diligence review through March 2001.

At the same time as Quest Diagnostics was conducting due diligence, management continued to engage
in discussions with other parties and to evaluate alternative financing arrangements.  However,
management concluded that the potential alternatives would be highly dilutive to our current
shareholders and would not satisfy our financing needs.
On March 29, 2001, our management and legal counsel met with representatives of Quest Diagnostics to
discuss whether Quest Diagnostics would be interested in acquiring MedPlus and if so, the terms of such
acquisition.  The parties discussed several substantive issues, including the price to be paid in a possible
transaction and the ability of Quest Diagnostics to provide MedPlus with interim financing prior to the
closing.  During the meeting, Quest Diagnostics indicated that it would not be willing to proceed with the
proposal unless the principal shareholders of MedPlus, including Mr. Mahoney and the holder of our
outstanding preferred stock, agreed to enter into a voting agreement to support the proposal.  Following
the meeting, Quest Diagnostics discussed the terms of the possible transaction and the voting agreement
with two of our shareholders, Ed Samek and Edward Cahill.  Based on those discussions, on April 1,
2001, the executive committee of the board of directors of Quest Diagnostics approved the making of a
preliminary non-binding written proposal and on that same day, Quest Diagnostics submitted such
proposal, which was subject to approval by our board of directors, to acquire all of the outstanding shares
of our common stock and preferred stock not already owned by Quest Diagnostics at a price of $2.00 per
share in cash.  The proposal contemplated that the transaction would be structured as a merger and that
certain shareholders would enter into a voting agreement with Quest Diagnostics in which such
shareholders would agree to vote their shares in favor of the merger.  Quest Diagnostics also proposed a
revolving secured credit agreement pursuant to which we would have the right to borrow up to
$5,000,000 from Quest Diagnostics.  Finally, the proposal provided for an exclusivity period through
April 9, 2001.
On April 1, 2001, our board of directors authorized the acceptance of the proposal and we and Quest
Diagnostics entered into negotiations with respect to definitive transaction documents, including a
merger agreement, voting agreement, credit agreement and security agreement.  On April 2, 2001, we
issued a press release publicly announcing that we had entered into merger discussions with Quest
Diagnostics. On April 2, 2001, we contacted KPMG Consulting to evaluate and consider the fairness of
the proposal to our shareholders.  KPMG Consulting issued a written opinion dated April 15, 2001 that
the proposal was fair to our public shareholders from a financial point of view. 

On April 15, 2001, the board of directors met to discuss the merger and the transaction documents.  After
considering the KPMG Consulting opinion and the other alternatives available to MedPlus and our
shareholders, the board of directors, with one director excused because he is also the chief executive
officer and a director of Quest Diagnostics, determined that the merger is consistent with and in
furtherance of a long-term business strategy of MedPlus and fair to, and in the best interests of, MedPlus
and our shareholders.  Therefore, the board of directors approved the merger agreement and related
documents and authorized all actions necessary to complete the merger.

We executed definitive transaction documents on April 25, 2001 and a press release was issued the next
day to that effect.  Since the beginning of our discussions with Quest Diagnostics, including the period
after the date of the first press release, no third party has made any contact with us with respect to any
alternative proposal or transaction.

Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Board of Directors

In reaching its determination to approve the merger agreement and recommend the approval and adoption
of the merger agreement by the shareholders, the board of directors consulted with management, legal
counsel and KPMG Consulting and considered the following material factors in support of the board's
recommendation:

-  the long-term interests of MedPlus and our shareholders, as well as the interests of our employees,
customers, and creditors;

-  our current and historical financial condition, results of operations and resources, including our cash
requirements and the need to supplement our current equity line of credit;

-  our projected financial condition, results of operations, prospects and strategic objectives in the
healthcare information technology market, as well as the risks involved in achieving those objectives
given the current economic and market conditions;

-  the efforts conducted by management in exploring alternative transactions and the feasibility of such
transactions;

-  the likelihood of the existence of other viable purchasers on terms as favorable as those in the merger
agreement;

-  the written opinion of KPMG Consulting delivered to the board that, as of the date of such opinion, the
cash offer of $2.00 per share of common stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to our public
shareholders.  The full text of the opinion of KPMG Consulting, which sets forth the assumptions made,
matters considered and extent of review by KPMG Consulting is attached as Appendix C and should be
read carefully in its entirety;

-  the relative lack of trading volume in our common stock;

-  the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and the course of negotiations resulting in the
execution of the merger agreement;


-  the requirement that certain shareholders agree to vote their shares of common stock and preferred
stock in favor of the merger agreement and the merger and against any alternative transaction and to
grant Quest Diagnostics an irrevocable proxy in such regard;

-  the likelihood that the merger would be consummated, including the likelihood of satisfying the
conditions to completing the merger contained in the merger agreement and the risks to MedPlus if the
merger were not consummated;

-  the experience, reputation and financial condition of Quest Diagnostics; and

-  the recommendation of management with respect to the merger.

The board of directors did not receive a quantitative analysis of the factors listed above.  However, the
board of directors concluded that the anticipated benefits of the merger outweighed the possible
detriments.

This discussion is not intended to be exhaustive but includes the material information and factors
considered by the board of directors in its consideration of the merger.  The board of directors did not
believe that there were any material negative factors inherent in the merger agreement and the merger
contemplated thereby when compared to the alternatives available to MedPlus.  In view of the wide
variety of factors considered, the board of directors did not assign relative weights to the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination.  The determination was made after consideration of all of the
factors as a whole.  In addition, individual members of the board of directors may have given different
weights to different factors.
The board of directors, with one director excused because he is also the chief executive officer and a
director of Quest Diagnostics, has determined that the merger is consistent with and in furtherance of the
long-term business strategy of MedPlus and fair to, and in the best interests of, MedPlus and its
shareholders and has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger contemplated by the
merger agreement.  The board unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" the proposal to approve
and adopt the merger agreement.

Opinion of Financial Advisor

On April 2, 2001, we retained KPMG Consulting to act as our financial advisor in connection with a
possible merger and related matters.  Until February 8, 2001 KPMG Consulting was majority owned by
KPMG LLP, at which time KPMG Consulting became an independent publicly traded company.

As part of its engagement, KPMG Consulting was asked to render an opinion as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to our shareholders, excluding Quest Diagnostics, of the merger consideration as
set forth in the merger agreement.  KPMG Consulting is regularly engaged in evaluations of similar
businesses and in advising businesses with regard to mergers and acquisitions.  We selected KPMG
Consulting as our financial advisor based upon KPMG Consulting's qualifications, expertise and
reputation in such capacity.

KPMG Consulting delivered its opinion to the board of directors that, as of April 15, 2001, the cash offer
of $2.00 per share of common stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to our public shareholders.
KPMG Consulting updated its April 15, 2001 opinion as of the date of this proxy statement.  We did not
impose any limitations on KPMG Consulting with respect to the investigations made or the procedures
followed in rendering its opinion.
The full text of the opinion of KPMG Consulting, dated as of the date of this proxy statement, which sets
forth the assumptions made, matters considered and extent of review by KPMG Consulting, is attached
as Appendix C and is incorporated herein by reference.  It should be read carefully and in its entirety in
conjunction with this proxy statement.  The following summary of KPMG Consulting's opinion is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.  KPMG Consulting's opinion is
addressed to the board of directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to
how such shareholder should vote at the annual meeting.

In connection with rendering its opinion, KPMG Consulting, among other things:

-  read the Quest Diagnostics proposal and the merger agreement and related documents;

-  read our audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1996, January 31, 1998,
1999, and 2000, the preliminary audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2001,
and our unaudited interim financial statements for the period ended February 28, 2001;

-  read certain operating and financial information, including budgets and projections, provided by our
management relating to our business and prospects;

-  met with certain members of our senior and operating management to discuss our operations, historical
financial statements and future prospects;

-  visited our facilities in Cincinnati, Ohio;

-  read the historical offers for, transactions in and appraisals of our common stock and preferred stock;

-  considered publicly available financial data and stock market performance data of public companies
that KPMG Consulting deemed generally comparable to MedPlus;

-  compared the terms of recent acquisitions of companies which KPMG Consulting deemed generally
comparable to MedPlus, and

-  conducted such other studies, analyses, inquiries and investigations as KPMG Consulting deemed
appropriate.


The opinions provided by KPMG Consulting to MedPlus were necessarily based upon economic, market,
financial and other conditions as of the dates thereof.

In the course of its review, KPMG Consulting relied upon and assumed, without independent
verification, the accuracy, completeness and fair presentation of all financial  and other information that
was available to KPMG Consulting from public sources and all financial and other information provided
to KPMG Consulting by our representatives.  KPMG Consulting further relied upon the assurances and
representations of our management that management was unaware of any facts that would make the
information provided to KPMG Consulting incomplete or misleading.  With respect to the fiscal year
2002 budget and other financial projections provided to it, KPMG Consulting assumed that, as of the
date supplied to KPMG Consulting, the budget and financial projections were reasonably prepared on
bases reflecting the best available estimates and judgments of management at the time of their
preparation. In arriving at its opinion, KPMG Consulting did not perform any independent appraisal of
our assets.