The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Aurora Biosciences Corp & Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    In evaluating its strategic direction during 2000, Vertex determined that
one of its near-term goals was to acquire complementary products, capabilities
and technologies that would enhance its drug discovery capabilities.


    Throughout the year 2000, Aurora's board of directors and executive
management team had numerous discussions regarding potential strategic
transactions that would enable Aurora to accelerate Aurora's comprehensive drug
discovery initiatives and create new and enhanced partnership opportunities.
During this time period, Aurora's executive management team reviewed available
information regarding the business and technology of other companies that would
complement and enhance those of Aurora. As a result of these discussions,
Aurora's executive management team decided to explore entering into discussions
with companies that presented the best potential opportunities to accelerate
Aurora's development and growth.

    On May 26, 2000, Dr. Harry Stylli, Aurora's Senior Vice President,
Commercial Development, and Dr. Paul Negulescu, Aurora's Senior Vice President,
Discovery Biology, met with Mr. Richard Aldrich, Vertex's former Senior Vice
President and Chief Business Officer, and Dr. Vicki Sato, Vertex's President, at
Vertex's facilities in Boston, Massachusetts to discuss a potential research
collaboration between Aurora and Vertex. The representatives of Aurora and
Vertex discussed a range of business possibilities, including strategic
alternatives. However, the representatives agreed that, at that time, a
strategic transaction, other than a possible joint venture, was not considered
feasible.
On October 11, 2000, Dr. Stylli met with Mr. Aldrich at Vertex's facilities
where they discussed the strong complementary nature of the two companies'
technology platforms, the positive commercial reputations of each company and
the potential value that could be created by a strategic relationship. Among
other possible business relationships discussed, Dr. Stylli and Mr. Aldrich
agreed that a potential merger transaction was one alternative that could
achieve the potential benefits to be derived for each company from possible new
collaborations and technology synergies. Dr. Stylli and Mr. Aldrich then
discussed and planned a comprehensive scientific and business meeting.

    On November 20, 2000 and November 21, 2000, Dr. Stylli, Dr. Negulescu and
other members of Aurora management met with Mr. Aldrich and Dr. John Thomson,
Vertex's Vice President of Research. Following presentations by each of the
representatives of Aurora and Vertex on each company's business and science, the
representatives of each company expressed a high interest in working with the
other company. The representatives concluded that there should be further
deliberation regarding the potential of a research collaboration, merger or
other strategic transaction between the two companies.

    On December 4, 2000, Dr. Stylli and Mr. Aldrich had a meeting to explore a
potential strategic transaction between Aurora and Vertex. At this meeting, Dr.
Stylli and Mr. Aldrich discussed potential synergies and the complementary
nature of the businesses of Aurora and Vertex. Dr. Stylli and Mr.

Aldrich agreed to follow-up with another conference call to include Dr.
Negulescu and to arrange for Dr. Stuart J. M. Collinson, Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer and President of Aurora, and Dr. Joshua Boger, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of Vertex, to meet at the JP Morgan H&Q 19th Annual
Health Care Conference in San Francisco, California scheduled for January 2001.

    On December 22, 2000, Aurora and Vertex entered into a mutual nondisclosure
agreement providing for the safeguarding of confidential information which the
parties might disclose to one another during any discussions.

    On January 9, 2001, Drs. Collinson, Stylli and Negulescu met with Drs. Boger
and Sato and Lynne Brum, Vertex's Vice President of Corporate Communications and
Market Development, at the JP Morgan H&Q 19th Annual Health Care Conference in
San Francisco to discuss mutual interests regarding possible collaboration
opportunities, ranging from one or more targeted research or technology
collaborations to a broader strategic business combination and to discuss the
agenda for an on-site visit of Aurora's facilities by the Vertex management
team.

    On January 11, 2001, Drs. Boger and Sato met with members of Aurora's
management team at Aurora's facilities in San Diego, California. At the meeting,
Drs. Collinson, Stylli and Negulescu, and Messrs. Thomas Klopack, a Senior Vice
President and the Chief Operating Officer of Aurora, and Christopher Krueger,
Aurora's Vice President, Strategic Alliances and Legal Affairs, gave
presentations to Drs. Boger and Sato on Aurora's systems, intellectual property
and general business. In addition, Drs. Boger and Sato presented details
regarding Vertex's technology and were given a tour of Aurora's facilities.

    On January 24, 2001, Dr. Boger communicated to Dr. Collinson that Vertex was
interested in further pursuing substantive discussions regarding a potential
acquisition of Aurora by Vertex.

    On January 31, 2001, Drs. Collinson and Boger discussed via telephone
Vertex's desire to better understand Aurora's business. To this end, they agreed
to meet in San Diego in mid-February.

    On February 14, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of Vertex's board of
directors, there was a discussion of potential merger or acquisition candidates
of interest to Vertex, including Aurora.

    On February 16, 2001, Dr. Boger and Mr. Thomas G. Auchincloss, Jr., Vertex's
former Vice President of Finance, met with members of the senior management team
of Aurora at Aurora's facilities in San Diego. The Aurora team discussed
Aurora's culture, hiring process and other business issues and gave
presentations on the financial aspects of Aurora's business and commercial
development strategy. In turn, Dr. Boger discussed Vertex's view on other
companies within the industry and, in particular, discussed the structure of
various corporate partnering deals Vertex had entered into with third parties.
Dr. Boger also shared with the Aurora management team Vertex's financial
position and other financial aspects of Vertex's business.

    On February 22, 2001, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
gave a presentation to Vertex, including a preliminary evaluation of Aurora.

    On February 27, 2001, the board of directors of Aurora held a regularly
scheduled meeting at which Dr. Collinson gave an update regarding a potential
transaction with Vertex. The board of directors authorized and instructed Dr.
Collinson to continue discussions with Vertex. In addition, the board of
directors also directed management to review other opportunities regarding a
potential strategic transaction.
On March 1, 2001, Dr. Boger spoke by telephone with Dr. Collinson to signal
Vertex's interest in discussing in more detail a possible merger between the
companies and to gauge Dr. Collinson's interest in engaging in a more formalized
process of evaluation of the opportunity. The parties agreed to meet as soon as
possible to continue discussions.

    On March 5, 2001, Dr. Boger received a communication from Dr. Collinson
indicating that the Aurora senior management team, as well as the Aurora board,
were supportive of further and more detailed discussions.

    On March 7, 2001, Drs. Collinson and Boger had a telephonic meeting in which
they discussed various aspects of the proposed transaction, including Aurora's
desire to conduct technical, legal and financial due diligence of Vertex. In
addition, the parties spoke generally about valuation and the process going
forward.

    On March 8, 2001, members of Vertex senior management met with
representatives of Merrill Lynch, Ernst & Young, its accounting advisors for the
transaction, and Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., its
outside legal counsel, to discuss plans for due diligence and timing of the
proposed transaction.

    On March 8, 2001, Mr. Krueger spoke via telephone with Sarah Cecil, Vertex's
Corporate Counsel, regarding the process and schedule by which Vertex would
complete its due diligence review of Aurora.

    On March 8, 2001, Aurora engaged Goldman, Sachs & Co., as its financial
advisor in connection with a possible transaction with Vertex.

    On March 9, 2001, Vertex engaged Merrill Lynch to act as its exclusive
financial advisor in connection with the possible acquisition transaction
involving Aurora and to render an opinion, if requested, on the fairness of such
a transaction from a financial point of view to Vertex.

    During the weeks of March 12 and March 19, 2001, Vertex and Aurora exchanged
requests for documents, materials and information required to conduct due
diligence reviews of each company.

    On March 20, 2001, Vertex and Aurora along with representatives of Merrill
Lynch and Goldman Sachs met in Laguna Niguel, California to discuss valuation,
structure and other terms in connection with a potential strategic transaction
between Vertex and Aurora. Possible financial and economic terms of the
transaction were also discussed.

    On March 21, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Aurora board of
directors, Dr. Collinson provided an update of the potential strategic
transaction with Vertex, including a report of the meeting held in Laguna
Niguel. The board of directors directed Dr. Collinson to proceed with
negotiations with Vertex.

    On March 23, 2001, Aurora and Vertex entered into a second nondisclosure
agreement whereby each party agreed it would not disclose or misuse confidential
information provided by the other party during discussions regarding a potential
strategic relationship. This agreement provided, among other things, that until
April 8, 2001, Aurora would negotiate exclusively with Vertex with respect to a
strategic transaction.

    From March 26, 2001 through March 28, 2001, Vertex's management team, legal
advisors and financial advisors met with representatives of Aurora's management
team and financial and legal advisors at the law offices of Cooley Godward LLP,
outside counsel to Aurora, in San Diego, California. During this three-day
period, various members of Aurora's senior management team gave technical,
commercial and financial presentations to the representatives of Vertex, and
Vertex conducted due diligence review of Aurora's collaboration and partnering
agreements, as well as other records and documents related to Aurora's business
made available by Aurora.
On March 29, 2001, a first draft of the merger agreement was sent to Aurora
and its legal and financial advisors by Mintz Levin.

    On March 30, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of the Aurora board of directors,
Dr. Collinson provided an update of the status of the proposed transaction with
Vertex. Dr. Collinson reported on the proposed terms of the transaction, the
risks and advantages for Aurora of proceeding with such a

transaction versus continuing as an independent entity and the strengths and
weaknesses of each of Aurora and Vertex. Representatives of Goldman Sachs then
updated the board of directors with respect to merger and acquisition activity
for biotechnology companies in general and summarized current market conditions.
Goldman Sachs also discussed general matters related to the potential
transaction with Vertex.

    From April 1, 2001 through April 4, 2001, members of Aurora's management
team, as well as Aurora's outside legal and financial advisors, met in Boston at
Vertex headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and at the offices of Mintz
Levin, and conducted technical, legal and financial due diligence investigations
of Vertex. Senior members of Vertex's management team gave presentations on the
technical, commercial and financial aspects of Vertex's business. During this
period, representatives of each of Aurora and Vertex, including members of their
respective financial and legal advisory teams, conducted face-to-face
negotiations with respect to the terms of the proposed merger agreement. In
addition, the parties conducted numerous conferences to negotiate the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement and related documents and to discuss various
other legal, financial and regulatory matters related to the merger.
On April 4, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Dr. Collinson summarized the diligence presentations provided by Vertex during
the parties' discussions from April 1, 2001 through April 4, 2001 and updated
the board of directors on the status of discussions with Vertex, including key
terms of the merger agreement and valuation. Representatives of Goldman Sachs
then discussed valuation matters with the board of directors.

    On April 5, 2001, Dr. Boger communicated to Dr. Collinson proposed
financial, economic and other substantive terms, including the proposed exchange
ratio.

    On April 6, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Aurora's management team and representatives of Foley, Hoag & Elliot, outside
counsel engaged by Aurora specifically to perform a due diligence review of
Vertex's intellectual property, summarized the results of the technical,
regulatory and business due diligence review of Vertex. The board of directors
then heard a presentation by representatives of Goldman Sachs, who summarized
Vertex's most recent proposal. Following that presentation, representatives of
Cooley Godward summarized the legal issues arising out of the currently proposed
merger agreement. Goldman Sachs then provided the board of directors with a
presentation including, among other things, a review of market performance in
the biotechnology sector and a review of Vertex's business, market and trading
history. The board of directors instructed management to proceed with

    On April 6, 2001, Dr. Collinson telephoned Dr. Boger, after consulting with
the Aurora board, to report that the terms of the April 5 proposal were not
acceptable to the Aurora board with respect to price and on account of
outstanding issues with the merger agreement. The parties agreed to continue a
dialogue to explore resolution of these issues.

    From April 6, 2001 through April 12, 2001, representatives of each of Aurora
and Vertex and each of the parties' legal and financial advisors continued their
due diligence reviews and conducted numerous telephone conferences to negotiate
the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and related documents, and to
discuss other legal, financial and regulatory matters related to the merger.

    On April 8, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
Dr. Collinson provided the board of directors with an update on the discussions
between Aurora and Vertex since the last board of directors' meeting, including
a specific discussion on valuation and other unresolved issues related to the
merger agreement. Dr. Collinson also provided the board of directors with a
summary of potential alternative strategies, including remaining an independent
entity, to the strategic transaction with Vertex. The board of directors
directed management to proceed with negotiations with Vertex.

    On April 8, 2001, Vertex received from Aurora and its legal advisors the
terms and conditions of proposed employment agreements for Dr. Collinson, Mr.
Stylli, Mr. Klopack, Dr. Negulescu, Mr. Krueger, John Pashkowsky, Aurora's Vice
President, Finance, and Pamela Fritz, Aurora's Vice President, Human Resources.

    On April 10, 2001, Vertex's board of directors held a special meeting for
purposes of discussing the potential merger with Aurora. Representatives of
Merrill Lynch, Mintz Levin and Ernst & Young attended and participated in the
discussions at the meeting. At the meeting, Dr. Boger and Dr. Sato described the
status of discussions between Vertex and Aurora and the business and scientific
reasons for the proposed merger. Representatives of Merrill Lynch discussed the
proposed financial terms of the transaction, and representatives of Mintz Levin
described key provisions and open issues with respect to the merger agreement.
Representatives of Ernst & Young reported on the results of their financial due
diligence on behalf of Vertex, and Ms. Cecil discussed the results of Vertex's
own due diligence. The board expressed support for the merger in principle but
voiced concern over the proposed financial and economic terms of the
transaction, given relative stock movements since the April 5 proposal. The
board tentatively agreed to meet again to consider the transaction for approval
once the terms of the merger agreement and Aurora management employment
agreements were substantially agreed upon.

    On April 10, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
between Aurora and Vertex since Aurora's last board of directors' meeting.
During the day and evening of April 10, 2001, Aurora and Vertex continued
negotiations related to the merger agreement and employment agreements.

    On April 11, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of Aurora's board of directors,
between Aurora and Vertex since the previous day's board of directors' meeting.
At this meeting, the board of directors expressed concern over the valuation of
Aurora being proposed by Vertex. At this time, the board of directors instructed
Dr. Collinson to continue discussions with Vertex relating to valuation and
other unresolved issues and to report back to the board of directors the next
day.

    On April 12, 2001, Dr. Boger spoke with Dr. Collinson by telephone. Dr.
Boger told Dr. Collinson that, due to recent changes in the relative market
prices of the two companies, Vertex's previously proposed exchange ratio no
longer represented an acceptable exchange from Vertex's perspective, and the
offer was withdrawn by Vertex.