The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Del Webb Corp & Pulte Homes Inc:
Background to the Merger

Del Webbs board of directors and management have from time
to time considered a variety of strategic options as a part of
Del Webbs long-term strategy to maximize stockholder
value. Del Webb engaged Credit Suisse First Boston in the spring
of 2000 as its financial advisor to analyze its business and
strategic alternatives.

As part of its engagement, Credit Suisse First Boston made a
presentation regarding Del Webb, its business, its strategic
alternatives and merger and acquisition activity in the
homebuilding industry to the Del Webb board of directors at the
boards regularly scheduled meeting on July 20, 2000.
This presentation was made following a letter received by Del
Webb in June 2000 from J. F. Shea Co., Inc., a
competitor in the homebuilding business, expressing Sheas
interest in exploring a business combination transaction with
Del Webb.

In August 2000, Pacific Partners LLC announced its
acquisition of 5.32% of the outstanding common stock of Del Webb
and its intention to nominate a slate of candidates for election
to Del Webbs board of directors at the 2000 annual meeting
of stockholders.

During August, September and October 2000, Del Webb and
Credit Suisse First Boston were contacted by a number of other
competitors in the homebuilding industry, including Pulte,
expressing interest in a variety of strategic alliances with Del
Webb, including a possible business combination if Del Webb were
interested in considering such a transaction. On
September 21, 2000, Shea sent a letter to Del Webb setting
forth Sheas indication of interest, subject to specified
conditions, in purchasing all of the outstanding common stock of
Del Webb for $30 in cash per share. On September 24, 2000,
the Del Webb board of directors held a special meeting at which
Del Webb management, as well as Credit Suisse First Boston and
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, Del Webbs
special legal counsel, provided an overview of developments in
the proxy contest with Pacific Partners, Sheas indication
of interest and financial information relating to Del Webb. On
October 20, 2000, Pacific Partners began soliciting proxies
to elect its two candidates to the Del Webb board of directors.
On October 23, 2000, Shea announced that it would terminate
its indication of interest in acquiring Del Webb for $30 per
share if Pacific Partners nominees were not elected to the
Del Webb board of directors.
On November 1, 2000, the Del Webb board of directors held a
regular meeting, at which Del Webb management presented its
proposed 2001-2005 strategic plan and discussed various business
opportunities and strategic options. Credit Suisse First Boston
made a presentation regarding the homebuilding industry and
valuation of Del Webb. At the Del Webb annual meeting of
stockholders on November 2, 2000, Del Webb stockholders
reelected the candidates nominated by the board of directors and
did not elect the candidates nominated by Pacific Partners.
Thereafter, Shea withdrew its indication of interest. On
November 2, 2000, following the annual meeting of
stockholders, Del Webbs board of directors reconvened and
authorized Del Webb management to begin implementation of the
2001-2005 strategic plan and to continue to explore alternate
strategies to enhance shareholder value.

In late November 2000, Robert K. Burgess, Pultes
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, telephoned LeRoy C.
Hanneman, Jr., Del Webbs President and Chief
Executive Officer, and suggested that a meeting be scheduled.
During the call, Mr. Burgess outlined his view of the
potential benefits of a business combination transaction between
Pulte and Del Webb. Mr. Hanneman informed Mr. Burgess
that he was not prepared to recommend consideration of a
business combination transaction to the Del Webb board at that
time in light of the boards recent direction to implement
the strategic plan, but indicated that he might be willing to
entertain additional communications at a later date.

During December 2000, Mr. Burgess telephoned
Mr. Hanneman to reiterate Pultes interest in
discussing a possible business combination transaction between
Pulte and Del Webb and suggested a meeting. Mr. Hanneman
agreed to a meeting in January 2001.

On January 10, 2001, Del Webb and Pulte entered into a
confidentiality and standstill agreement, in which the parties
agreed to keep confidential any information that was exchanged.
On January 11, 2001, Mr. Burgess met with
Mr. Hanneman in Phoenix, Arizona, to discuss a potential
business combination transaction between Pulte and Del Webb.
Later that day, Mr. Burgess, Mark OBrien,
Pultes President and Chief Operating Officer, and Roger
Cregg, Pultes Chief Financial Officer, met with
Mr. Hanneman, John Spencer, Del Webbs Chief Financial
Officer, and Anne L. Mariucci, a Del Webb Executive Vice
President, in Phoenix to discuss generally the businesses and
strategies of Pulte and Del Webb. Messrs. Burgess, Cregg
and OBrien discussed their January 11, 2001 meeting
with Del Webb management at the regularly scheduled meeting of
the Pulte board of directors on January 23, 2001.
On January 26, 2001, Mr. Cregg met with
Mr. Spencer in Phoenix and made available to
Mr. Spencer a copy of Pultes draft pro forma
financial statements reflecting Pulte and Del Webb on a
consolidated basis. On February 8, 2001, at a regular
meeting of Del Webbs board of directors, senior management
advised the board with respect to recent communications between
Del Webb and Pulte. The board authorized management to continue
communications with Pulte. On February 21 and 22, 2001,
Messrs. Hanneman and Spencer, Ms. Mariucci and
Robertson C. Jones, Del Webbs General Counsel, met in
San Diego, California with Messrs. Burgess, OBrien
and Cregg, Michael OBrien, a Pulte Senior Vice President,
and Pultes outside legal counsel to exchange additional
information of a confidential nature regarding the
organizational structure, operations, short-term financial
outlook and strategic direction of the two companies. Additional
telephone calls between Mr. Burgess and Mr. Hanneman
took place during January and February 2001 regarding a
possible business combination transaction, but no specific
proposals were discussed.
At its scheduled dinner meeting on March 7, 2001, the Pulte
board discussed with Pulte management the potential business
combination transaction with Del Webb. At that meeting, the
board authorized Pulte management to continue discussions with
Del Webb. On March 14, 2001, Messrs. Hanneman and
Jones and Ms. Mariucci met with Messrs. Burgess,
OBrien, Cregg and OBrien in Bloomfield Hills,
Michigan, to further discuss a possible business combination
transaction. On March 14, 2001, Messrs. Hanneman and
Spencer and Ms. Mariucci had discussions with Credit Suisse
First Boston regarding a possible business combination
transaction between Del Webb and Pulte. On March 19, 2001,
Mr. Hanneman met with Mr. Burgess in Scottsdale,
Arizona, to discuss further the desirability of a possible
business combination transaction. On March 28, 2001,
Messrs. Burgess and Cregg and Mark OBrien met with
Salomon Smith Barney in New York to discuss the financial
framework of the transaction.

On April 2, 2001, Pulte forwarded materials to Del Webb
indicating a proposed exchange ratio for a possible business
combination transaction, where the consideration would be paid
in Pulte common shares, with the intent that the transaction
would be tax-free for Del Webb stockholders, except to the
extent that cash was received in lieu of any fractional Pulte
common share. Mr. Hanneman telephoned Mr. Burgess to
discuss Pultes basis for such exchange ratio. On the same
day, Del Webb instructed Credit Suisse First Boston to contact
Pultes financial advisor, Salomon Smith Barney, to discuss
the financial terms of a possible business combination
transaction between Del Webb and Pulte.
Between April 2 and April 12, 2001,
Messrs. Burgess and Hanneman, and Pultes and Del
Webbs financial advisors, engaged in various telephone
conversations to discuss the proposed exchange ratio,
termination rights and break-up fees. On April 12, 2001,
Del Webbs board of directors held a regular meeting, at
which Del Webbs management updated the board on the
communications between Del Webb and Pulte regarding the possible
business combination transaction between the two companies. Del
Webbs management, as well as its legal and financial
advisors, analyzed the proposed exchange ratio and the other
potential terms of the proposed business combination. On the
evening of April 12, 2001, Del Webbs board of
directors, at its scheduled dinner meeting, discussed in detail
the proposed business combination transaction with Pulte. The
board authorized Del Webb management to continue discussions
with Pulte within authorized parameters and to provide
appropriate additional confidential information.

On April 13 and 14, 2001, Messrs. Burgess and
Hanneman, and Pultes and Del Webbs financial
advisors, continued their discussions regarding the proposed
exchange ratio, termination rights and break-up fees, and on
April 17, 2001, Del Webb and Pulte reached a preliminary
understanding with respect to a possible exchange ratio, subject
to completion of due diligence and negotiation of all other
terms and conditions of the transaction. The Finance Committee
of the Pulte board of directors met on April 17, 2001, and
discussed the potential combination with Del Webb and scheduled
a meeting of the Pulte board for April 26, 2001. On
April 19, 2001, Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP,
counsel to Pulte, delivered to Del Webb and its advisors a draft
merger agreement.
On April 21 and April 22, 2001, each of Pultes
and Del Webbs management, legal counsel, financial
advisors and accountants met at Pultes headquarters to
conduct due diligence and to negotiate the terms of the draft
merger agreement and related documents. At that time, Del Webb
requested that, concurrently with the execution of any merger
agreement, William J. Pulte and affiliated trusts, which
collectively own approximately 26% of the outstanding Pulte
common shares, enter into a voting agreement with Del Webb
pursuant to which Mr. Pulte and the affiliated trusts would
agree to vote in favor of the issuance of Pulte common shares
and related proposals.

On April 23 and 24, 2001, Pultes management met with
Del Webbs management at Del Webbs headquarters to
continue the due diligence process. From April 23 through
April 29, 2001, Pulte and Del Webb and their legal,
financial and accounting advisors continued their due diligence
review and negotiations of the terms of the draft merger
agreement, including the exchange ratio, termination rights and
break-up fees, and related documents.
On April 26, 2001, the Pulte board met to discuss the
proposed transaction. Pultes senior management and
representatives of Honigman Miller and Salomon Smith Barney were
present at the meeting. In preparation for the meeting, the
directors were sent materials regarding Del Webbs
business, operations and financial condition, which had been
prepared by Pultes management, and a draft of the merger
agreement. At the meeting, Pultes senior management
explained the rationale for the transaction. Representatives of
Salomon Smith Barney then reviewed the financial aspects of the
proposed merger with the board. Honigman Miller also discussed
with the board various terms of the merger agreement. The
meeting was adjourned without acting on the transaction, and the
board reconvened on April 30, 2001, to consider the
transaction. At the April 30, 2001, meeting, with all of
the Pulte board as well as Pultes senior management and
representatives of Honigman Miller and Salomon Smith Barney
present, the board received updated presentations from senior
management and Honigman Miller. Salomon Smith Barney reviewed
with the board its financial analysis of the exchange ratio and
rendered to the board an oral opinion, which opinion was
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated April 30,
2001, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to
Pulte of the exchange ratio. After discussion, the board
approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement and recommended that Pulte shareholders
vote to approve the proposal for the issuance of Pulte common
shares in connection with the merger.
On April 30, 2001, Del Webbs board of directors held
a special meeting at which management of Del Webb, together with
Del Webbs financial and legal advisors, reviewed the terms
and conditions of the proposed merger. Credit Suisse First
Boston made a detailed financial presentation and rendered its
oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect
that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to
the matters described in its written opinion, the exchange ratio
was fair to the stockholders of Del Webb from a financial point
of view. Skadden, Arps reviewed with the board the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement and the legal duties and
responsibilities of Del Webbs board of directors in
connection with the merger. The board was also advised of the
interests of certain directors and executive officers in the
transaction that were in addition to the interests of other
stockholders. The board of directors, after extended discussion,
with two directors dissenting and one director absent,
determined that the merger agreement was fair to and in the best
interests of Del Webb and its stockholders and recommended that
the stockholders of Del Webb vote in favor of approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.

On April 30, 2001, following the approval of the boards of
directors of Pulte and Del Webb, the parties executed the merger
agreement. The parties issued a joint press release announcing
the execution of the merger agreement prior to the open of
trading on May 1, 2001.

Recommendations of the Pulte Board of Directors;

Pultes Reasons for the Merger



The Pulte board of directors believes the merger of Del Webb and
a wholly owned subsidiary of Pulte on the terms contained in the
merger agreement will be beneficial to Pulte and its
shareholders and that the merger consideration to be paid to
Del Webb stockholders under the merger agreement is fair to
Pulte. Accordingly, at its meeting on April 30, 2001,
Pultes board of directors approved the transaction and
recommended that holders of Pulte common shares vote to approve
the proposal for the issuance of Pulte common shares in
connection with the merger.

The Pulte board believes that the merger will make Pulte a
stronger homebuilding company. In particular, Pulte believes the
merger will:



	strengthen our position in the nations fastest growing
	homebuilding markets;



	enhance our overall land position;



	increase our presence in the retirement/active adult market
	segments of the homebuilding industry;



	enable us to capture greater financial services revenues and
	other ancillary revenues;



	increase our size in terms of revenue, earnings and EBIT (which
	stands for earnings before interest and taxes) and enhance our
	competitive position and economies of scale;



	provide us with operational savings from enhancing purchasing
	leverage; and



	help us with homebuilding and mortgage related Internet and
	broadband activities.







Based on a review of public filings made with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, a combined Pulte and Del Webb would have
been the nations largest homebuilder in calendar year 2000
based on homebuilding revenues, domestic homes delivered and
homebuilding EBIT. On a combined pro forma basis, Pulte and Del
Webb would have reported revenues of $6.055 billion and
EBIT of $578 million in calendar year 2000.

In deciding to approve the acquisition of Del Webb, the Pulte
directors considered the items described in the preceding
paragraph and a number of other factors, including:



	the current and historical market price of Pulte common shares;



	the continued expansion of Pultes homebuilding business in
	high growth markets and its expansion into new geographic
	markets;



	the strong financial condition of the combined company;



	the expected accounting treatment of the merger;



	the terms and conditions of the merger agreement; and



	the presentations and advice of its senior management, financial
	advisor and legal counsel, as discussed above.

The Pulte board also considered potentially negative factors
relating to the merger, including:



	the increased financial leverage of the combined company;



	the challenges of integrating the management, operations and
	cultures of the companies; and



	the risk that operational savings from synergies may not be
	achieved.