The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between NOVA Corp & US Bancorp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    NOVA has from time to time, in pursuit of its strategic goals and long-term
business and growth strategy, discussed and considered various strategic
alternatives, including alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures,
mergers and other business combinations, leveraging transactions and other
strategic alternatives. In the late summer of 1999, NOVA's board of directors
engaged Salomon Smith Barney to assist and advise NOVA in considering potential
transactions that may be in the best interests of NOVA and its shareholders.
Throughout the remainder of 1999 and during 2000, Salomon Smith Barney explored
various strategic alternatives and located certain third parties (including
U.S. Bancorp) interested in discussing possible transactions with NOVA. NOVA
received information and frequent updates from Salomon Smith Barney on each
third party indication of interest in pursuing a transaction with NOVA. However,
after reviewing, considering and discussing these indications of interest, NOVA
determined that, in light of market conditions, particularly in the latter part
of 2000, none of the potential transactions fit NOVA's strategic goals or
offered adequate value to NOVA's shareholders.

    In October 2000, U.S. Bancorp and Firstar Corporation announced their
proposed merger. At that time, NOVA had an existing relationship with Firstar
through Elan Merchant Services, LLC, an entity formed as part of a joint venture
arrangement between Firstar and NOVA under which NOVA provides transaction
processing services to Firstar's merchant customers. Because of the proposed
Firstar and U.S. Bancorp merger, beginning in late 2000 and continuing through
the first quarter of 2001, NOVA and U.S. Bancorp held discussions relating to
the Elan joint venture. These discussions included due diligence evaluations of
the NOVA business by U.S. Bancorp and the U.S. Bancorp merchant business by
NOVA.
During 2001, NOVA's senior management had discussions related to potential
transactions with several parties other than U.S. Bancorp. These discussions
resulted in a proposal from one of the parties, which in turn led to further
preliminary discussions regarding a possible business combination and a due
diligence evaluation of NOVA by this party. Due primarily to significant open
issues that could not be resolved and concerns on the part of the NOVA board
that a transaction with this party could not ultimately be completed, NOVA and
the other party terminated discussions prior to finalizing the terms of the
transaction between NOVA and U.S. Bancorp.

    On April 24, 2001, U.S. Bancorp submitted to NOVA a preliminary proposal,
subject to due diligence and other conditions, outlining a transaction in which
U.S. Bancorp would acquire NOVA's outstanding common stock for approximately
$30.00 per share. During the remainder of the week in which the proposal was
made, senior management of NOVA and NOVA's financial advisors continued
discussions with U.S. Bancorp to further explore U.S. Bancorp's proposal. During
the week of April 30, 2001, representatives of U.S. Bancorp met in Atlanta with
NOVA's senior management and conducted additional due diligence regarding NOVA.
On April 30, 2001, U.S. Bancorp's legal counsel also circulated an initial draft
of a definitive merger agreement to NOVA and its legal counsel. On May 2, 2001,
U.S. Bancorp, after completing its on-site due diligence review, confirmed its
interest in an acquisition of NOVA at the $30.00 per share level.
At the regularly scheduled meeting of NOVA's board of directors held on
May 3, 2001, the board reviewed, considered and discussed U.S. Bancorp's initial
written offer and the subsequent progression of negotiations and discussions
between the parties. NOVA's management and legal advisors and Salomon Smith
Barney participated in this meeting. NOVA's outside counsel reviewed the board's
fiduciary duties in connection with business combination transactions, including
the proposed U.S. Bancorp transaction. At this meeting, NOVA's board considered
the indications of interest in other transactions that it had received over the
last year and a half. NOVA's board of directors determined, in light of all the
factors being considered, including the discussions with other parties regarding
potential transactions, that the proposed transaction with U.S. Bancorp appeared
to be in the best interests of NOVA and its shareholders and to further the
long-term business and growth strategy and other strategic goals of NOVA.
Accordingly, NOVA's board authorized and directed NOVA's senior management to
continue discussions and negotiations with U.S. Bancorp concerning its offer and
the proposed merger agreement.

    During the three days following the NOVA board meeting, the parties
continued discussions and negotiations. During this period, the senior
management of each of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp, together with their respective
legal advisors, finalized the terms of the proposed merger agreement.

    On May 6, 2001, NOVA's board of directors held a telephonic meeting to
consider the proposed U.S. Bancorp transaction and related merger agreement. At
this meeting NOVA's board carefully reviewed, considered and analyzed the U.S.
Bancorp transaction as set forth in the merger agreement. The board also again
reviewed the other indications of interest and the proposal it had received from
another party. In consultation with Salomon Smith Barney and NOVA's legal
counsel, the board evaluated and analyzed the benefits, costs, risks and other
factors relating to the proposed U.S. Bancorp transaction (including, among
other matters, the financial, strategic and other value, as well as the
likelihood of the transaction being consummated) and discussed whether any other
strategic alternatives should be pursued. Also, at this meeting Salomon Smith
Barney reviewed its financial analysis of the consideration payable to NOVA
shareholders in the proposed transaction with U.S. Bancorp, and rendered to
NOVA's board of directors a written opinion dated May 6, 2001, to the effect
that, as of the date of the opinion and based upon and subject to certain
matters stated in such opinion, the consideration to be received by NOVA's
shareholders in the transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
shareholders. Based on the foregoing, NOVA's board determined that the U.S.
Bancorp transaction was superior to the other possible transactions and would be
in the best interests of NOVA and its shareholders. Accordingly, the board
unanimously approved the U.S. Bancorp merger and the merger agreement, and
authorized the execution and delivery of the merger agreement and the related
documents.
The definitive merger agreement was executed by NOVA and U.S. Bancorp on
May 7, 2001.

U.S. BANCORP'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    U.S. Bancorp's board of directors and management believe that the merger
will provide U.S. Bancorp with an attractive opportunity to expand its merchant
processing business, particularly with small to medium-sized customers. U.S.
Bancorp believes that NOVA's experience in the merchant processing business and
its market position complement U.S. Bancorp's current merchant processing
operations, and that the merger will enable U.S. Bancorp to offer, through NOVA,
a broad array of merchant processing products and services to a larger market.

NOVA'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF NOVA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    In deciding to approve the merger agreement and to recommend approval of the
merger by NOVA's shareholders, NOVA's board consulted with senior management and
its financial and legal advisors and considered a number of factors, including
particularly the factors listed below. In view of

the number and wide variety of factors that NOVA's board considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger, NOVA's board did not consider it
practicable to, nor did it attempt to, quantify or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its determination. NOVA's
board viewed its position and recommendations as being based on all of the
information and factors that it received and considered. In addition, individual
directors may have given different weight to different information and factors.

    FINANCIAL TERMS OF THE MERGER.  The board of directors of NOVA believes that
the consideration that U.S. Bancorp will deliver to shareholders of NOVA is fair
to the shareholders based upon:

    - NOVA's current financial condition and future prospects;

    - the current financial condition and future prospects of U.S. Bancorp; and

    - the board's perception of the future prospects of the combined entities.



In reaching this conclusion, NOVA's board evaluated the strategic alternatives
available to NOVA.

    COMPARING NOVA'S VALUE AS A CONTINUING INDEPENDENT ENTITY WITH ITS VALUE IN
COMBINATION WITH U.S. BANCORP.  NOVA's board believes that the value to be
received by NOVA shareholders in the merger is substantially greater than that
available in NOVA as a continuing independent entity currently and for the
near-term.

    COMPARING A COMBINATION WITH U.S. BANCORP TO OTHER POSSIBLE
TRANSACTIONS.  NOVA's board reviewed the range of the possible values to NOVA
shareholders obtainable through implementation of certain other strategic
alternatives and the likelihood and risks of the same. Considering all factors,
including, in the case of the other proposal referred to above, the remaining
unresolved issues and the risk that such other transaction could not be
completed, the board concluded that the U.S. Bancorp proposal was superior to
other possible transactions.

    LIQUIDITY FOR NOVA SHAREHOLDERS.  The merger provides liquidity to NOVA
shareholders in the form of U.S. Bancorp common stock and, to the extent
provided in the merger agreement, cash.

    AVAILABILITY OF ADDITIONAL RESOURCES.  NOVA's board considered the need for
additional capital resources in order to achieve NOVA's own strategic business
plan and the fact that these resources were more readily available to NOVA in
combination with U.S. Bancorp than as a continuing independent entity.

    THE TRANSACTION PROCESSING INDUSTRY GENERALLY.  NOVA's board considered the
current and prospective economic and competitive environment facing the
transaction processing industry generally and NOVA in particular. Among other
factors, the board considered the continued consolidation in the industry and
the increasing importance of operational scale and financial resources in
maintaining efficiencies and remaining competitive and in being able to
capitalize on technological developments that significantly impact industry
competition.

    TAX-FREE NATURE OF THE TRANSACTION.  NOVA's board considered the fact that
for federal income tax purposes the merger is structured with the intent that it
will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for NOVA shareholders to the extent
that they receive U.S. Bancorp common stock in the merger.

    OPINION OF SALOMON SMITH BARNEY.  NOVA's board considered the fact that
Salomon Smith Barney has rendered its opinion that the consideration to be
provided by U.S. Bancorp to NOVA's shareholders under the merger agreement is
fair from a financial point of view to those shareholders.

    In addition to the factors set forth above, NOVA's board evaluated the
likelihood of closing the transaction expeditiously. The board also considered
the possible circumstances under which NOVA could incur the cost of a
termination fee upon the termination of the merger agreement, as well as the

other consequences to NOVA under the merger agreement and otherwise, if the
transaction is terminated.

    The terms of the termination fee, particularly the amount, were the subject
of negotiations between the parties. NOVA's board ultimately accepted the size
and terms of the termination fee contained in the merger agreement, as well as
other consequences of termination, as necessary to limit subsequent competing
offers to only those offers that should be seriously considered by the board in
the exercise of its fiduciary obligations.

    FOR THE REASONS SET FORTH ABOVE, NOVA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AS IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF NOVA AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT NOVA SHAREHOLDERS APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
THE MERGER.

FAIRNESS OPINION OF NOVA'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

    Salomon Smith Barney was retained to act as financial advisor to NOVA in
connection with the merger. Pursuant to Salomon Smith Barney's engagement
letter, Salomon Smith Barney rendered an opinion to NOVA's board of directors on
May 6, 2001 to the effect that, based upon and subject to the considerations and
limitations set forth in its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney's experience as
investment bankers, its work described below and other factors it deemed
relevant, as of that date, the consideration to be received by the holders of
NOVA common stock pursuant to the merger was fair, from a financial point of
view, to those holders.

    The full text of Salomon Smith Barney's opinion dated May 6, 2001, which
sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, general procedures
followed, matters considered and limits on the review undertaken, is attached as
Appendix B to this document. The summary of Salomon Smith Barney's opinion set
forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
opinion. YOU ARE URGED TO READ SALOMON SMITH BARNEY'S OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN
ITS ENTIRETY.

    In arriving at its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney:

    - reviewed a draft of the merger agreement;

    - held discussions with selected senior officers and other representatives
      and advisors of NOVA and selected senior officers and other
      representatives and advisors of U.S. Bancorp concerning the businesses,
      operations and prospects of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp;

    - examined certain publicly available business and financial information
      relating to NOVA and U.S. Bancorp as well as certain other information and
      data for NOVA and U.S. Bancorp that were provided to or otherwise
      discussed with Salomon Smith Barney by the management teams of NOVA and
      U.S. Bancorp;

    - reviewed the financial terms of the merger as set forth in the merger
      agreement in relation to, among other things, current and historical
      market prices and trading volumes of the common stock of each of NOVA and
      U.S. Bancorp, the historical and projected earnings and other operating
      data of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp, the historical capitalization and financial
      condition of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp and the projected capitalization of

    - considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
      certain other similar transactions recently effected that Salomon Smith
      Barney considered relevant in evaluating the merger and analyzed certain
      financial, stock market and other publicly available information relating
      to the businesses of other companies whose operations Salomon Smith Barney
      considered relevant in evaluating those of NOVA and U.S. Bancorp;

    - evaluated the pro forma financial impact of the merger on U.S. Bancorp;
      and

    - conducted other analyses and examinations and considered such other
      information and financial, economic and market criteria as it deemed
      appropriate in arriving at its opinion.
In rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney assumed and relied, without
independent verification, upon the accuracy and completeness of all financial
and other information and data publicly available or furnished to or otherwise
reviewed by or discussed with Salomon Smith Barney. With respect to financial
forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or
discussed with Salomon Smith Barney, Salomon Smith Barney relied on publicly
available third-party equity research forecasts, and Salomon Smith Barney
expressed no view with respect to those forecasts and other information and data
or the assumptions on which they were based. Salomon Smith Barney did not make
and was not provided with an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of NOVA or U.S. Bancorp nor has
Salomon Smith Barney made any physical inspection of the properties or assets of
NOVA or U.S. Bancorp. Salomon Smith Barney assumed, with the consent of NOVA's
board of directors, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization
for federal income tax purposes to the extent the consideration received is in
stock and as a purchase transaction in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Salomon Smith Barney did not express any opinion as to
what the value of the U.S. Bancorp common stock actually will be when issued in
the merger or the price at which the U.S. Bancorp common stock will trade
subsequent to the merger. Representatives of NOVA advised Salomon Smith Barney,
and Salomon Smith Barney assumed, that the final terms of the merger agreement
would not vary materially from those set forth in the draft reviewed by Salomon
Smith Barney. Salomon Smith Barney further assumed that the merger will be
consummated in a timely fashion and in accordance with the terms of the merger
agreement without waiver of any of the conditions precedent to the merger
contained in the merger agreement. Salomon Smith Barney expressed no view as to,
and its opinion did not address, the relative merits of the merger as compared
to any alternative business strategies that might exist for NOVA or the effect
of any other transaction in which NOVA might engage. Salomon Smith Barney's
opinion necessarily was based on information available to it, and financial,
stock market and other conditions and circumstances existing and disclosed to
Salomon Smith Barney as of the date of the opinion.
SALOMON SMITH BARNEY'S ADVISORY SERVICES AND ITS OPINION WERE PROVIDED FOR
THE INFORMATION OF NOVA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN ITS EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED
MERGER, AND SALOMON SMITH BARNEY'S OPINION IS NOT INTENDED TO BE AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO NOVA OR ITS SHAREHOLDERS, NOR DOES IT CONSTITUTE
A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY SHAREHOLDER AS TO HOW THAT SHAREHOLDER SHOULD VOTE ON
ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER.

    In connection with rendering its opinion, Salomon Smith Barney made a
presentation to NOVA's board of directors on May 6, 2001 with respect to the
material analyses performed by Salomon Smith Barney in evaluating the fairness
to NOVA from a financial point of view of the consideration to be received by
the holders of NOVA common stock in the merger. The following is a summary of
this presentation. The summary includes information presented in tabular format.
IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES USED BY SALOMON SMITH
BARNEY, THESE TABLES MUST BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY. THE
TABLES ALONE DO NOT CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES.
The following quantitative information, to the extent it is based on market
data, is, except as otherwise indicated, based on market data as it existed at
or prior to May 4, 2001 and is not necessarily indicative of current or future
market conditions.

    TRANSACTION PRICING MULTIPLES ANALYSIS.  Based on the closing price of NOVA
common stock on May 4, 2001 of $23.52, Salomon Smith Barney analyzed the implied
per share transaction value of $31.00 as a multiple of NOVA's LTM EPS and
estimated EPS for the years 2001 and 2002. Salomon Smith Barney also analyzed
the implied firm value, obtained by adding to equity value $225.5 million in
debt and subtracting therefrom $20.4 million in cash, as a multiple of 2000 net
revenues and LTM