The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
Background of the merger

   Since early 2000, NetIQ has pursued a strategy of further developing its
product lines through acquisitions of or investments in complementary products,
technologies and businesses. In May 2000, NetIQ completed its strategic
combination with Mission Critical Software, Inc. and Ganymede Software, Inc.

   On November 14, 2000, representatives of Wit SoundView introduced Ching-Fa
Hwang, President and Chief Executive Officer of NetIQ, James Barth, Chief
Financial Officer of NetIQ, and Richard Pleczko, Vice President, Marketing, of
NetIQ, to Elijahu Shapira, co-founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
WebTrends and W. Glen Boyd, co-founder, President and Chief Technical Officer
of WebTrends, who were attending a conference in Boca Raton, Florida. At the
meeting, the parties discussed the possibility of a meeting of their management
teams to explore potential joint business development opportunities.

    On November 27, 2000, Mr. Hwang and Tom Kemp, NetIQ's Senior Vice President,
Products, met with Messrs. Shapira and Boyd in Portland, Oregon. During the
meeting, the parties discussed the respective businesses, products, markets,
sales channels and financial results of the two companies. At the conclusion of
the meeting, the parties determined that more extensive discussions between the
management teams of the two companies should be organized.

    On December 5, 2000, WebTrends began working with Dain Rauscher Wessels with
respect to the potential transaction. That engagement was formalized on January
8, 2001.

    NetIQ had already retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act as its advisor
in connection with the consideration of potential acquisitions. On December 15,
2000, NetIQ management also engaged Wit SoundView to act as a financial adviser
in connection with a possible transaction with WebTrends.

   On the afternoon of December 11, 2000, Messrs. Hwang and Barth went to
Portland for further discussions and dinner with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd and Jim
Richardson, WebTrends' Chief Financial Officer. The discussions focussed on
each party's management styles, potential roles for WebTrends' senior
management in NetIQ after the proposed merger, the cultures of the two
companies and management's outlook on the future of their respective
businesses.

   On December 13, 2000, Mr. Hwang and members of NetIQ senior management met
with Mr. Shapira and members of WebTrends senior management in San Jose,
California to discuss the proposed acquisition of WebTrends by NetIQ. At the
meeting, the companies entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement. Mr.
Hwang, Mr. Shapira and members of their teams each provided overviews of their
respective company's products and product strategy, and discussed the business
opportunities and challenges faced by their respective companies, the
complementary nature of their respective businesses and their personal
philosophies and management styles. They also discussed conceptually the idea
of a combination of the two companies. In these discussions Mr. Hwang stressed
to Mr. Shapira the importance to NetIQ of Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd joining the
NetIQ management team in the event of a merger (including Mr. Shapira joining
the NetIQ board of directors) and agreeing to restrictions on their
dispositions of NetIQ common stock after the merger.
On December 14, 2000, the NetIQ board of directors met with representatives
of Credit Suisse First Boston and Davis Polk & Wardwell to discuss a potential
acquisition of WebTrends. The NetIQ board authorized management to continue its
discussions with WebTrends' management and, should these discussions progress,
to begin financial and legal due diligence.

   On December 20, 2000, Messrs. Hwang and Barth of NetIQ met in Portland,
Oregon with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd and Richardson. The discussion focused on
limitations that would be placed on dispositions of NetIQ common stock by
Messrs. Shapira and Boyd after the merger and financial results of NetIQ and
WebTrends. The parties also discussed possible timing and next steps for
discussions between the two companies.

   Over the holiday period the companies continued to exchange information and
to prepare for potential merger negotiations.

   On January 3, 2001, Davis Polk & Wardwell provided a draft merger agreement
to Perkins Coie for purposes of facilitating discussion of the possible
structure and terms of an acquisition of WebTrends by NetIQ.

   From January 4 to January 15, 2001, discussions continued between executives
and legal and financial advisors of the two companies and legal advisors for
Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd, and each company's CEO kept his board of directors
apprised through informal communications. These discussions included
consideration of the risks and issues surrounding an acquisition, the terms of
the acquisition, the roles of WebTrends' management and employees after the
acquisition, the restrictions that would apply to Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd in
transferring the shares received in the merger, the compatibility of the two
companies' technology, products and culture and each company's financial
condition and operating results. Davis Polk & Wardwell and Perkins Coie
exchanged numerous drafts of the merger agreement and related agreements,
negotiated the terms of these agreements and conducted legal due diligence
reviews.
On January 4 and 5, 2001, Mr. Barth led a team of NetIQ management, along
with representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston, Wit SoundView and Davis
Polk & Wardwell, in meetings with Mr. Richardson, WebTrends management and
representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels in Portland, Oregon at the offices of
Perkins Coie and at WebTrends' headquarters. WebTrends management made a series
of presentations on the products, technology, sales and distribution strategy
and financial results of WebTrends and responded to questions from NetIQ
management and its financial advisers. NetIQ's in-house counsel and Davis Polk
& Wardwell conducted legal due diligence.

   In discussions in early January, the parties tentatively agreed that based
on then current market prices an exchange ratio of approximately 0.48 NetIQ
shares for each WebTrends share would be acceptable to both sides. The parties
agreed to continue with due diligence investigations and with negotiation of
other terms of the merger agreement and to revisit the exchange ratio when
these matters had progressed further.

   On the morning of January 8, 2001, Mr. Hwang led a team including NetIQ's
senior management and one NetIQ director in meetings with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd
and WebTrends' senior management in Portland, Oregon. The parties continued to
discuss business due diligence issues and integration issues, including
possible roles for WebTrends' senior management in NetIQ after the proposed
acquisition.

   On January 8, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
in Portland, Oregon and discussed a possible business combination with NetIQ.
The management team provided background on the parties' discussions and
outlined the benefits of a proposed merger. Representatives of Dain Rauscher
Wessels presented information on NetIQ and its market opportunity and business.
They also reviewed NetIQ financial information. The board expressed its view
that discussions and diligence should continue.
On January 9, 2001, Mr. Hwang and NetIQ management discussed with the NetIQ
board of directors at a meeting in Houston, Texas the proposed acquisition of
WebTrends by NetIQ. The management team reviewed for the board the business of
WebTrends, the strategic rationale for the merger, the roles of WebTrends'
management and employees after the acquisition and the approximate exchange
ratio for the merger. Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston gave an
overview of financial considerations relating to the acquisition, and a
representative of Davis Polk & Wardwell reviewed with the board its legal
responsibilities and the terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement
and related agreements. The board authorized NetIQ management to conduct
further discussions and due diligence to determine the merits and possible
terms of a merger agreement.

   On January 10 and 11, 2001, Mr. Richardson led a team of WebTrends
management, along with representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels, in meetings
with Mr. Hwang, NetIQ management and representatives of Credit Suisse First
Boston and Wit SoundView at the Menlo Park, California offices of Davis Polk &
Wardwell and NetIQ's San Jose, California headquarters. NetIQ management made a
series of presentations on the products, technology, sales and distribution
strategy and financial results of NetIQ and responded to questions from
WebTrends management and its financial advisers. WebTrends' in-house counsel
and Perkins Coie conducted legal due diligence.
On January 12, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
to discuss the merger in detail. Perkins Coie reviewed the key terms of the
proposed transaction, the draft merger agreement and related documents and the
status of negotiations. Perkins Coie further advised the board of its fiduciary
duties and presented a legal diligence report on NetIQ. Members of WebTrends
management outlined the strategic reasons for a merger, integration plans, the
proposed management team of the combined entity and the results of business
diligence. Representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels offered a preliminary
financial analysis with respect to the proposed exchange ratio in the merger.
The board discussed the reports of Perkins Coie, Dain Rauscher Wessels and
management. Board members considered at length the proposed combination in
light of the presentations made and other factors. The board expressed its
approval of the continued negotiations and proposed transaction, subject to the
satisfactory completion of due diligence and the finalization of the merger
agreement.

   On January 13 and 14, 2001 the companies finalized the principal terms of
the merger, completed their due diligence and continued preparation of
definitive agreements. They also agreed that the 0.48 exchange ratio previously
discussed continued to be acceptable to both sides.

   On January 15, 2001, the NetIQ board of directors met with senior management
and NetIQ's financial and legal advisors to discuss the status of the proposed
merger. The management team reviewed for the board the business of WebTrends,
the strategic rationale for the merger, preliminary plans for integration of
the operations and products of the two companies, WebTrends' financial
condition and results of operations and the approximate exchange ratio for the
merger. Davis Polk & Wardwell reviewed with the NetIQ board its legal
responsibilities in considering the merger, the status of the negotiations, the
results of legal due diligence, the principal terms of the transaction and
drafts of the merger agreement and related agreements. Representatives of
Credit Suisse First Boston presented its analysis of the proposed merger and
delivered its oral opinion (confirmed the next day in writing) that the
exchange ratio, as of that date, was fair to NetIQ from a financial point of
view. After extensive discussion, at the conclusion of the meeting the NetIQ
board directors approved the acquisition, the merger agreement and the related
agreements.
On January 16, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
to consider approval of the merger. The board of directors reviewed the terms
of the definitive agreement with Perkins Coie and the resolution of previously
outstanding matters. In addition, Perkins Coie updated its legal diligence
report. Representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels rendered an oral opinion,
which opinion was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of
that date, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of WebTrends common stock. After full discussion, the WebTrends board
unanimously approved the merger and merger agreement and Mr. Shapira, Mr. Boyd
and Michael Burmeister-Brown entered into voting agreements related to the
merger.

   On January 16, 2001, after the approval of the merger by the WebTrends board
and the close of the stock market, the merger agreement and related agreements
were executed. The two companies issued a joint press release announcing the
acquisition prior to the opening of the stock market on January 17, 2001.

Reasons for the merger

   In their decisions to recommend and approve the merger, the boards of
directors of both NetIQ and WebTrends believe that the following reasons are
among the most important:

  . the merger will allow the combined company to provide a more
    comprehensive suite of products and services to customers than either
    company could provide alone, encompassing systems administration,
    operations management, network performance management, security
    management, web management and eBusiness analytics and intelligence;

  . the products of the two companies, while complementary, are not
    overlapping, which should avoid customer confusion and provide
    opportunities for cross-selling;

  . the combined company will have significantly greater scale, with
    approximately 1,000 employees and pro forma combined revenues for the
    twelve months ended June 30, 2000, of approximately $133.0 million,
    giving it greater resources to enhance market presence, pursue research
    and development opportunities and provide coverage to customers;

  . in addition to complementary products, each company has certain
    particular strengths that the combined company should benefit from,
    including in the case of NetIQ its direct sales organization and in the
    case of WebTrends its telemarketing and eBusiness fulfillment
    capabilities;

  . the combination of the operations of the two companies should also result
    in efficiencies arising from shared business functions, information and
    other systems, and proprietary technologies;

  . the combined company should be more attractive not only to customers but
    also to important partners such as Microsoft;

  . for NetIQ, the merger enhances and accelerates its ability to serve
    customers with heterogeneous operating environments that go beyond
    NetIQ's traditional focus on the Windows platform;

  . for WebTrends, integration with NetIQ enhances its ability to sell higher
    value products as part of its evolution beyond web analytics to business
    intelligence; and

  . NetIQ and WebTrends share a number of important long-term corporate
    values, including a commitment to market leadership through innovative
    products and a desire to continuously deliver more value to customers.
    Both companies also benefit from talented and dedicated employees with a
    long-standing commitment to excellence. The boards believe that these
    shared values will facilitate a relatively smooth integration of the two
    companies.
Factors Considered. Each board of directors consulted with its respective
management and outside legal and financial advisors as part of the process of
approving the merger. The boards considered the following factors among others:

  . historical information concerning the business, financial performance and
    condition, market opportunity and position, technology and management of
    the two companies;

  . the respective managements' views of the benefits of the merger and of
    the impact of the merger on the combined business and operations of the
    two companies;

  . estimates of future financial results of the two companies illustrating
    the potential financial results of the combined company;

  . current and historical information concerning the trading prices and
    volatility of the two companies' shares;

  . the consideration to be delivered by NetIQ and received by WebTrends
    shareholders compared to that in other transactions deemed comparable;

  . for WebTrends, the opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels to the effect that,
    as of the date of the opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger is fair
    from a financial point of view to the holders of WebTrends common stock;

  . for NetIQ, the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston to the effect that,
    from a financial point of view to NetIQ;

  . the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and the related voting
    agreements are reasonable;

  . the impact of the merger upon customers and employees of the respective
    companies; and

  . reports from the respective companies' managements, financial and legal
    advisors as to the results of their due diligence investigation of the
    other company.

   Potential risks or other negative factors identified by the boards of
directors include the following:

  . the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;