The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Rosetta Inpharmatics Inc & Merck & Co Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         On March 20, 2001, Dr. Stephen Friend, President, Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of Rosetta met with representatives of Merck at Merck's
headquarters in Whitehouse Station, New Jersey and presented certain
technologies of Rosetta and various areas of potential collaboration. Dr.
Anthony Ford-Hutchinson, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Research of Merck
Research Laboratories, subsequently held various additional telephonic
conversations with Dr. Friend between March 20 and March 30, 2001 to discuss the
areas of interest for potential collaborations between Merck and Rosetta and
other matters. During the course of these conversations, Dr. Ford-Hutchinson
asked Dr. Friend if Rosetta would be willing to explore a relationship broader
than a collaboration between the parties. Dr. Friend indicated that due to
Rosetta's advanced discussions with multiple potential collaborative partners,
if Merck were interested in a transaction that would be broader than a research
collaboration, Merck would need to expedite the process of assessing its
interest. Thereafter, representatives of Merck and Rosetta continued to have
additional telephonic conversations regarding possible transactions between the
two companies.
On April 17, 2001, representatives of Merck visited Rosetta's
facilities and received presentations on certain of Rosetta's scientific
capabilities. Also on this date, Dr. Ford-Hutchinson met with Dr. Friend and
indicated that Merck was interested in exploring the possibility of acquiring
Rosetta.

         On April 18, 2001, Rosetta engaged Lazard Freres & Co. LLC to provide
strategic and financial advice in connection with the potential sale of Rosetta.

         From April 17 to April 24, 2001, Dr. Friend discussed Merck's interest
in acquiring Rosetta with each member of Rosetta's board of directors and with
representatives of Lazard. The executive committee of Rosetta's board of
directors authorized Dr. Friend to proceed with exploring Merck's interest in a
potential acquisition.

         Between April 17 and 24, 2001, a number of conversations were held
between various representatives of Rosetta and Merck during which the parties
discussed Rosetta's willingness to review the level of Merck's interest and
commitment to a potential acquisition transaction, and to ascertain whether
Rosetta should expend the management time and effort necessary to entertain the
possibility of a business combination transaction. Merck suggested that a
potential acquisition price would be approximately $14 per share. At this time,
Dr. Friend stated that any potential acquisition price would have to be higher
than Rosetta's initial public offering price of $14.00 per share. On April 23,
2001, representatives of Merck informed Dr. Friend that Merck was optimistic
that the parties could reach agreement on price and that Merck was willing to
move rapidly forward in discussing a potential acquisition.

          On the morning of April 24, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors held a
special meeting via teleconference to discuss Merck's interest in acquiring
Rosetta. At this meeting, representatives of Lazard presented certain
preliminary financial analyses with

                                      -26-


respect to the valuation of Rosetta. In addition, Rosetta's management discussed
with Rosetta's board of directors its interpretation of Merck's preliminary
indication of interest as implying a purchase price of $14.00 per share.
Following an extended discussion, the board of directors authorized senior
management to, among other things, attempt to negotiate a higher price before
allowing Merck to proceed with due diligence. At the direction of Rosetta's
board of directors, Lazard communicated to Merck that a higher price than that
initially discussed by the parties would be required for Rosetta to enter into
further negotiations with Merck regarding a potential transaction, and that the
consideration would need to be Merck common stock.
During the afternoon of April 24, 2001, representatives of Merck and
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merck's financial advisor, indicated to Lazard that
Merck would be willing to offer up to $18 per share of Rosetta common stock
payable in Merck common stock, valued as of the signing of a definitive
agreement. Merck's indication of interest was conditioned on certain
stockholders of Rosetta entering into voting and option agreements, certain
employees entering into employment agreements to be effective upon consummation
of a transaction, and the inclusion in any definitive agreement of termination
fee and non-solicitation provisions. Merck's proposal was also conditioned upon
Rosetta providing Merck with an exclusivity period and a grant of a
non-exclusive license to Merck with respect to specified intellectual property
of Rosetta to be effective upon the signing of a definitive agreement. Lazard
then provided Rosetta's management with a detailed summary of their discussions
with Merck and J.P. Morgan.

         On the evening of April 24, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors again
held a special meeting via teleconferenece to further discuss Merck's possible
interest in a merger, including the fact that Merck had agreed to pay $18 per
share payable in Merck common stock, as well as details on the conditions to
Merck's indication of interest described above, which Rosetta's management had
previously conveyed to the board of directors. At this meeting, Rosetta's board
of directors also authorized officers of Rosetta to (i) allow Merck to engage in
a due diligence review of Rosetta, (ii) conduct a due diligence review of
Merck's business operations and prospects, (iii) negotiate and enter into a
non-disclosure agreement with Merck, and (iv) negotiate the terms of an
exclusivity agreement with Merck.
Between April 24 and April 26, 2001, representatives of Lazard and J.P.
Morgan had numerous telephone conversations to discuss timing and potential
terms of a transaction between Rosetta and Merck including, among others, price,
form of consideration, structure of the transaction, termination and
non-solicitation provisions, stockholder voting and option agreements,
employment agreements, licensing arrangements, the treatment of outstanding
options to purchase Rosetta common stock and an exclusivity period.

         On the afternoon of April 26, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors held a
special meeting via teleconference to ratify and confirm the terms of the
exclusivity agreement between Rosetta and Merck entered into earlier in the day.
Also on April 26, 2001, in accordance with its obligations under the exclusivity
agreement, Rosetta notified certain potential collaboration partners with which
it was then currently in discussions that Rosetta would have to immediately
cease further negotiations with regard to such collaborations. Early in the
evening of April 26, 2001, Merck and Rosetta finalized their agreement regarding
nondisclosure issues.

                                      -27-

         Between April 27 and May 10, 2001, representatives of Rosetta and
Merck, together with their respective legal and financial advisors, held
numerous meetings and teleconferences to discuss and review Rosetta's business,
Merck's due diligence investigation, and various other legal, financial and
regulatory issues.


         On May 2, 2001, Merck's legal advisors delivered a draft merger
agreement and stockholder voting and option agreements to Rosetta and its
advisors. From May 2 through May 10, 2001, representatives of Rosetta and Merck,
together with their respective legal and financial advisors, held a series of
discussions concerning mutually acceptable terms for the merger and the
stockholder voting and option agreements. Merck also engaged in discussions with
various employees of Rosetta with respect to the terms of the employment
agreement that would govern their employment upon consummation of the merger.

         On May 9, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors held a special meeting via
teleconference to review the status of negotiations and the terms and conditions
of the proposed merger and the voting and option agreements. Outside counsel and
representatives of Lazard presented a detailed review of the terms of the
proposed merger agreement and stockholder voting and option agreements.
On May 10, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors met with senior
management and Rosetta's legal and financial advisors at a special meeting of
the board of directors held via teleconference to discuss the status of the
negotiations with Merck, Rosetta's due diligence review of Merck and the
directors' comments on the draft of the merger agreement and stock option and
voting agreement. After senior management provided its views of the merger and
related matters, a representative of Lazard presented their analyses of various
items of information to serve as the basis for the board of directors evaluating
the proposed exchange ratio and orally informed the board of directors of its
opinion (subsequently confirmed in writing) that, as of such date, the exchange
ratio to be offered to the holders of Rosetta common stock (other than the
stockholders who entered into voting and option agreements) in the merger was
fair to such stockholders from a financial point of view. See "The Merger --
Opinion of Financial Advisor to Rosetta." Lazard also responded to questions
raised by members of Rosetta's board of directors regarding its analysis and
opinion. Following the presentation, Rosetta's board of directors engaged in a
full discussion of the terms of the proposed merger, including the strategic
benefits of the merger, the terms and conditions of the proposed merger
agreement, including the licensing arrangement, the stockholder voting and
option agreements, the employment agreements required by Merck as a condition to
signing the merger agreement, and the analysis and opinion of Lazard. Rosetta's
board of directors then concluded (by the unanimous vote of the directors) that
the merger agreement is fair to, and in the best interests of, Rosetta and its
stockholders. Accordingly, on May 10, 2001, Rosetta's board of directors
approved the merger, the merger agreement and licensing arrangement, and the
voting and option agreements and related agreements, and authorized management
to proceed with the execution of the merger documents.
The merger agreement was signed by all parties late in the evening of
May 10, 2001. Thereafter, prior to the commencement of trading on the Nasdaq
National Market on May 11, Rosetta and

                                      -28-

Merck issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the merger
agreement and the stockholder voting and option agreements.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE ROSETTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         The following discussion of Rosetta's reasons for the merger contains a
number of forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of Rosetta
with respect to future events that may have an effect on its future financial
performance. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Cautionary statements that identify
important factors that could cause or contribute to differences in results and
outcomes include those referred to in "Cautionary Statement Concerning
Forward-Looking Statements," "Risk Factors" and "Rosetta's Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations --
Risks Related to Rosetta and its Business."
At the special meeting of Rosetta's board of directors held on May 10,
2001, the directors voted unanimously to approve and declare advisable the
merger agreement and the stockholder voting and option agreements and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, to direct that the adoption
of the merger agreement be submitted to a vote of Rosetta's stockholders and to
recommend that Rosetta's stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement. In the
course of reaching its decision to enter into the merger agreement and the
voting and option agreements, Rosetta's board of directors consulted with its
senior management, outside legal counsel and financial adviser, reviewed a
significant amount of information and considered a number of factors, the most
relevant of which include the following:

         -   Merck's business reputation and global activities, together with
             its research and marketing capabilities and reputation, which
             Rosetta's board of directors believes places Merck and technology
             in a strong position to optimize the value of Rosetta's business
             and technology and to reflect that value in the price paid to the
             stockholders in the merger.

         -   That by combining complementary operations, the combined company
             would have better opportunities for future growth.

         -   The opportunity for Rosetta's stockholders to participate in a
             larger, more diversified organization and to benefit from the
             potential appreciation in the value of Merck's common stock.

         -   Information concerning the business, earnings, operations,
             competitive position and prospects of Rosetta and Merck both
             individually and on a combined basis.

         -   The opportunity for Rosetta stockholders to receive a significant
             premium over the existing market price for shares of Rosetta's
             common stock prior to the announcement of the merger and an even
             larger premium over the average market price for shares of
             Rosetta's common stock over the thirty days preceding the
             announcement.

                                      -29-

         -   Information on the historical trading ranges of Rosetta's common
             stock and Merck's common stock.

         -   The review of, and discussions with, Rosetta senior management,
             legal and financial advisors regarding certain business, financial,
             legal and accounting aspects of the merger, the results of the
             legal and financial due diligence and a review of the terms and
             conditions to the merger.

         -   The opinion of Rosetta's financial adviser that, as of May 10,
             2001, and subject to the assumptions and limitations set forth in
             the fairness opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial
             point of view, to the holders of the outstanding shares of
             Rosetta's common stock (other than the stockholders who entered
             into voting and option agreements), and the financial presentation
             made by Rosetta's financial adviser to the board of directors of
             Rosetta in connection with the delivery of its opinion.

         -   The potential strategic and financial alternatives to the merger
             available to Rosetta which could specifically facilitate its
             efforts to move to the next stage of development, beyond providing
             tools and software and into direct involvement with drug discovery.

         -   The possibility, as alternatives to the merger, of seeking to
             acquire another company, seeking to engage in one or more joint
             ventures, seeking to raise additional capital, or seeking to engage
             in a business combination with an organization other than Merck.

         -   The likely impact of the merger on Rosetta's employees and
             customers.

         -   The expected effect of the merger on Rosetta's existing
             relationships with third party collaborators, including Agilent
             Technologies, Inc.

         -   The interests that certain executive officers and directors of
             Rosetta may have with respect to the merger, in addition to their
             interests as stockholders of Rosetta generally, as described in
             "The Merger -- Interests of Board of Directors and Executive
             Officers of Rosetta in the Merger."

         -   The fact that Rosetta may terminate the merger agreement upon
             receipt of a superior acquisition proposal, subject to the payment
             of specified termination fees.

         -   The fact that the parties intended for the  merger to qualify as a
             tax-free transaction for U. S. federal income tax purposes (except
             for tax resulting from any cash received for fractional shares by
             the holders of Rosetta's common stock) which would permit Rosetta's
             stockholders to receive Merck common stock in a tax-free exchange.

                                      -30-