The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between HS Resources Inc & Kerr-McGee Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     On December 4, 2000, at its regular quarterly meeting, the board of
directors of HS Resources discussed how the changing oil and gas industry
environment might impact HS Resources' strategic direction. The board concluded
that it should be prepared to discuss in more detail, at its next regular
meeting in February 2001, the various strategic alternatives available to HS
Resources, and the board instructed management to prepare to facilitate such a
discussion.
In early January 2001, HS Resources' management began an internal
evaluation and strategic alternatives analysis. On January 5, 2001, Nicholas J.
Sutton, HS Resources' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, discussed with a
representative of Lehman Brothers Inc., long-time financial advisor to HS
Resources, the possibility of Lehman Brothers assisting in the analysis.
Accordingly, on January 25, 2001, representatives of Lehman Brothers met in San
Francisco with senior management of HS Resources to discuss the various
strategic alternatives available to HS Resources. Following the discussion, Mr.
Sutton asked Lehman Brothers to present to the HS Resources board at its
February 2001 meeting Lehman Brothers' view of the strategic alternatives
available to HS Resources.

     At the regular HS Resources board meeting on February 15, 2001,
representatives of Lehman Brothers engaged in a discussion of the environment
for exploration and production companies and analyzed several strategic
alternatives available to HS Resources, including to continue the company's
business in accordance with its existing plan, to acquire or merge with another
company for the purpose of growing, or to enter into a terminating transaction
in the form of a merger or a sale of HS Resources or its assets.

     On March 7, 2001, Shell Oil Company announced that it had made a proposal
to the board of Barrett Resources Corporation to acquire all of the outstanding
shares of Barrett, and on March 12, 2001, Shell commenced an unsolicited tender
offer for the Barrett shares. Shortly after the announcement of the Shell
proposal, Mr. Sutton asked Lehman Brothers to present to the HS Resources board
Lehman Brothers'
views on how the Barrett situation might affect HS Resources' strategic
alternatives in light of the fact that HS Resources' assets and business are
similar to those of Barrett. Representatives of Lehman Brothers did so at a
special telephonic meeting of the HS Resources board on March 12, 2001. During
the meeting Lehman Brothers discussed the various alternatives that had been
discussed previously with the HS Resources board as well as the ongoing
consolidation in the industry as demonstrated by Shell's offer to acquire
Barrett. Lehman Brothers suggested that the stock market activity related to HS
Resources and similarly situated exploration and production companies following
the Shell announcement underscored the market's expectation that such
consolidation would continue. In addition, Lehman Brothers discussed the
possibility that exploration and production companies of HS Resources' size
would likely continue to be valued in the stock market at a discount to the
larger companies for the foreseeable future. At the meeting Lehman Brothers also
discussed the industry conditions generally, and the Shell/Barrett situation
more particularly. Following the Lehman Brothers presentation, the HS Resources
board concluded that additional information as to the potential acquisition
value of HS Resources was needed to properly evaluate the possible sale
alternative. Accordingly, the HS Resources board decided to retain Lehman
Brothers to contact prospective acquirors to learn what level of interest might
exist if HS Resources were to consider a sale. The board made clear that it had
not made a determination to sell the company, and that a sale would be pursued
only if it learned that the price that could be achieved was in the best
interest of the shareholders. By engagement letter dated March 13, 2001, HS
Resources retained Lehman Brothers to proceed with this market test.
On March 15, 2001, HS Resources management and Lehman Brothers discussed a
strategy to conduct such a market test. HS Resources' management made clear that
the market inquiry was to be conducted on a confidential basis because it
represented only one of HS Resources' strategic alternatives and because
management did not wish to destabilize the ongoing business by potentially
unwarranted public speculation concerning a potential transaction. Lehman
Brothers and HS Resources' management identified a list of the companies most
likely to find HS Resources' assets and organization to be of strategic
interest. Lehman Brothers was directed to contact each of these companies and
present it with an analysis, based solely on public data, of the strategic and
financial implications of a possible transaction with HS Resources. If
sufficient interest existed, and subject to execution by interested parties of
confidentiality and standstill agreements, HS Resources management would provide
access to nonpublic information.

     During the week of March 19, 2001, HS Resources' management and Lehman
Brothers agreed on a list of companies that would be contacted. The list
included major integrated oil and gas companies, large independent exploration
and production companies, and companies in the power generation industry. From
March 26, 2001 through April 9, 2001, Lehman Brothers met with these companies
to discuss HS Resources.
On April 17, 18 and 19, 2001, senior managers of HS Resources met with
three companies, including Kerr-McGee, that had expressed definite interest in
exploring further the possibility of a business combination. Each of the three
companies signed confidentiality/standstill agreements. The companies continued
due diligence during the weeks of April 23 and 30, 2001, and were provided
instructions regarding the submission of acquisition proposals, as well as a
proposed form of merger agreement. The companies were advised to submit
proposals, including any changes they would require in the draft merger
agreement, to Lehman Brothers by the close of business on May 4, 2001.

     On May 4, 2001, Kerr-McGee submitted a bid of $60.50 for each share of HS
Resources stock, with the consideration to be 70% cash and 30% stock, and
indicated a willingness to structure the transaction to obtain certain tax
efficiencies. Kerr-McGee's bid had been approved by the finance committee of
Kerr-McGee's board of directors (although the proposed transaction was subject
to approval of the full board) and contained only customary conditions.
Kerr-McGee's proposal did not include a financing condition. Kerr-McGee also
submitted a complete markup of the draft merger agreement.

     A second interested company submitted an indication of interest that was
structured as an all stock pooling-of-interests transaction, with a fixed value
of $65.00 per share. This proposal contained numerous

contingencies, including further due diligence, and the requirement that the
transaction receive pooling accounting treatment, and included a unilateral
right of the purchaser to terminate the transaction if the market price for the
purchaser's common stock fell below a specified level. No markup of the merger
agreement was provided. In telephone conversations with Lehman Brothers
following receipt of the indication of interest, this company gave assurances
that it could provide a markup soon and that the due diligence could be
completed within a short time. This company also stated that the proposal
required internal investment committee approval and had not yet been presented
to its board of directors.

     The third company that had attended the management presentations did not
submit a proposal.

     HS Resources, Lehman Brothers and HS Resources' outside counsel, Davis
Graham & Stubbs and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, considered the proposals
over the weekend following May 4, 2001. On May 6, 2001, Davis Graham & Stubbs
provided to HS Resources' senior management an analysis of the proposals from a
legal perspective and a summary of Kerr-McGee's material changes to the proposed
form of merger agreement, and Lehman Brothers provided a financial and
transactional analysis of the proposals. HS Resources' general counsel and
outside counsel discussed with Lehman Brothers the legal and structural aspects
of the competing proposals in a conference call on the morning of May 6, 2001.
Lehman Brothers and HS Resources' management discussed the proposals in a
conference call later that day. Following discussion and review of the Lehman
Brothers and Davis Graham & Stubbs materials, the HS Resources board directed
Lehman Brothers to contact the two parties to seek clarification and provide
guidance regarding their respective proposals.

     On the evening of May 6, 2001, Lehman Brothers contacted a representative
of the second company and advised that the contingencies in the proposal needed
to be eliminated as soon as possible, that it needed to submit a markup of the
merger agreement immediately, that it needed to obtain all necessary internal
approvals, including board approval, that the company was at a competitive
disadvantage because of the contingent nature of its indication of interest and
that, while its value proposition was competitive, it should consider increasing
the consideration being offered.
On May 7, 2001, representatives of Lehman Brothers contacted Mr. Luke
Corbett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kerr-McGee. They advised him
that Kerr-McGee's proposed value for HS Resources was not compelling, but that
its markup of the merger agreement suggested the parties could likely reach
agreement if appropriate value were offered.

     On May 8, 2001, the Kerr-McGee board met and discussed its bid for HS
Resources. Later that day, Mr. Corbett advised Lehman Brothers that Kerr-McGee
was increasing its bid to $66.00 per share in the same ratio of 70% cash and 30%
stock, and specified that the stock component would be issued on the basis of a
fixed exchange ratio to be agreed upon by the parties. Lehman Brothers advised
Kerr-McGee that its revised proposal would be considered at the next HS
Resources board meeting, which was expected to take place on May 10.
On May 7, 2001, the second company requested the right to conduct
additional due diligence on HS Resources, which occurred early that week
telephonically and in person in Denver. At that time, the second company was
advised that any additional proposal it desired to submit should be made by noon
Pacific time on Thursday, May 10, the date of the next HS Resources board
meeting. The second company was again advised to eliminate the contingencies in
its offer, to address the value issues surrounding its bid (including the fixed
value mechanism and walk away right) and to consider increasing the value being
offered. Additional due diligence and meetings among the parties and Lehman
Brothers were conducted on May 9 in Denver, at which these points were
reemphasized to the second company. The second company indicated that it would
submit a revised proposal but that HS Resources should not expect to be offered
higher value. On May 10, 2001, the second company submitted a revised offer
letter, along with a markup of the draft merger agreement. The letter offered
$65.00 per share in a fixed value stock for stock pooling-of-interests
transaction, with the second company retaining the right (i) to change to a 50%
cash/50% stock transaction following execution of definitive agreements, and
(ii) if the purchaser's stock price declined by a specified percentage, to
substitute cash in lieu of stock. The offer removed the due diligence condition,
but remained subject to internal committee and board approvals with

board consideration scheduled for Wednesday of the following week. The offer by
its terms expired at 5:00 p.m. on May 10, 2001, if not accepted.

     On May 10, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting, the board of HS
Resources considered the status of the proposals. HS Resources' outside counsel
participated in the board meeting by conference telephone call to discuss the
board's duties, answer questions, generally advise the board concerning the
process that was underway and discuss the proposals and the terms of the revised
forms of merger agreement. Counsel advised the board that, based on its review
of the Kerr-McGee draft merger agreement and preliminary review of the second
company's draft merger agreement, the second company's draft appeared to be
somewhat less favorable to HS Resources than the Kerr-McGee draft. The board
discussed the respective advantages of pursuing the competing proposals, as well
as the relative values of the consideration offered. Given the advanced state of
the Kerr-McGee proposal, the determination that the Kerr-McGee proposal appeared
to offer significantly greater probability of completion and the high value the
proposal represented, the board directed management to begin negotiating a
definitive merger agreement with Kerr-McGee. The board also directed counsel to
undertake a more detailed review of the second company's draft merger agreement
and advised Lehman Brothers to inform the second company that it needed to
obtain all internal approvals, including board approval, as promptly as
possible.

     On May 10, 2001, after the board meeting, Lehman Brothers contacted the
second company to indicate that the board approval contingency in its proposal
continued to disadvantage it in the negotiations. Lehman also indicated that HS
Resources had not had an adequate opportunity to review the proposed changes to
the merger agreement.

     Negotiations between Kerr-McGee and HS Resources commenced on May 11, 2001.
On May 12, 2001, the Kerr-McGee and HS Resources negotiating teams arrived at a
form of agreement that each was prepared to recommend to its board of directors.
Forms of the definitive merger agreement were distributed to members of both the
Kerr-McGee and HS Resources boards that evening.
On May 13, 2001, the HS Resources board met in San Francisco with
representatives of Lehman Brothers and HS Resources' general counsel and outside
counsel. Lehman Brothers presented its analysis of the Kerr-McGee proposal,
discussed the process undertaken with Kerr-McGee and the second company,
provided its views as to value for both HS Resources common stock and Kerr-McGee
common stock, and delivered its opinion, orally and in writing, that as of such
date, based on and subject to the matters discussed with the HS Resources board,
the consideration to be offered to the HS Resources stockholders in the merger
was fair to the stockholders of HS Resources from a financial point of view. HS
Resources' outside counsel advised the board regarding the two proposals under
consideration and the contingencies remaining in the second company's proposal.
Counsel then proceeded to advise the board concerning its fiduciary duties,
reviewed the terms of the merger agreement with the board and answered questions
of the board. The board also reviewed each of the matters related to the
transaction in which the HS Resources board and HS Resources senior management
had an interest that would be different from or in addition to the interests of
HS Resources stockholders in general. See "Interests of Certain Persons in the
Merger." Following the discussion, the board unanimously determined that the
proposed merger agreement with Kerr-McGee and the merger and the other
transactions provided for in the merger agreement were advisable and are fair to
and in the best interests of HS Resources and its stockholders, unanimously
approved the merger agreement and the merger and the other transactions provided
for in the merger agreement, and unanimously recommended that the stockholders
of HS Resources adopt the merger agreement. Kerr-McGee and HS Resources then
executed the merger agreement. The Kerr-McGee board had approved the merger
agreement earlier that day. On May 14, 2001, Kerr-McGee and HS Resources issued