The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Healthcare.com Corp & Xcare Net Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Since XCare.net's initial public offering in February 2000, XCare.net's
management has been exploring opportunities to further develop XCare.net's
product line through business partnerships, and through acquisitions of, or
investments in, complementary products, technologies and businesses. During this
time, XCare.net has successfully identified and acquired three separate
companies that have complemented XCare.net's business and technology, and have
developed relationships with several others.
In late 2000 and early 2001, Healthcare.com began implementing a strategy
to become an end-to-end solution provider for the healthcare industry. As part
of this strategy, in January 2001, Healthcare.com retained FAC/Equities, an
investment banking firm, to provide financial advisory and investment banking
services to Healthcare.com in connection with a possible acquisition by
Healthcare.com of complementary products, technologies or businesses. In
February 2001, Healthcare.com's board of directors determined that it was in the
best interests of Healthcare.com to take actions to increase the per share price
of Healthcare.com's common stock. The board of directors approved an amendment
to Healthcare.com's articles of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split
whereby Healthcare.com would issue one new share of Healthcare.com common stock
in exchange for not less than three nor more than five shares of

outstanding common stock, the exact number of which would be determined by the
board of directors after approval of the amendment by Healthcare.com
stockholders. The proposed amendment was submitted to Healthcare.com's
stockholders at Healthcare.com's annual meeting of stockholders held on May 11,
2001.

     On February 6, 2001, FAC/Equities introduced Lorine Sweeney, president and
chief executive officer of XCare.net and Gary Scherping, vice president, finance
of XCare.net to Mike McGuire, the chief operating officer of Healthcare.com and
Sandra Schafer, the vice president of business development at Healthcare.com, at
a conference in New Orleans hosted by FAC/Equities. As a result of the
introduction, a meeting was scheduled for February 27, 2001 in Englewood,
Colorado.
On February 27, 2001, Deborah Dean, senior vice president of e-business for
Healthcare.com and other members of Healthcare.com technical staff went to
XCare.net's headquarters to meet with Ms. Sweeney, Tom Pianko, XCare.net's
senior vice president of sales, marketing and business development and John
Hickey, XCare.net's chief operating officer to discuss a potential strategic
partnership.

     On March 16, 2001, Ms. Sweeney contacted representatives of Robertson
Stephens, Inc. concerning Robertson Stephens' representation of XCare.net in a
possible business combination with Healthcare.com.

     On March 19, 2001, XCare.net and Healthcare.com entered into a mutual
nondisclosure agreement.

     On March 21, 2001, representatives of the management teams of the two
companies met at XCare.net's headquarters in Englewood, Colorado. Attending
these meetings were Ms. Sweeney, Mr. Murrie and various senior executives in
charge of finance, sales, marketing and product development activities for
XCare.net and Healthcare.com. Representatives of Robertson Stephens and
FAC/Equities also attended. During these meetings, management of the two
companies discussed their businesses and operations in greater detail. In
addition, Joseph Blankenship, Healthcare.com's chief financial officer, held a
conference call with Robertson Stephens and FAC/Equities to discuss
Healthcare.com's historical and projected results.

     On March 26, 2001, representatives from Robertson Stephens and FAC/Equities
held a conference call to discuss preliminary analyses as to the relative
valuations of the two companies and the range of possible exchange ratios that
might be used in an acquisition of Healthcare.com by XCare.net. Also on this
day, Ms. Sweeney and Mr. Murrie, met in Dallas, Texas to discuss the
organizational structure of the respective companies and alternative
organizational structures of the combined companies.
On March 30, 2001, representatives of Robertson Stephens and FAC/Equities
held a second conference call to continue valuation discussions and discuss
additional steps to be taken in pursuing a possible business combination.

     On April 5, 2001, the board of directors of XCare.net held a regularly
scheduled meeting. At the meeting, Ms. Sweeney discussed with the board the
strategic rationale for pursuing an acquisition of Healthcare.com.
Representatives of Robertson Stephens attended the meeting and presented to
XCare.net's board of directors a preliminary financial analysis with respect to
an acquisition of Healthcare.com. After discussion, XCare.net's board of
directors directed XCare.net's senior management to continue to pursue the
transaction.

     On April 16, 2001, members of XCare.net senior management, including Ms.
Sweeney and Gary Scherping, XCare.net's chief financial officer, participated in
a telephone conference with representatives of Robertson Stephens to discuss the
potential acquisition of Healthcare.com, including valuation and strategy.

     On April 17, 2001, the board of directors of Healthcare.com held a
regularly scheduled meeting. At the meeting, Mr. Murrie updated the board on the
status of the potential transaction with XCare.net, including an upcoming
meeting of the company's stockholders to be held on April 23, 2001.

     On April 23, 2001, members of XCare.net's management and board of directors
met with members of Healthcare.com's management and board of directors at
Healthcare.com's corporate headquarters to discuss the transaction. The
discussions centered around the valuation of each company.

     On April 30, 2001, the board of directors of Healthcare.com held a special
telephonic meeting. During the meeting, Mr. Murrie summarized the discussions
between Healthcare.com and XCare.net and the results of Healthcare.com's
preliminary review of XCare.net's business and technology. In addition, Parker
H. Petit, chairman of the board of directors, summarized his discussions with
Ms. Sweeney. After discussion, Healthcare.com's board of directors directed
Healthcare.com's management to continue to pursue the transaction. In addition,
Healthcare.com's board of directors appointed a strategic finance committee to
approve the terms and conditions of the engagement of FAC/Equities to provide
financial advisory and investment banking services relating to the proposed
transaction with XCare.net.
From May 1 to May 4, 2001, representatives of XCare.net, Healthcare.com and
their respective financial and legal advisors held meetings at the Wyndham Hotel
in Marietta, Georgia and at Healthcare.com's offices in Marietta, Georgia. The
purpose of these meetings was to permit XCare.net to conduct a due diligence
investigation of Healthcare.com. Among the personnel representing XCare.net at
these meetings from time to time over the four day period were Mr. Scherping and
Juan Perez, XCare.net's director of accounting. Among the personnel representing
Healthcare.com were Mr. Murrie, Mr. Blankenship, Ms. Schafer and Ms. Dean. Also
present for portions of these meetings were representatives of Robertson
Stephens, financial advisor to XCare.net, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
legal counsel to XCare.net, Ernst & Young LLP, accountants for XCare.net,
FAC/Equities, financial advisor to Healthcare.com and Troutman Sanders LLP,
legal counsel to Healthcare.com. Concurrently with these meetings,
representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati conducted legal due
diligence of Healthcare.com, and Ernst & Young conducted financial and
accounting due diligence in Marietta, Georgia.

     On May 4, 2001 representatives from XCare.net and Healthcare.com held
meetings at Healthcare.com's corporate office in Marietta, Georgia. The purpose
of these meetings was to permit XCare.net to conduct a technical due diligence
investigation of Healthcare.com's software. Personnel representing XCare.net
were Ms. Sweeney, Afshin Cangarlu, XCare.net's senior vice president and general
manager and Tammy McLaren, XCare.net's senior vice president of technology and
integration partners. Personnel representing Healthcare.com were Ms. Dean and
other members of Healthcare.com's technical staff. Also present was Ann Ting,
president and chief operating officer of Confer Software.
On May 7 and 8, 2001, representatives of Healthcare.com, FAC/Equities,
Troutman Sanders and KPMG LLP, independent accountants for Healthcare.com,
conducted a due diligence investigation of XCare.net at XCare.net's offices in
Englewood, Colorado. Among the personnel representing Healthcare.com at the due
diligence sessions were Mr. Blankenship and other finance and business
development personnel of Healthcare.com, representatives of FAC/Equities,
representatives of Troutman Sanders and representatives of KPMG. Participating
in these meetings representing XCare.net were Mr. Scherping and other financial,
marketing and business development personnel of XCare.net, representatives from
Robertson Stephens and representatives from Ernst & Young.

     On May 10, 2001, members of Healthcare.com's management and board of
directors held meetings with members of XCare.net's management at the Wyndham
Hotel in Marietta, Georgia. Representing XCare.net at the meetings were Ms.
Sweeney and Mr. Scherping. Among the personnel representing Healthcare.com at
the meetings were Mr. Murrie, Mr. Petit, Mr. Blankenship, Leslie Jones, general
counsel for Healthcare.com, and Ms. Schafer. Also present for portions of the
meetings were representatives from Robertson Stephens, FAC/Equities, Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Troutman Sanders. During the course of the
meetings, management of XCare.net and Healthcare.com negotiated, and eventually
agreed to, the principal terms of the transaction, including the exchange ratio,
subject to the approval of each company's boards of directors and the
negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement.

     From May 10 through May 14, 2001, representatives of XCare.net,
Healthcare.com, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Troutman Sanders negotiated
the definitive merger agreement and the related transaction agreements.

     On May 11, 2001, following Healthcare.com's annual meeting of stockholders,
Healthcare.com's board of directors held its annual meeting. At the board of
directors meeting, management of Healthcare.com updated the board of directors
on the status of negotiations with XCare.net. In addition, FAC/Equities made a
preliminary presentation regarding various financial analyses of the proposed
merger with XCare.net. Healthcare.com's board of directors instructed management
to continue negotiations with XCare.net and approved indemnification agreements
to be entered into between Healthcare.com and its directors and executive
officers. At Healthcare.com's annual meeting of stockholders, Healthcare.com's
stockholders approved the proposed amendment to Healthcare.com's articles of
incorporation to effect a reverse stock split.
On May 14, 2001, XCare.net's and Healthcare.com's respective boards of
directors held special meetings to consider the approval of the merger and the
merger agreement and related agreements. At the XCare.net board meeting, Ms.
Sweeney again reviewed the strategic and business rationale for the proposed
merger. Representatives of Robertson Stephens then reviewed financial analyses
they had prepared in connection with their evaluation of the proposed exchange
ratio to be paid in the merger. Robertson Stephens' representatives rendered
their oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of
May 14, 2001, and subject to various assumptions, the exchange ratio was fair to
XCare.net from a financial point of view. For a more detailed discussion of
Robertson Stephens' analysis and opinion, you should review the section
captioned "Opinion of Robertson Stephens, Inc., Financial Advisor to XCare.net"
beginning on page 40 and the text of Robertson Stephens' opinion attached as
Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Representatives of Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati then reviewed for the board the principal terms of the
merger agreement and the related agreements and the results of its legal due
diligence review of Healthcare.com. After discussion and deliberation, the
XCare.net board unanimously:

     - determined that the merger is in the best interests of XCare.net and its
       stockholders;

     - approved the merger, the merger agreement and the related agreements;

     - resolved to call a special meeting of XCare.net's stockholders to approve
       the issuance of XCare.net common stock in connection with the merger as
       required by the rules of The Nasdaq National Market; and

     - resolved to recommend that the stockholders of XCare.net vote in favor of
       the issuance of shares of XCare.net common stock in connection with the
       merger.

     At the meeting of Healthcare.com's board of directors held on May 14, 2001,
the Healthcare.com board and representatives of FAC/Equities reviewed financial
analyses FAC/Equities had prepared in connection with their evaluation of the
proposed exchange ratio. FAC/Equities' representatives rendered their oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of May 14,
2001, and subject to various assumptions, the exchange ratio was fair to the
holders of Healthcare.com common stock from a financial point of view. For a
more detailed discussion of FAC/Equities' analysis and opinion, you should
review the section captioned "Opinion of Healthcare.com's financial advisor"
beginning on page 33 and the text of FAC/Equities' opinion attached as Annex D
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. After discussion and deliberation, the
Healthcare.com board unanimously:

     - determined that the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of,
       Healthcare.com's stockholders;

     - approved the merger and the merger agreement;

     - resolved to call a special meeting of Healthcare.com's stockholders to
       adopt and approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
       in the merger agreement;

     - resolved to recommend that the Healthcare.com stockholders vote in favor
       of adoption and approval of the merger agreement;

     - approved the employment agreement with Robert Murrie and the form of
       severance agreement to be entered into with Healthcare.com's executive
       officers and other key employees;

     - adopted amendments to Healthcare.com's Restated Stock Option Plan and
       Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan to provide for acceleration of vesting of
       options upon completion of the merger; and

     - finalized the grant of options to purchase 5,000 shares of Healthcare.com
       common stock to each non-employee director of Healthcare.com., following
       approval by Healthcare.com's stockholders of amendments to
       Healthcare.com's Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan.

     Following the conclusion of the two board meetings, XCare.net and
Healthcare.com finalized, executed and delivered the merger agreement and each
company issued a press release announcing the transaction.

HEALTHCARE.COM REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF HEALTHCARE.COM BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

     Healthcare.com Reasons for Merger

     Healthcare.com's board of directors has unanimously determined that the
merger is advisable and in the best interests of Healthcare.com and its
stockholders and has approved and adopted the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The Healthcare.com board of
directors believes that the merger will provide Healthcare.com stockholders with
ownership of shares in an attractive company with strong growth prospects that
will enhance the value of their investment in Healthcare.com.

     In determining that the merger is in the best interests of Healthcare.com
and its stockholders, the Healthcare.com board of directors considered a number
of factors, including the board's belief that:

     - The combined company will be a premier provider of secure data and
       information sharing and strategic business-to-business Internet solutions
       that will service the specific needs of the healthcare industry as well
       as customers in almost any industry.

     - The combined company will be better suited to exploit the existing
       relationships of Healthcare.com and XCare.net to expand its strategic
       partnerships.

     - Healthcare.com expects its data access, integration, indexing and
       delivery solutions to be highly compatible and complementary with
       XCare.net's XTiera product.

     - The merger will create a larger, more competitive company that will have
       advantages of scale, especially in the ability of the combined company to
       quickly and efficiently provide customized technology-based solutions
       that operate with their customers' existing workflow structure.

     - XCare.net has significant relationships in the healthcare payor market
       and Healthcare.com has a significant installed customer base. The
       combined company will have the opportunity to cross-sell its services to
       Healthcare.com's pre-existing installed customer base.

     - The corporate cultures and management philosophies of Healthcare.com and
       XCare.net will be compatible.

     - The combined company will have increased access to working capital.

     In addition, many of the reasons for the merger from XCare.net's
perspective, described in the section captioned "XCare.net's Reasons for the
Merger; Recommendation of the Board" beginning on page 39 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, are equally applicable from Healthcare.com's perspective
as well, although the Healthcare.com board of directors did not view them as
being as significant as the reasons described above.

     Recommendation of the Healthcare.com Board of Directors

     Healthcare.com's board of directors has unanimously voted to approve and
adopt the merger agreement, believes that the merger is fair and in the best
interests of Healthcare.com and its stockholders and unanimously recommends that
its stockholders vote FOR the adoption and approval of the merger agreement.