The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Sawtek Inc & TriQuint Semiconductor Inc:
Background of the merger  

    On January 23, 2001, Steven J. Sharp, chairman, president and chief executive officer of TriQuint, spoke with Kimon Anemogiannis, president and chief
executive officer of Sawtek, regarding a possible joint effort to develop integrated modules for cellular telephones. On January 24, 2001, Mr. Sharp and Dr. Anemogiannis spoke
again and Mr. Sharp invited Dr. Anemogiannis and Raymond A. Link, chief financial officer of Sawtek, to visit TriQuint in order to discuss the design and manufacture of integrated
modules. On February 4, 2001, Mr. Sharp, Dr. Anemogiannis, Mr. Link and Peter Wright, TriQuint's manager of strategic marketing, met to discuss the use of Sawtek products
in integrated modules and to discuss each company's strategy and plans. Dr. Anemogiannis and Mr. Link were given tours of the TriQuint facilities in Hillsboro, Oregon. 

    On February 7, 2001, at a regular meeting of the TriQuint board of directors, Mr. Sharp discussed Sawtek products as they related to TriQuint's business strategy, as
well as the potential for working together in a number of ways. On February 8, 2001, Mr. Sharp discussed with his senior staff the content of his meeting on February 4, 2001 with
Dr. Anemogiannis and Mr. Link.

    On
February 7, 2001, Steven P. Miller called Mr. Sharp and invited him to visit Sawtek's headquarters in Orlando. On February 23, 2001, Mr. Sharp
visited Sawtek's headquarters and met with Dr. Anemogiannis, Mr. Link, Azhar Waseem, Sawtek's vice president of operations, Mr. Miller, chairman of the board of Sawtek, and Gary
Monetti, former chief executive officer of Sawtek. At this meeting, Mr. Sharp and the Sawtek participants decided that a future meeting should be held to share information about each company
and to discuss a possible merger. On February 26, 2001, Mr. Sharp sent a message to his senior staff and TriQuint's directors regarding his positive observations of the corporate
culture, vision, structure and potential for strategic synergies. Mr. Sharp indicated that at this point TriQuint management should continue to explore the potential for a merger with Sawtek.
On March 1, 2001, a special meeting of the board of directors of Sawtek was held in order for Sawtek management to advise the Sawtek board of directors about the preliminary discussions with
the management of TriQuint concerning a possible merger. The board of directors authorized Sawtek management to continue with these discussions on a preliminary basis.
March 2, 2001, Dr. Anemogiannis called Mr. Sharp to advise Mr. Sharp that the Sawtek board of directors authorized Sawtek management to continue with
these discussions. Mr. Sharp and Dr. Anemogiannis decided to meet in Dallas, Texas, along with members of their management teams and legal counsel. On March 6 and 7, 2001, a group
from TriQuint and a group from Sawtek met in Dallas to exchange confidential information and to discuss a possible merger. Present for Sawtek were Dr. Anemogiannis, Mr. Link,
Mr. Miller and William A. Grimm of Gray, Harris & Robinson, P.A., legal counsel to Sawtek. Present for TriQuint were Mr. Sharp, Edson H. Whitehurst, Jr., chief financial
officer of TriQuint, Charles Scott Gibson, a member of the board of directors of TriQuint, and William C.
Campbell of Ater Wynne, LLP, legal counsel for TriQuint. A confidentiality agreement was signed at the beginning of this meeting. Both parties presented an overview of their business plans with an
emphasis on the opportunity for integrated modules for cellular telephones. At the conclusion of this meeting, both parties stated that they would each have separate internal discussions regarding the
possibility of a strategic relationship before having further discussions between the two companies. 

or about March 8, 2001, Mr. Sharp and Mr. Whitehurst initiated discussions with two investment banking firms and indicated their desire to engage both firms to
provide fairness opinions in connection with a possible merger with Sawtek.

or about March 9, 2001, Dr. Anemogiannis called Mr. Sharp to set up a second meeting in Dallas to further discuss the business plans of each company and the potential
strategic fit between the two companies. Mr. Sharp and Dr. Anemogiannis decided to meet in Dallas on March 15 and 16, 2001 with management teams from each company. On
March 15 and 16, 2001, management teams from TriQuint and Sawtek met to discuss integrated module opportunities, customer opportunities and other synergies that might be achieved if the two
companies merged. Discussions were held concerning the possible terms of a merger involving a stock for stock exchange and whether a transaction could be accounted for using the pooling of interests
method of accounting. 

    Present
at this meeting for TriQuint were Mr. Sharp, Mr. Whitehurst, Ronald Ruebusch, vice president of wireless communications, David McQuiddy, vice
president of research and development, and Thomas Cordner, vice president and general manager of millimeter wave communications. Present at this meeting for Sawtek were Dr. Anemogiannis,
Mr. Link, Mr. Waseem and Mr. Miller. 

    A
special meeting of the board of directors of Sawtek was held on March 26, 2001, at the Sawtek headquarters for the purpose of discussing terms of a possible merger with
TriQuint and the need to engage an investment banker for purposes of a fairness opinion if agreement could be reached 

regarding a merger. The board of directors authorized management of Sawtek to continue with the discussions regarding a possible merger with TriQuint. Dr. Anemogiannis advised the board of
directors that Mr. Sharp would be traveling in Europe for approximately a week and that further discussions would take place following Mr. Sharp's return.

    Pursuant
to an engagement letter dated March 9, 2001, on March 28, 2001, Mr. Link engaged JPMorgan H&Q as Sawtek's investment banking firm to render a fairness
opinion in connection with a possible merger with TriQuint. 

April 4, 2001, at a regular meeting of the TriQuint board of directors, Mr. Sharp discussed Sawtek's products as they related to TriQuint's business strategy, as well
as the potential for working together in a number of ways. 

April 9, 2001, Sawtek received a draft of a letter and outline of terms from TriQuint proposing a merger of Sawtek with a wholly owned subsidiary of TriQuint whereby Sawtek
shareholders would receive shares of TriQuint common stock in a tax-free exchange, with the transaction to be accounted for as a pooling of interests. Discussions took place internally in
Sawtek and among Sawtek, its investment banking firm and its legal counsel concerning the proposed letter and term sheet.
April 19, 2001, Dr. Anemogiannis called Mr. Sharp to discuss certain aspects of the term sheet proposed by TriQuint. On April 20, 2001, Sawtek sent to
TriQuint a revised letter and term sheet. On April 27, 2001, Dr. Anemogiannis and Mr. Sharp spoke by telephone several times regarding differences in the proposed term sheets. On
April 30, 2001, Sawtek received a revised letter and term sheet from TriQuint along with a letter explaining the differences between the terms proposed by Sawtek and the terms proposed by
TriQuint. Several calls were exchanged between Dr. Anemogiannis and Mr. Sharp regarding the term sheet. On May 1, 2001, Messrs. Campbell and Grimm spoke several times
concerning the proposed letter and term sheet. On May 2, 2001, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Miller and Willis C. Young, a member of the board of directors of Sawtek, met in New York City
to discuss the proposed terms of a merger and to discuss the appointment of two members of the Sawtek board of directors to the board of directors of TriQuint if the merger took place. 

May 2, 2001, TriQuint and Sawtek signed a letter agreement confirming the terms of the confidentiality agreement previously executed by them, agreeing to a mutual standstill
agreement where neither party would purchase stock or participate in certain activities with respect to the stock of the other for a period of two years, and where Sawtek agreed not to continue with
or enter into negotiations regarding an acquisition or merger until after May 30, 2001. 

    Beginning
on May 3, 2001, TriQuint and Sawtek and each of their legal and accounting advisors conducted detailed business, legal and accounting due diligence with respect to
each other. Over the course of the next two weeks, TriQuint and Sawtek and their representatives and their respective legal advisors conducted negotiations relating to a definitive merger agreement
consistent with the terms contained in the non-binding term sheet.
May 14, 2001, the board of directors of Sawtek met at Sawtek's headquarters to review a draft of the merger agreement and unanimously voted to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and approve the merger, subject to resolution of several remaining issues and final approval by an ad hoc committee created by the board of directors consisting of Mr. Miller and
Mr. Young. The fairness opinion rendered by JPMorgan H&Q was delivered to the board of directors of Sawtek on May 15, 2001. 

May 14, 2001, the board of directors of TriQuint had a conference call to discuss and review a draft of the merger agreement in detail. TriQuint director Francisco Alvarez
was not present at the meeting as he was travelling outside of the country. Members of TriQuint's management, including Mr. Ruebusch and Stephanie Welty, TriQuint's vice president of finance,
and Mr. Campbell of Ater Wynne LLP reviewed the business and legal due diligence conducted on Sawtek. Steve L. Camahort of
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, TriQuint's outside legal counsel, reviewed the draft merger agreement and related agreements and summarized the remaining open issues and deal points.
Mr. Camahort also reviewed with the TriQuint board of directors the legal principles applicable to the proposed merger, including the board's fiduciary duties and authority in considering the
proposed merger and the share issuance by TriQuint. The members of the TriQuint board of directors discussed the benefits of such a merger and decided to make several changes to the document and to
meet the following day. On May 15, 2001, the TriQuint board of directors held a meeting via conference call, and all directors, except Francisco Alvarez, who was absent and travelling out of
the country, participated and voted unanimously to approve the merger agreement. At the May 15, 2001 TriQuint board of directors meeting, representatives of Merrill Lynch and SG Cowen presented
their oral opinions, later confirmed in writing, that on the date of each opinion the exchange ratio was fair to TriQuint from a financial point of view. 

    After
the close of trading on May 15, 2001, Sawtek and TriQuint entered into the merger agreement and the officers and directors of Sawtek and TriQuint entered into voting and
affiliate agreements with TriQuint and Sawtek, respectively. Immediately following the signing of the merger agreement, TriQuint and Sawtek issued a joint press release announcing the merger. 

Joint reasons for the merger  

    The boards of directors of TriQuint and Sawtek have determined that a combined company would be positioned to compete more effectively in the communications
market, thereby increasing the potential for improved long-term operating and financial results. In particular, the boards believe that the merger will create the opportunity for TriQuint
and Sawtek to:



have
a combined complementary technology portfolio and engineering talent to design products for the entire radio front end of mobile phones and other
wireless communications;


offer
cost effective integrated radio frequency module solutions to the combined company's mobile phone customer base that reduce the number of components
and the failure rates of completed phones; and


develop
more complete solutions and better penetrate their combined customer base to take advantage of cross sales opportunities. 

Recommendation of, and factors considered by, the Sawtek board of directors


    In reaching its decision to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger, the Sawtek board of directors consulted with Sawtek's management and its
legal counsel. Sawtek employed JPMorgan H&Q to provide a fairness opinion in connection with the proposed merger and did not seek any assistance from JPMorgan H&Q or any other investment banker or
financial advisor in negotiating the terms of the merger or to seek out alternative acquirers or merger partners. The Sawtek board considered numerous potential merger candidates and determined that
TriQuint offered the greatest potential for long-term value to the Sawtek shareholders. The Sawtek board of directors believed that the combined experience of the members of the board of directors and
the executive officers of Sawtek enabled the Sawtek board of directors to make an informed decision with respect to the terms of the proposed merger and a decision not to seek alternative acquirers or
merger partners. Among the factors considered by the Sawtek board of directors in its deliberations were the following: 

    Terms of the Transaction.
  In reaching its decision, the Sawtek board of directors reviewed Sawtek's business, results
of operations, and near- and long-term prospects as an independent entity, its business model, and the financial aspects and timing of the merger as compared to continuing as
an independent company. Sawtek's board of directors also considered Sawtek's strategic position in its industry, its management, its near-and long-term prospects and the
anticipated value of the combined
company resulting from the merger. The Sawtek board of directors viewed TriQuint as having a track record that demonstrates a clear ability to compete effectively in the semiconductor industry and, in
particular, the communications industry. In analyzing the terms of the proposed transaction with TriQuint, the Sawtek board of directors took into account: 


the
current and historical market prices of TriQuint common stock;


risks and possible rewards associated with the ownership of TriQuint common stock;


substantial number of shares of TriQuint common stock to be delivered to Sawtek shareholders in the merger, which reflected, in the view of the Sawtek
board of directors, a fair valuation of Sawtek;


terms of the merger agreement, including representations and warranties, conditions to closing and rights of termination;


anticipated favorable impact of the merger on customers, suppliers and employees of Sawtek and TriQuint;


expected qualification of the merger as a tax free reorganization under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code;


likelihood that the merger would be treated as a pooling of interests for accounting purposes; and


likelihood that the merger would be completed. 

    Industry Trends.
  The Sawtek board of directors was aware of industry trends toward integrated modules for use in
handsets for wireless communications and the trend of manufacturers of mobile phones to outsource greater portions of the modules which make up mobile phones. In the opinion of the Sawtek board of
directors, the trend toward integrated modules would require Sawtek to work very closely with one or more semiconductor companies in order to achieve optimum design and cost effective manufacturing of
modules integrating surface acoustic wave devices, semiconductors and passive components in a single integrated module.
Strategic Alternatives.
  The Sawtek board of directors' deliberations included consideration of the likelihood of
effecting alternative transactions and the alternative of continuing as an independent company with a view to working with one or more semiconductor companies on a joint venture or other basis to
achieve optimum design and cost effective manufacturing of integrated modules. The Sawtek board of directors also considered the financial terms of the transaction in view of certain industry
valuation metrics (including revenue, gross margins, net after tax profits, historical growth rates) and comparable transactions. The Sawtek board of directors took into account the views expressed by
Sawtek management that TriQuint occupies a prominent position in the communications industry as a provider of semiconductor products for mobile phones and other communications products and that
TriQuint appears to be a good strategic fit for Sawtek. The Sawtek board of directors believes that TriQuint would be a good strategic fit based on: 


a
shared vision of the opportunity to design and cost-effectively produce integrated modules for cellular telephones;


technological
developments made or planned by TriQuint which are likely to contribute toward the success of Sawtek's evolving products;


sharing of a number of major customers and each having customers who could make large potential customers for the other;


diversified technology base of TriQuint where TriQuint sells integrated circuits which are incorporated into a variety of communications products,
including cellular phones and pagers, 

fiber
optic telecommunications equipment, satellite communications systems, high-performance data networking products and aerospace applications; 


proprietary gallium arsenide technology utilized by TriQuint that permits integrated circuits to operate at much higher speeds than silicon devices, or
operate at the same speeds with reduced power consumption; and