The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Integrated Measurement Systems & Credence Systems Corp:
Background of the Merger

   Credence has developed in significant part through strategic mergers and
acquisitions of other companies and businesses. In furtherance of this
strategy, Credence has consulted from time to time with various third parties,
including investment banking firms, regarding strategic acquisition
opportunities.

   On February 28, 2001, during a meeting with Credence management, Credence
management expressed to SG Cowen an interest in the possibility of acquiring
IMS. SG Cowen thereafter communicated this interest to management of IMS.

   On March 1, 2001, Credence engaged Goldman, Sachs & Co. as its financial
advisor relating to the potential transaction with IMS.


   On March 6, 2001, after considering Credence's expression of interest, IMS
engaged SG Cowen as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with a
potential strategic transaction with Credence.

   On the afternoon of March 12, 2001, Dr. Graham J. Siddall, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Credence, and David A. Ranhoff, Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer of Credence, met with Keith L. Barnes,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of IMS, and Fred Hall, Chief Financial
Officer of IMS. Also in attendance were a representative of Goldman Sachs and
representatives of SG Cowen. During the meeting, the parties discussed publicly
available information concerning their respective businesses, products,
markets, sales channels, and financial results.

   On March 27, 2001, at the request of IMS, representatives of SG Cowen met
with Dr. Siddall at the SG Cowen Technology Conference in Cannes, France. The
parties had preliminary discussions of the potential terms of a possible
transaction. Subsequently, representatives of IMS and SG Cowen discussed the
results of the meeting.

   On the afternoon of April 12, 2001, Mr. Barnes and Dr. Siddall met in
Portland, Oregon at the offices of Ater Wynne LLP, counsel to IMS, to discuss
possible terms of an acquisition, including price, transaction structure, roles
for IMS management after the merger, operating structure after the merger, and
employee benefits. During that meeting, the parties executed a non-disclosure
agreement in order to facilitate further discussion and due diligence relating
to a potential transaction. The parties scheduled in-depth technical and
business due diligence meetings.
On April 13, 2001, Dr. Siddall, Todd Del Vecchio, Director, Strategic
Business Development, Bart Freedman, Vice President Worldwide Field Operations,
and Jim Ellis, former Vice President and General Manager of the NMS/DFT
Division of Credence, participated in a preliminary due diligence meeting with
Mr. Barnes and Barry Baril, Chief Technology Officer of IMS. The parties
discussed the companies' road maps and sales distribution channels.

   On April 18, 2001, Mr. Barnes reviewed the status of the merger discussions
with the Audit Committee of the IMS board of directors.

   On April 20, 2001, Dr. Siddall and Mr. Barnes participated in a telephone
conference regarding a proposed term sheet relating to a potential transaction.
After that call was concluded, Credence delivered a

working draft of a proposed term sheet. Over the next few days, IMS management
and advisors reviewed the term sheet and, working with Credence and Credence's
advisors, developed proposed changes, refinements, and modifications.

   On April 21, 2001, Dr. Siddall and Mr. Barnes had a breakfast meeting at the
offices of Ater Wynne LLP to discuss the proposed terms.

   Between April 23 and April 25, 2001, the parties through their investment
bankers discussed potential exchange ratios.

   On April 26, 2001, Dr. Siddall had a dinner meeting with Donald Grant,
President and Chief Operating Officer of IMS to discuss the companies'
respective businesses.

   On April 27, 2001, Credence delivered Credence's final draft of a term
sheet. Also on April 27, 2001, the IMS board of directors met to review that
proposal, the terms of the discussion and course of negotiations to date. At
the meeting, SG Cowen discussed the financial terms of the transaction with the
board of IMS. After discussion, the board of IMS unanimously directed
management to proceed with business, technical, legal, and financial due
diligence, and the negotiation of a definitive acquisition agreement.
Also on April 27, 2001, IMS and Credence entered into an exclusive
negotiations letter agreement to permit due diligence and negotiation of a
definitive agreement. Pursuant to this agreement, IMS agreed not to solicit or
negotiate an alternative acquisition proposal by a party other than Credence
prior to May 16, 2001.

   On May 1, 2001, representatives for both companies met at the offices of
Ater Wynne LLP to review technology, products and product road maps. In
attendance for Credence were Dr. Siddall; John Detwiler, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer; Byron Milstead, Vice President and General
Counsel; George DeGeer, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Consumer
Mixed Signal Division; Mr. Ellis; Gary Gillette, Vice President Engineering for
the Memory Products Division; Steve Payne, Engineering Director for the
Consumer Mixed Signal Division; and Cathy Hearn, Vice President and Corporate
Controller. In attendance for IMS were Mr. Barnes; Mr. Hall; Mr. Baril; John
Miller, Vice President of Engineering; and Mark Allison, General Manager,
Memory Division. Goldman Sachs and SG Cowen were also represented.

   On May 2, 2001, representatives again met at the offices of Ater Wynne LLP,
this time to review human resource issues and IMS financial results, forecasts
and condition. In attendance for Credence were Mr. Detwiler; Mr. Milstead;
Dennis Hopwood, Vice President of Human Resources; Ms. Hearn; Bradley Wallin,
Operations Controller; and Steven Souders, Benefits Manager. In attendance for
IMS were Mr. Hall; Gwyn Harvey, Vice President of Human Resources; and Lois
Miesbach, Controller. Representatives of Goldman Sachs and SG Cowen also
attended.
On May 4, 2001, at a regularly scheduled board meeting, IMS management
updated IMS' board of directors on the progress of due diligence, and based on
that due diligence, on management's conclusions concerning the technical and
business outlook for Credence, and for a combined Credence and IMS. The board
of IMS reviewed its duties in connection with consideration of the merger with
legal counsel.

   Also on May 4, 2001, the parties began negotiations of a definitive merger
agreement, and began bilateral legal due diligence. Both processes continued
during the next two weeks.

   On the afternoon of May 8, 2001, representatives from both companies met in
Fremont, California to review Credence's operations, distribution organization
and financial results, forecasts and condition. In attendance for Credence were
Dr. Siddall; Mr. Ranhoff; Mr. Detwiler; Mr. Milstead; Mr. Freedman; and Glyn
Davies, Vice President, Corporate Marketing. In attendance for IMS were Mr.
Barnes; Mr. Hall; and Mr. Grant. Also in attendance were representatives from
Goldman Sachs and SG Cowen.

   On May 10, 2001, representatives from both companies met at the offices of
Ater Wynne LLP to review IMS operations and distribution network and both
companies' manufacturing operations. In attendance for Credence were Mr.
Ranhoff and Debra Moberly, Vice President, Operations. In attendance for IMS
were Mr. Barnes, Mr. Grant and Mr. Hall.

   Between May 11, 2001 and May 15, 2001, the parties, along with their
investment bankers and attorneys participated in conferences for the purpose of
resolving remaining due diligence issues and open items within the merger
agreement, and to complete Credence management interviews with selected IMS
senior managers. Discussions regarding the merger agreement included, in
particular the provisions governing the IMS board's exercise of its fiduciary
duties pending close.
On May 15, 2001, Credence's board of directors held a regularly scheduled
board meeting. As part of that meeting the board discussed the proposed
acquisition of IMS. The board discussed IMS' products and product strategies,
the market for such products and general information about IMS. The board of
Credence also reviewed the status of the transaction, including the proposed
terms of the transaction. The board of Credence then discussed the results of
Credence's due diligence review. Finally, the board of Credence discussed the
terms of the proposed acquisition and the directors' legal duties and
responsibilities. Credence's board unanimously voted to approve the merger
agreement and related transaction documents. Representatives of Goldman Sachs
were in attendance.

   On May 15, 2001, IMS' board of directors held a meeting and discussed with
management final due diligence results. In addition, SG Cowen delivered its
written analyses and its oral opinion to the IMS board of directors,
subsequently confirmed in writing as of the same date, to the effect that, and
subject to the various assumptions set forth therein, as of May 15, 2001, the
exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point
of view to the shareholders of IMS. Further, the IMS board of directors
reviewed with legal counsel the specific terms of the merger agreement
including provisions relating to the exercise of the board's fiduciary duties
pending close. The IMS board unanimously approved the merger agreement and
related transaction documents.

   On the morning of May 16, 2001, representatives of Brobeck, Phleger &
Harrison LLP and Ater Wynne LLP continued to finalize the terms of the merger
agreement and related transaction documents.

   On May 16, 2001, IMS and Credence entered into the merger agreement and
certain related agreements were executed and delivered by Credence and the
parties thereto. Promptly thereafter Credence and IMS issued a joint press
release announcing the proposed business combination.

   On June 1, 2001, IMS and Credence entered into amendment no. 1 to the merger
agreement.

Reasons for the Merger

 Credence's Reasons for the Merger

   Credence's board of directors has unanimously concluded that the merger is
in the best interest of Credence and its stockholders. Credence's board of
directors has identified several potential benefits of the merger that it
believes will contribute to the success of the combined company. These
potential benefits include:

  . a reduction in the volatility of Credence's business model;

  . the addition of complementary product lines and capabilities;

  . potentially expanded customer usage model from design prototype
    validation to production test;

  . a broader potential customer and relationship base;

  . a potentially expanded customer base geographically;

  . an enhanced technology portfolio;

  . a stronger virtual test product;

  . enhanced purchasing power with suppliers;

  . leverage of Credence's global salesforce; and

  . Credence's increased visibility in emerging markets and technologies.

   The Credence board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including:

  . the possibility that the merger would not be consummated;

  . the risk that, despite the efforts of IMS and Credence, key technical,
    marketing and management personnel might choose not to remain employed by
    the combined company after the merger;

  . the fact that the exchange ratio is fixed and will not change with
    increases or decreases in the market price of either Credence's or IMS'
    stock before the closing of the merger;


  . the risk of market confusion and hesitation and potential delay or
    reduction in orders; and

  . the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
    realized fully or within the time frame contemplated, if at all.

   The Credence board of directors has concluded that the potential benefits of
the merger outweigh these risks and for the strategic reasons set forth above,
the Credence board of directors has determined that Credence should proceed
with the merger agreement and the merger.

 IMS' Reasons for the Merger

   The IMS board of directors has unanimously adopted the merger agreement and
approved the merger and unanimously recommends that the holders of shares of
IMS common stock vote FOR the approval of the merger agreement and the merger.

   The IMS board of directors identified a number of benefits for IMS'
shareholders that could result from the merger. These potential benefits
include:

  . Liquidity--IMS has a relatively small number of shares that float in the
    public markets as compared to Credence. This lack of liquidity
    substantially reduces the number of potential buyers of IMS stock and is
    a direct cause of the low average daily trading volume. Merging with
    Credence could provide IMS shareholders with greater liquidity;

  . An extensive design prototype validation to production test solution,
    making the combined company more competitive than either of the companies
    individually;

  . The opportunity to leverage scarce development funds by eliminating
    redundancy in the products or components developed. IMS competes in a
    market where the other participants are generally significantly larger.
    The solutions for the market requirements are all quite similar, yet the
    funds available to IMS for developing those solutions are substantially
    less than those funds available to the other participants;

  . Because there are common components and technologies, combining with
    Credence should provide more leverage in purchasing those components and
    technologies;

  . Credence has a strong worldwide distribution network. Because the
    technologies, markets and business philosophies of the two companies are
    complementary, IMS will be able to leverage this distribution network to,
    over time, reduce its cost per sale;

  . The fixed exchange ratio of 0.9 to 1 represents a premium of
    approximately 58% to the closing price of IMS stock on May 14, 2001. IMS
    believes this is a competitive premium for mergers and acquisitions
    within the semiconductor industry during the past year; and

  . Credence is a strong participant in the ATE market. IMS believes that
    Credence has solid technology and products and is well positioned in its
    markets.

   In addition, the IMS board of directors noted that the merger is expected to
be accounted for as a pooling of interests and that no goodwill is expected to
be created on the books of the combined company as a result of the merger.

   The IMS board of directors also identified and considered a number of


  . the possibility that the merger would not be consummated and the effect
    of the public announcement of the merger on IMS' sales and operating
    results and IMS' ability to attract and retain key management, sales,
    marketing and technical personnel;

    marketing, sales and management personnel might choose not to remain
    employed by the combined comapny after the merger;

  . the stock issued in the merger may be worth substantially less than the
    same number of shares are worth at the time the merger agreement was
    executed;

  . the risk of market confusion, hesitation and potential delay or reduction
    in orders and potential adverse effect on existing customer and supplier
    relationships;

    realized fully or within the time frame contemplated, if at all;

  . the substantial charges to be incurred, primarily in the quarter in which
    the merger is consummated, including costs of integrating the business
    and transaction expenses arising from the merger;

  . the restrictions imposed by the merger agreement on the operation of IMS
    prior to completion or termination of the merger agreement;

  . the challenges associated with integrating the operations of IMS and
    Credence; and

  . the other risks associated with Credence's business and the merger
    described under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 13 of this proxy
    statement/prospectus.


   The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
IMS board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to
include all material factors considered by the IMS board of directors. In view
of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the
merger, the IMS board of directors did not find it practicable to and did not
quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific factors considered
in reaching its determination. In addition, individual members of the IMS board
of directors may have given different weight to different factors.

Recommendation of IMS' Board of Directors

   For the reasons discussed above and after careful consideration, the IMS
board of directors has unanimously adopted the merger agreement and approved
the merger and unanimously recommends that IMS shareholders vote "FOR" approval
of the merger agreement and the merger.

   In considering the recommendation of the IMS board of directors, you should
be aware that some of the directors and officers of IMS have interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of IMS
shareholders generally. Please see the section entitled "Interests of IMS
Directors, Officers and Affiliates in the Merger" on page 67 of this proxy

Opinion of SG Cowen, Financial Advisor to IMS

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 6, 2001, IMS retained SG Cowen
Securities Corporation to act as exclusive financial advisor to IMS in
connection with the merger.


   On May 15, 2001, SG Cowen delivered written analyses and its oral opinion to
the IMS board of directors, subsequently confirmed in writing as of the same
date, to the effect that and subject to the various assumptions set forth
therein, as of May 15, 2001, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, on the date of such
opinion, to the shareholders of IMS.

   The full text of the written opinion of SG Cowen, dated May 15, 2001, is
attached as Appendix C and is incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus
by reference. Holders of IMS common stock are urged to read the opinion in its
entirety for the assumptions made, procedures followed, other matters
considered and limits of the review by SG Cowen. The summary of the written
opinion of SG Cowen set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the SG Cowen opinion. SG Cowen's analyses and opinion were
prepared for and addressed to the IMS board and are directed only to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio, and do not
constitute an opinion as to the merits of the transaction or a recommendation
to any shareholder as to how to vote on the proposed transaction. The exchange
ratio was determined through negotiations between IMS and Credence and not
pursuant to recommendations of SG Cowen.

   In arriving at its opinion, SG Cowen reviewed and considered the financial
and other matters as it deemed relevant, including, among other things:

  . a draft of the merger agreement dated May 14, 2001;