The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between C-bridge Internet Solutions & Excelon Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    Both eXcelon and C-bridge regularly evaluate different strategies to improve
their competitive positions and enhance their respective stockholder values,
including opportunities for acquisitions of other companies or their assets,
possible partnerships or alliances and other significant transactions.

    On July 11, 2000, eXcelon engaged SG Cowen to provide general strategic
advice and to assist eXcelon to pursue strategic alternatives. From July 2000 to
December 2000, SG Cowen explored with eXcelon's management a number of possible
strategic alternatives, including a possible sale of eXcelon's database business
or eXcelon's XML-based business, and eXcelon held preliminary

negotiations with several interested parties with regard to possible
transactions. In December 2000, the eXcelon board concluded that it was in
eXcelon's best interest to continue its current operations rather than pursue
any of the strategic alternatives then available to eXcelon.

    eXcelon and C-bridge have been familiar with each other's businesses for
several years. In February 2001, C-bridge hired Larry Alston, the former Chief
Technology Officer of eXcelon, to serve as C-bridge's Executive Vice President
of Product Management. As a result of this familiarity, and in light of the
decrease in market demand for Internet consulting services beginning in early
2001, C-bridge began internal discussions about the operational, financial and
other benefits that could result from a business combination of eXcelon and
C-bridge. At a regularly scheduled meeting of the C-bridge board of directors on
February 27, 2001, Joseph M. Bellini, C-bridge's Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Operating Officer, advised the C-bridge board that he had
identified eXcelon as a potential partner for a business combination. The
C-bridge board authorized Mr. Bellini to initiate discussions with eXcelon with
regards to a possible strategic combination of the two companies.
As a result of these internal discussions, on or about March 12, 2001,
Mr. Bellini met with representatives of SG Cowen, whom he knew had previously
represented eXcelon, to explore the possibility of a business combination
between eXcelon and C-bridge. After this meeting, C-Bridge decided to retain
Robertson Stephens as its financial advisor in connection with the possible
strategic combination of the two companies.

    On March 15, 2001, as a result of their meeting with Mr. Bellini,
representatives of SG Cowen contacted Robert N. Goldman, eXcelon's Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, to discuss arranging a meeting between Messrs. Goldman
and Bellini. As a result of C-bridge's expression of interest in pursuing a
business combination with eXcelon, eXcelon and SG Cowen reinitiated their prior
discussions regarding strategic alternatives.

    During the week of March 19, 2001, SG Cowen and Robertson Stephens worked
independently to develop financial models for the combined operations of eXcelon
and C-bridge.

    On March 22, 2001, Mr. Bellini, Mr. Goldman and representatives of SG Cowen
and Robertson Stephens held a dinner meeting at the request of Mr. Bellini.
During this meeting the parties discussed eXcelon's and C-bridge's respective
technologies, business operations and financial condition, as well as the
possible strategic combination of eXcelon and C-bridge.

    On March 23, 2001, Mr. Goldman discussed the possible merger of eXcelon and
C-bridge with representatives of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, eXcelon's legal
counsel.

    On March 26, 2001, Clifford B. Thompson, C-bridge's Vice President and
General Counsel, met with Lacey P. Brandt, eXcelon's Chief Financial Officer,
and representatives of SG Cowen and Robertson Stephens to discuss initial
diligence planning and human resources issues related to the potential merger.
Later that day, Mr. Thompson discussed the possible merger of eXcelon and
C-bridge with representatives of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, C-bridge's legal
On March 27, 2001, Mr. Bellini sent an e-mail to the C-bridge board of
directors outlining the rationale for, and certain possible terms of, a merger
of C-bridge and eXcelon. In addition, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Goldman met to discuss
procedural issues and the initial exchange of information about their respective
companies.

    On March 28, 2001, C-bridge held a telephonic meeting of its board of
directors at which the potential benefits of a combination with eXcelon were
discussed and the board weighed the relative merits of remaining independent
versus pursuing a business combination with eXcelon. The C-bridge board
authorized management to further investigate the merits of a possible
transaction with eXcelon.

    On April 2, 2001, Mr. Goldman discussed the possible merger with
representatives of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, and advised them that Mr. Bellini
had advised the C-bridge board of directors that discussions among eXcelon,
C-bridge and their respective financial advisors were continuing.

    On April 3, 2001, Mr. Goldman, Ms. Brandt, Satish Maripuri, eXcelon's
President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Bellini, Mark A. Cosway, C-bridge's
President, Richard Putz, C-bridge's Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice
President of iSolutions, and representatives of SG Cowen and Robertson Stephens
met to provide a general overview of each company and discuss a possible
strategic combination.

    On April 5, 2001, eXcelon and C-bridge entered into a confidentiality
agreement relating to the proposed merger, and Robertson Stephens met with
Mr. Cosway to continue its due diligence process with respect to C-bridge.

    Beginning on April 9, 2001 and continuing through the period leading up to
signing of the definitive agreement on May 22, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
reviewed legal due diligence materials provided by eXcelon and its financial and
legal advisors. During the same period, Arthur Andersen LLP, C-bridge's
independent public accountants, reviewed financial and tax diligence materials
provided by eXcelon and its financial and legal advisors. Throughout this
period, members of C-bridge's board and management had frequent and extensive
discussions with C-bridge's financial and legal advisors to evaluate the
proposed transaction and to review the status of the negotiations with eXcelon
and the results of the C-bridge business, legal, accounting and financial due
diligence.

    During the week of April 9, 2001, Mr. Goldman had a number of conversations
with representatives of SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP concerning the
possible structure and timing of a transaction with C-bridge. During that week,
and continuing through the period leading up to the signing of the definitive
agreement on May 22, 2001, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP reviewed legal due diligence
materials provided by C-bridge and its financial and legal advisors. During the
same period, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, eXcelon's independent public
accountants, reviewed financial and tax diligence materials provided by C-bridge
and its financial and legal advisors. Throughout this period, members of
eXcelon's management had frequent and extensive discussions with eXcelon's
financial and legal advisors to evaluate the proposed transaction and to review
the status of the negotiations with C-bridge and the results of the eXcelon
business, legal, accounting and financial due diligence.
On April 12, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of eXcelon's board of
directors, a representative of SG Cowen presented a report on strategic
alternatives available to eXcelon. SG Cowen reported the results of its
exploration of a possible transaction with C-bridge. Mr. Goldman described the
results of his preliminary discussions with C-bridge, and the board engaged in
an

extensive discussion of the proposed transaction. The eXcelon board authorized
management to continue to pursue discussions with C-bridge regarding a possible
merger.

    On April 17 and 18, 2001, C-bridge's and eXcelon's respective
representatives held due diligence meetings. Mr. Maripuri, Mr. Putz and
Mr. Cosway discussed the products and solutions of each company. Ms. Brandt,
Wayne Pastore, eXcelon's Corporate Controller, and Brian Greene, eXcelon's
General Counsel, and Mr. Putz also discussed audit and due diligence issues.

    On April 18, 2001, Mr. Goldman discussed the status of the merger
negotiations with representatives of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP.

    On April 18, 2001, Robertson Stephens and C-bridge discussed the merger
negotiations and participated in a joint due diligence meeting at the offices of
SG Cowen.

    On April 20, 2001, Ms. Brandt and Mr. Putz had a telephone call to discuss
human resource and financial diligence issues relating to the proposed business
combination.

    On April 23, 2001, Mr. Goldman discussed the status of the merger
negotiations with Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP prepared
a list of issues for discussion with C-bridge.

    On April 24, 2001, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Goldman met telephonically to discuss
the proposed terms of the merger. Based on this discussion, eXcelon, SG Cowen
and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP prepared a summary of proposed terms for the merger,
as well as a proposal for the management structure of the combined company.

    On April 25, 2001, SG Cowen circulated the summary of the proposed terms of
the merger to C-bridge, Robertson Stephens and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP. In
addition, Mr. Maripuri and Mr. Cosway met to discuss general organizational
issues, and the two companies' legal and financial advisors discussed plans to
complete their respective due diligence reviews.

    On April 26, 2001, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP circulated an initial draft of
the merger agreement to eXcelon, C-bridge and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, and
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP circulated a draft of the irrevocable proxy and
voting agreement to C-bridge, eXcelon and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP. On the same
day, Mr. Bellini met with managers from each of the companies.

    On April 27, 2001, C-bridge, eXcelon, Robertson Stephens and SG Cowen held a
conference call to discuss financial forecasts for each company, and the two
companies and their respective legal and financial advisors held a subsequent
conference call to discuss the status of their respective due diligence
inquiries.

    On April 30, 2001, the eXcelon board held a telephonic meeting to discuss
the progress of the merger negotiations with C-bridge. Mr. Maripuri, Ms. Brandt
and representatives from SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP also attended the
meeting. Mr. Goldman and the representatives from SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag &
Eliot LLP provided the eXcelon board with an update regarding the status of
merger negotiations, and Mr. Maripuri further briefed the directors on the
rationale for the merger, the projected operating plan of the combined company,
and preliminary plans to integrate the workforces and operations of the two
companies. The directors had been provided with materials, including a
description of the proposed merger terms and a timeline for the transaction, a
copy of the operating plan and organization chart for the combined company and
copies of recent financial analysts' research reports regarding C-bridge.
Mr. Goldman and Mr. Maripuri responded to a number of questions from the
directors about the strategic benefits of the transactions, the assumptions
underlying the combined operating plan, the steps necessary to achieve expected
synergies and cost savings, and the risks associated with proceeding, or not
proceeding, with the transaction. The directors agreed to meet again during the
week of May 7, 2001 to review the status of the transaction.

    From April 30, 2001 to May 22, 2001, Mr. Goldman conferred regularly with
the members of the eXcelon board to keep them apprised of the status of the
discussions with C-bridge and to obtain their advice and guidance regarding the
proposed transaction.

    On May 2, 2001, the C-bridge board held a telephonic meeting to discuss the
financial and operational merits of the proposed transaction and the status of
the merger negotiations with eXcelon. Mr. Thompson and representatives of
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Robertson Stephens also attended the meeting.
The C-bridge board acknowledged their receipt and consideration of written
materials prepared by C-bridge's financial advisors which summarized certain
financial information about eXcelon as well as certain preliminary financial
information about the combined entity of C-bridge and eXcelon. Robertson
Stephens presented a financial overview of the transaction. The board
extensively discussed the financial and operational merits of the proposed
merger and asked questions of Mr. Bellini and C-bridge's financial and legal
representatives.

    On May 2, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP circulated its and C-bridge's
comments on the initial draft of the merger agreement to all parties.

    On May 2, 2001, Ms. Brandt, Mr. Putz and the legal and financial advisors of
the two companies participated in a conference call in which they discussed
C-bridge's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, its
operating plans for 2001 and its budgeting and forecasting process.

    Throughout the period from May 2, 2001 through May 22, 2001, Mr. Bellini and
other members of senior management of C-bridge conferred regularly with each of
the board members to keep them apprised of the status of the on-going
negotiations with eXcelon and to discuss alternative courses of action and any
outstanding issues.

    On May 4, 2001, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Goldman met at the offices of SG Cowen
to discuss the terms of the merger, as outlined in the initial draft of the
merger agreement prepared by eXcelon and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP and in the
comments on the draft prepared by C-bridge and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP.

    On May 5, 2001, Mr. Goldman, Mr. Bellini, Mr. Thompson, Ms. Brandt and
representatives of SG Cowen, Robertson Stephens, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and
Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP met at the offices of Robertson Stephens to discuss the
terms of the proposed merger agreement, including, among other things, the
structure of the merger, the basis for the calculation of the exchange ratio and
the composition of the board of directors of the combined company, and to review
the status of their respective due diligence inquiries.

    On May 7, 2001, representatives of SG Cowen, Robertson Stephens, Gibson,
Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP met telephonically to discuss
the merger agreement and to review the status of their respective due diligence

    On May 7, 2001, eXcelon and SG Cowen signed a letter agreement to modify the
compensation arrangements and term of SG Cowen's engagement under the engagement
letter dated July 11, 2000.

    On May 8, 2001, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP circulated a revised draft of the
merger agreement.


    On May 9, 2001, the eXcelon board held a special meeting to discuss the
potential merger with C-bridge. Ms. Brandt and representatives of SG Cowen and
Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP also attended the meeting. Mr. Goldman presented an
overview of the current status of the discussions with C-bridge, and a
representative of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP summarized the principal terms of the
proposed merger agreement between the two parties. Representatives of SG Cowen
reviewed for the eXcelon board the financial terms of the proposed transaction.
Ms. Brandt reviewed the results of eXcelon's due diligence investigation of
C-bridge, as well as various financial issues. The eXcelon board discussed the
major business terms of the merger agreement, as well as matters relating to the
proposed management structure of the combined company. The board then discussed
matters relating to stock

options, including the acceleration provisions of some of eXcelon's outstanding
options, and other compensation for management.

    On May 12, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP provided comments on the
revised draft of the merger agreement.

    On May 14, 2001, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP circulated a further revised draft
of the merger agreement.



    On May 14, 2001, the eXcelon board held a special meeting to continue
discussion of the potential merger with C-bridge. Ms. Brandt and representatives
of SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP also attended the meeting. Mr. Goldman
presented a summary of the status of negotiations, including discussions of the
calculation of the exchange ratio and various matters relating to employment
agreements for the officers of the combined company. The board then discussed
the various issues upon which the parties had not reached agreement.
Mr. Goldman reviewed for the board the various reasons for eXcelon to proceed
with the proposed merger, and the board discussed the advantages and risks of
the merger.
On May 14, 2001 the C-bridge board held a special meeting to continue
discussion of the terms and potential benefits of the proposed merger with
eXcelon, as well as alternatives to the eXcelon transaction. Mr. Thompson and
representatives of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, Robertson Stephens and InSight
Capital Partners also attended the meeting. The C-bridge board acknowledged
their receipt and consideration of written materials prepared by C-bridge's
legal advisors summarizing the principal terms of the proposed agreement and the
board's legal obligations in connection with their consideration of the proposed
transaction. Mr. Bellini and representatives of Robertson Stephens then
presented a summary of the deal structure and the proposed methodology for
calculating the exchange ratio. Mr. Bellini also discussed with the board the
principal terms of and open items in the draft merger agreement and the related
employment agreements for himself, Mr. Goldman, Mr. Maripuri and Ms. Brandt.

    On May 15, 2001, Mr. Thompson, Ms. Brandt, Mr. Greene and representatives of
SG Cowen, Robertson Stephens, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Foley, Hoag &
Eliot LLP met telephonically to discuss outstanding legal diligence items and
open issues in relation to the merger agreement and the ancillary agreements.

    From May 15, 2001 through May 17, 2001, the financial and legal advisors of
eXcelon and C-bridge had numerous discussions about the provisions of the draft
merger agreement relating to either party's ability to respond to inquiries from
third parties concerning competing acquisition proposals.

    On May 19, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP provided comments on the
further revised draft of the merger agreement.