Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Parent', 'Company', and 'Offer':
This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO is filed by OEI Acquisition
Corp., a Nevada corporation ("Offeror") and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
Ocean Energy, Inc., a Texas corporation ("Parent"). This Schedule TO relates to
the offer by Offeror to purchase (i) all the outstanding shares of common stock,
par value $.01 per share (the "Common Shares"), of Texoil, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the "Company"), at a purchase price of $8.25 per share, net to the
seller in cash, without interest, and (ii) all the outstanding shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Preferred
Shares"), of the Company at a purchase price of $18.04 per share, net to the
seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 24, 2001 (the "Offer to
Purchase"), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit (a)(1)(i), and in the
related Letters of Transmittal, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits
(a)(1)(ii) and (a)(i)(iii) (the "Letters of Transmittal," which, together with
the Offer to Purchase, as each may be amended and supplemented from time to
time, constitute the "Offer"). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise
defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Offer to Purchase.

The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:

BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; PAST CONTACTS, TRANSACTIONS OR NEGOTIATIONS
WITH THE COMPANY.

      On September 14, 2000, at a charity event held in Houston, Texas, Mr. John
D. Schiller, Jr., Parent's executive vice president of operations, Mr. William
L. Transier, Parent's executive vice president and chief financial officer, and
Mr. Thomas A. Reiser, a member of the Company's board of directors, had initial
discussions regarding the possibilities of Parent's acquisition of the Company.
 On October 20, 2000, an initial meeting was held at Mr. Schiller's office to
further discuss such acquisition possibilities. Attendees at the meeting
included Mr. Schiller, Mr. Jerry M. Crews, an executive vice president of the
Company, and Mr. Reiser. The attendees agreed that the process of evaluation
should begin by means of a limited due diligence review of the Company by
Parent's representatives.

      On October 30, 2000, Parent and the Company executed a Confidentiality
Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to supply certain information to
Parent and Parent agreed to treat such information as confidential and to use
such information solely in connection with the evaluation of a possible
transaction with the Company.

      On November 6, 2000, Parent's technical team of exploration, land, legal
and business development personnel reviewed data concerning the Company's assets
with certain members of the Company's management, including Mr. Frank A.
Lodzinski, the Company's President, Mr. Crews, Mr. Tom Campbell, the Company's
manager of acquisitions, and Mr. Francis M. Mury, an executive vice president of
the Company. On November 14, 2000, an initial internal presentation was made by
Parent's technical team to Mr. Schiller regarding the information provided by
the Company.
On November 20, 2000, Messrs. Schiller, Transier, John H. Campbell, Vice
President, Reservoir Engineering -- North America of Parent, and Alan Smith,
Manager of Business Development -- North America of Parent, met with Messrs.
Lodzinski, Crews and Reiser at Parent's offices in Houston, Texas to discuss
potential valuation and projects. On November 28, 2000, Parent's technical team
reviewed the Company's major fields with representatives of the Company and W.D.
vonGonten & Co, consulting petroleum reservoir engineers for the Company. On
November 28, 2000, Mr. Lodzinski, Ms. Adriene Bond, Company counsel, Mr. Robert
K. Reeves, Parent's general counsel, Mr. Transier and Mr. Andrew J. Sheu,
Parent's vice president of tax, met at Parent's offices to discuss the potential
deal structure, tax issues, and the due diligence process.
On December 11, 2000, Parent's technical team completed asset evaluations
of the Company and its operations and made an internal presentation to Parent's
senior management, which in turn decided to recommend to Parent's Board of
Directors that Parent pursue a possible transaction with the Company. On
December 13, 2000, senior management communicated its findings to the Parent's
Board of Directors, and the Board gave its approval to proceed with a possible
transaction with the Company. On December 13, 2000, Parent and the Company
exchanged bullet-point outlines of certain proposed terms of the transaction. As
proposed by Parent, the transaction was to be structured as a merger in which a
newly-formed subsidiary of Parent would be merged with the Company and the
Company's stockholders would receive in exchange for their shares aggregate
consideration of $115 million ($8.25 per Common Share) consisting of 50% stock
of Parent and 50% cash, with the receipt of Parent stock to be tax-free to the
Company's stockholders. Other terms included the cash-out of options and
warrants at the closing of the merger, a requirement that management, directors
and significant stockholders of the Company agree to vote in favor of the
merger, and certain other terms and conditions.

     On December 18, 2000, Parent and the Company executed an additional
Confidentiality Agreement pursuant to which Parent agreed to supply certain
information to the Company and the Company agreed to treat such information as
confidential and to use such information solely in connection with the
evaluation of a possible transaction with Parent.

     On December 18, 2000, Parent's outside counsel distributed to the parties
for their review and comment a preliminary draft of a merger agreement. On
December 26 and 27, 2000 and January 2 and 3, 2001, representatives of Parent
made field visits to certain of Company's operated oil and gas fields.

     On January 3, 2001, Parent's outside counsel, Mr. Transier and Mr. Reeves
met with Mr. Lodzinski, Mr. Will VanLoh, Principal of Quantum Energy Partners
LP, and Mr. Michael P. Dalton, Associate of Quantum Energy Partners LP, at
Parent's offices to discuss the purchase price for the Common Shares and
Preferred Shares, various alternative structures for the acquisition, including
a possible all cash transaction, the timing of the transaction and various other
agreement terms. At this meeting, Parent indicated that it would be willing to
do an all cash acquisition if the transaction were structured as a tender offer
and merger and a majority of stockholders committed to tender their shares and
vote for the transaction.

     On January 4, 2001, Mr. VanLoh met with Mr. Reeves at Parent's offices to
further discuss potential structure and share price. On January 7, 2001, revised
agreements reflecting an all-cash tender offer and merger were distributed to
Parent, the Company and their respective representatives.

     Between January 7 and January 16, 2001, there were various telephone
conferences between Mr. Reeves, Mr. Lodzinski and outside counsel to negotiate
provisions of the merger agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreement and the
Tender Agreement, and additional due diligence was conducted by Parent's outside
counsel.

     On January 17, 2001, at a special telephonic meeting of Parent's Board of
Directors in which all but one of Parent's directors participated, members of
Parent's senior management presented Parent's Board with details regarding the
Company, results of the due diligence investigation and the terms of the merger
agreement. At the conclusion of the meeting, Parent's Board approved and
authorized the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting
Agreement and the Tender Agreement, and the commencement of the Offer.

     The Company's Board of Directors held a telephonic special meeting on
January 17, 2001, at which eight of the Company's nine directors were present.
At the meeting, the Company's Board considered the final terms of the Offer, the
Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender
Agreement. The Company's legal advisors summarized the final terms of the
proposed transaction. The Company's Board also received and participated in a
presentation by Dain Rauscher Wessels with respect to the financial terms of the
proposed transaction.

     At the conclusion of its presentation, the representative of Dain Rauscher
Wessels delivered the oral opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels to the Company's
Board that, as of such date, the Common Share

Offer Price and the Preferred Share Offer Price in the Offer and pursuant to the
Merger Agreement were fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company's
stockholders. Dain Rauscher Wessels subsequently confirmed its oral opinion by
letter dated January 17, 2001. At the conclusion of the January 17 meeting, the
Company's Board approved and authorized the execution of the Merger Agreement
and approved the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer, the
Merger, the Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender Agreement, and
recommended that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer, tender their
Common Shares and Preferred Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve the Merger
Agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreement, the Tender Agreement, and the
Merger.

     On January 18, 2001, the respective parties to the Merger Agreement, the
Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender Agreement executed and delivered such
agreements, and Parent and the Company issued a joint press release announcing
the signing of the Merger Agreement.

     12. PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; PLANS FOR THE COMPANY.  The
purpose of the Offer, the Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting
Agreement and the Tender Agreement is to enable us to acquire control of, and
the entire equity interest in, the Company. The Offer, the Merger Agreement, the
Tender and Voting Agreement and the Tender Agreement are intended to increase
the likelihood that the Merger will be effected as promptly as practicable.
Consummation of the Merger requires the approval of the Merger Agreement by
holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of (a) the
Common Shares and the Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class, with
each Preferred Share entitling the holder thereof to the number of votes equal
to the full number of Common Shares into which such Preferred Share is
convertible on the record date for such vote, (b) the Common Shares, voting as a
single class, and (c) the Preferred Shares, voting as a single class. The
Company's Board of Directors has approved the Offer, the Merger and the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company has agreed (if
required by applicable law to consummate the Merger) to take all action
necessary to convene a meeting of its stockholders as promptly as practicable
after the consummation of the Offer for the purpose of obtaining stockholder
approval of the Merger. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, all
Shares we own, and all Shares owned by Parent or any of Parent's other
subsidiaries will be voted in favor of the Merger. The stockholders' meeting
shall be held as soon as practicable (subject to any statutory or other
restrictions) following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and which are
(i) held by holders of Shares who shall have not voted in favor of the Merger or
consented to the Merger in writing and (ii) who shall have demanded properly in
writing payment of the fair market value of such Shares in accordance with
Section 92A.420 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (collectively, the "Dissenting
Shares") shall be cancelled and terminated and shall represent solely the right
to receive payment from the Surviving Corporation of the fair market value of
such Shares held by them in accordance with the provisions of the Nevada Revised
Statutes.
However, holders of Shares who shall have failed to perfect or who
effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights for an appraisal of such
shares under the Nevada Revised Statutes shall thereupon have such shares be
deemed to have been cancelled and terminated, as of the Effective Time, and
shall represent solely the right to receive the Common Share Offer Price or the
Preferred Share Offer Price as provided in Section 3.06 of the Merger Agreement,
as applicable, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates that formerly
evidenced such Shares in the manner provided in Section 3.07 of the Merger
Agreement.

     The Company will give to Parent (i) prompt notice of any demands for
appraisal received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any other
instruments served pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes and received by the
Company and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to demands for payment of fair market value under the Nevada Revised
Statutes. The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent, make any payment with respect to any such demands, or offer to settle,
or settle, any such demands. Any amount payable to any holder of Shares
exercising dissenters' rights shall be paid solely by the Surviving Corporation
out of its own funds.

     The foregoing summary of the rights of objecting stockholders does not
purport to be a complete statement of the procedures to be followed by
stockholders desiring to exercise their dissenters' appraisal rights. The
preservation and exercise of dissenters' rights are conditioned on strict
adherence to the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes. See
Section 15 -- "Certain Legal Matters" for additional information regarding
appraisal rights.
Rule 13e-3.  The Commission has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act,
which is applicable to certain "going private" transactions and which may, under
certain circumstances, be applicable to the Merger or another business
combination following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise
in which we seek to acquire the remaining Shares not held by us. We believe,
however, that Rule 13e-3 will not be applicable to the Merger if the Merger is
consummated within one year after the termination of the Offer at the same per
Share price as paid in the Offer. If applicable, Rule 13e-3 requires, among
other things, that certain financial information concerning the Company and
certain information relating to the fairness of the proposed transaction and the
consideration offered to minority stockholders in such transaction be filed with
the Commission and disclosed to stockholders prior to consummation of the
transaction.

     Plans for the Company.  As described herein, if we purchase Shares pursuant
to the Offer, the Merger Agreement provides that we will be entitled to
designate representatives to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company in
proportion to our ownership of Shares following such purchase; provided,
however, that, until the Effective Time, there must be at least two Independent
Directors. Promptly upon the consummation of the Offer, we currently intend to
seek maximum representation on the Company's Board of Directors permitted by the
Merger Agreement. We expect that our representation on the Company's Board of
Directors would permit us to exert substantial influence over the Company's
conduct of its business and operations. As a result of the Merger, our directors
and officers immediately prior to the Effective Time will become the directors
and officers, respectively, of the Company, as the Surviving Corporation. See
Section 13 -- "The Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreement, the Tender
Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreements".
We and Parent expect that, initially following the Merger, the business and
operations of the Company will, except as described in this Offer to Purchase,
be continued substantially as they are currently being conducted. Parent will
continue to evaluate the business and operations of the Company during the
pendency of the Offer and after the consummation of the Offer and the Merger and
will take such actions as it deems appropriate under the circumstances then
existing. Parent intends to seek additional information about the Company during
this period. Thereafter, Parent intends to review such information as part of a
comprehensive review of the Company's business, assets, operations,
capitalization, dividend policy, management and personnel, with a view to
optimizing development of the Company's potential in conjunction with Parent's
current and future business.