The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Energy Search Inc & EOG Resources Inc:
Background of the Merger

  &nbsp       As part of our strategic planning, we continually review trends and strategic opportunities in the oil and gas industry. In the past several years, this planning has focused on growing primarily through developmental
drilling and opportunistic acquisitions of Appalachian properties for our own account and the subsequent development, exploitation and exploration of these properties. However, we have also considered other strategic alternatives from time to time,
including the sale of our company or its assets.
Beginning in late 1999, our board of directors initiated a new effort to evaluate strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value. In connection with this process, we engaged McDonald Investments, Inc. to
explore potential capitalization and business combination strategies and alternatives. We entered into a letter agreement with McDonald Investments on January 3, 2000. This letter agreement provided that McDonald Investments would provide certain
financial advisory services in connection with our evaluation of strategic alternatives, including a possible sale of our company. 

  &nbsp       Pursuant to its engagement, McDonald Investments, in conjunction with our senior management, prepared confidential offering materials concerning Energy Search, our oil and gas assets and our operations. These
materials were distributed to numerous interested parties, subject to their execution of acceptable confidentiality agreements.

  &nbsp       In January 2000 we assembled a "data room" in Knoxville, Tennessee where potentially interested financiers, buyers or combination candidates could, upon signing a confidentiality agreement, review technical
and other relevant information about our company, our oil and gas assets and our operations. The data room remained open into the third quarter of 2000. During this time, our management made formal presentations to several interested parties, and we
embarked upon preliminary discussions with each of them. Despite these activities, we did not find a suitable candidate with whom to pursue substantive discussions toward any kind of strategic financing, sale or business combination that would be
attractive to our board or shareholders.  As a result, we terminated our agreement with McDonald Investments on July 21, 2000.
&nbsp       In July 2000, our senior management and board of directors determined that it would be prudent for the company to attempt to raise private equity capital to supplement our senior credit facility with Mirant
Corporation as a source of capital to fund our continued operations. In August 2000, we undertook the private offering of $4,675,000 of 9% redeemable convertible preferred stock. Also at that time, we were approached by Weisser, Johnson & Co., an
investment firm which indicated it could, among other things, assist us in raising additional private equity from institutional sources. We entered into a letter agreement dated August 1, 2000 with Weisser Johnson. Pursuant to this letter agreement,
Weisser Johnson agreed to, among other things, identify potential financing opportunities or acquisition candidates. Weisser, Johnson began its work by attempting to assist us in arranging financing for a major oil and gas asset acquisition that we were
in the process of evaluating. Our bid to acquire the property proved unsuccessful. Thereafter, our management determined that a continuation of the Weisser, Johnson relationship would not be beneficial to us. As a result, we sent a notice terminating our
agreement with Weisser, Johnson on January 21, 2001.

          As the outlook for the natural gas industry and natural gas prices firmed in the latter part of 2000, our management reaffirmed its commitment to aggressively growing our company through drilling and

strategic acquisitions of producing properties with developmental potential. As a result, we expanded our Mirant credit facility to $75 million and raised additional equity capital (approximately $4,675,000) through the private placement of 9%
redeemable convertible preferred stock noted above. However, with the steep increases in natural gas prices, and the corresponding increase in valuations of producing properties, it became difficult to find suitable acquisitions at reasonable values.
As a result of evolving market and industry conditions and an increase in merger and acquisition activity in the natural gas industry, we renewed our consideration of whether maximizing shareholder value might be
better accomplished through a sale of our company or a business combination with another company. After we compared sale or business combination alternatives with the risks and costs involved in continuing to expand our business with available sources of
capital, we determined that sale or business combination alternatives once again warranted closer examination.

  &nbsp       In February 2001, First Union Securities approached us about the possibility of introducing us to a significant natural gas exploration and production company that was potentially interested in a purchase or business
combination with our company.  That company was EOG Resources.  On February 6, 2001, we entered into a letter agreement with First Union Securities relating to an introduction to EOG Resources. On May 10, 2001, we entered into a new agreement with
First Union Securities replacing the earlier agreement. Under this new agreement, First Union Securities agreed to serve as financial advisor to our board of directors with respect to the acquisition of our company by EOG Resources and in that capacity to
(1) introduce us to EOG Resources, (2) undertake a review of our business, operations and financial position and (3) render a fairness opinion with respect to any such transaction if appropriate and if requested by our board.
On February 20, 2001, we entered into a confidentiality agreement with EOG Resources, whereby we agreed to disclose to EOG Resources, on a confidential basis, certain information about our company for the purpose of
assisting EOG Resources in its evaluation of a possible business combination with our company. EOG Resources began its prepurchase "due diligence" investigation of our company on or about February 20, 2001. In connection with that process, EOG Resources'
representatives met with our management to review certain information about our company and its future prospects.

          On April 17, 2001, EOG Resources sent us a proposed non-binding letter of intent that outlined the basic terms of a proposed acquisition of Energy Search by EOG Resources. This letter stated that EOG Resources had
reviewed certain information concerning our oil and gas properties and related assets and had placed a value of $87 million on these assets. The letter further stated that, subject to certain conditions, EOG Resources would be prepared to make an offer to
purchase all of our outstanding stock at a price based on this valuation, but subject to certain price adjustments.

          In response to this letter, our senior management had several conversations with EOG Resources representatives, which resulted in EOG Resources sending us a revised non-binding letter of intent on April 20, 2001
increasing the valuation of our oil and gas assets to $91.3 million and establishing that valuation and adjustments would be as of March 31, 2001. Based on the current assets and other financial considerations of our company as of March 31,
2001, the adjustments had the effect of increasing the enterprise valuation for our company to over $96 million.
&nbsp       In response to, and in consideration of, these letters, our senior management, legal counsel and members of our board of directors had numerous discussions from April 17 to April 24, 2001.  As a result of these
discussions, a letter was sent to EOG Resources on April 23, 2001 outlining certain suggested changes to EOG Resources' letter of intent proposal.  During this same period, our senior management and legal counsel engaged in discussions concerning the
terms of the proposed letter of intent with EOG Resources' management and legal counsel.

  &nbsp       On April 24, 2001, EOG Resources sent us a revised non-binding letter of intent.  Following a telephonic meeting of our board of directors, we signed the letter of intent and returned it to EOG Resources.  The letter
of intent provided for a valuation of our oil and gas properties and related assets of $91.3 million, subject to certain valuation adjustments that were to be made as of March 31, 2001. The letter of intent outlined the general terms of the proposed
transaction but provided that the specific terms of the transaction would be contained in a definitive merger agreement.

          Following the execution of the letter of intent, the parties began drafting and negotiating the terms of the merger agreement.  From April 27, 2001 to May 23, 2001 we and our counsel met by telephone with EOG
Resources to discuss and negotiate outstanding issues concerning the merger agreement.  In addition, several drafts of the merger agreementwere circulated and reviewed.  Throughout our negotiations regarding and revisions to the merger agreement, EOG
Resources continued its due diligence investigation of our company and we prepared and delivered certain documents and other information to EOG Resources and its advisors.
On May 23, 2001, our board of directors held a special meeting by telephone to review and discuss with our management and legal and financial advisors the terms of the proposed acquisition and the merger agreement.
First Union Securities joined for a portion of this meeting to review with the board its financial analysis of the consideration payable in the merger.  In addition to its presentation, First Union Securities rendered a written opinion to the board, that
based upon and subject to certain matters stated in the opinion, the cash consideration of $8.22 per share of common and preferred stock to be received in the merger by our shareholders was fair, from a financial point of view, to those holders. For a
discussion of the other factors considered by our board of directors in approving the merger at this meeting, see "Recommendation of Energy Search's Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger," below. For a discussion of First Union Securities'
fairness opinion, see "Opinion of First Union Securities" beginning on page ___.  At the meeting, our board of directors determined that the proposed merger agreement was fair to and in the best interests of Energy Search and our shareholders
and determined to recommend to our shareholders that they vote in favor of approval of the merger agreement. 

          On May 23, 2001 we and EOG Resources signed the merger agreement and we issued a press release concerning the merger agreement.

Recommendation of Energy Search's Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger 

  &nbsp       Our board of directors has determined that the terms of the merger agreement are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of Energy Search and our shareholders. In reaching this determination, the board
consulted with our senior management, as well as our financial advisors, accountants and legal counsel, and considered many factors, including the following:



information regarding historical market prices for Energy Search common stock and our projected future values and prospects as an independent entity;



the manner in which we solicited interest from potential buyers or combination candidates in 2000. Our board of directors considered that our senior management and McDonald Investments had contacted those parties believed to be likely, at that time,
to have an interest in a potential transaction with us;



the fact that First Union Securities approached us in February 2001 to introduce us to a significant party (EOG Resources) that was potentially interested in acquiring or combining with us;



the fact that First Union Securities rendered its formal written opinion to our board of directors concerning the fairness of the merger from a financial point of view to our shareholders;



a comparison of selected recent acquisitions and merger transactions in the oil and gas industry, as well as the trading performance for comparable companies in the oil and gas industry;



the current and prospective environment in which we operate, including economic conditions and risks and the competitive environment for oil and gas businesses;



our senior management's and board's knowledge of our business, operations, properties, assets, financial condition, operating results, sources of capital and access to capital markets, prospects and strategic alternatives and its view that the merger
represents the best alternative for maximizing the value of your investment in Energy Search stock; and



the fact that our shareholders who do not support the merger will be entitled to seek dissenters' rights under Tennessee law (see "Dissenters' Rights" beginning on page ___).

          Our senior management and board of directors also considered many potentially negative factors relating to the merger, including:



the fact that our shareholders will not be able to participate in any future growth of our company;



the fact that the merger will result in a taxable gain to our shareholders;



the fact that some members of our board of directors and senior management have interests in the merger that are different from our other shareholders (see "Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger" beginning on page ___);



the fact that our employees may be concerned about their employment status;



the possible distraction of our management from day-to-day operations while the merger is pending; and



the conditions required in connection with the merger, as well as the risks, costs, uncertainties and possible delays associated with completion of the merger.

  &nbsp       Our board of directors believes that the potential benefits of the merger outweigh these negative factors, and that the merger is fair to and in the best interests of Energy Search and our shareholders. 

Accordingly, your board recommends that you vote "FOR" approval of the merger agreement.

  &nbsp       The foregoing discussion concerns the main factors considered by our board. In view of the wide variety of factors considered, the board did not find it practicable to quantify, or attempt to assign relative weights
to, the various factors that it considered.


Opinion of First Union Securities 

          Under a letter agreement dated February 6, 2001, which was subsequently replaced with a new agreement dated May 10, 2001, we retained First Union Securities, Inc., a division of First Union Corporation, to
provide a fairness opinion in connection with the merger. We selected First Union Securities based on its expertise in financial matters and its experience in transactions similar to the proposed merger. 

          First Union Securities acted as financial advisor to our board of directors in evaluating the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to be received by the holders of outstanding Energy
Search common and preferred stock. On May 23, 2001, First Union Securities delivered its opinion to our board that, as of that date, the cash consideration of $8.22 per share to be received in the merger by the holders of Energy Search's outstanding
common and preferred stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to those shareholders.
The full text of the First Union Securities' opinion dated May 23, 2001 is included in Annex B to this proxy statement and is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. The opinion sets forth the
procedures followed, assumptions made, and matters considered, as well as the limitations of the review undertaken by First Union Securities in connection with its opinion. First Union Securities provided its opinion for the information and use of our
board of directors in connection with its consideration of the proposed merger. The opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how any Energy Search shareholder should vote on the merger agreement. Energy Search shareholders should read First
Union Securities' opinion in its entirety.

          In arriving at its opinion, First Union Securities, among other things, reviewed and analyzed the following:



the May 22, 2001 draft of the merger agreement;



publicly available information concerning Energy Search that First Union Securities believed to be relevant to its analysis, including the Energy Search's Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2000 and its Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March
31, 2001;



financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations, and prospects of Energy Search, furnished to First Union Securities by Energy Search's management, including financial projections for the period from 2001 through 2003;



estimates of proved and non-proved reserves and future production, revenue, operating costs, and capital investment prepared by management for Energy Search;



an SEC reserve report as of December 31, 2000 prepared by Wright & Company, Inc.;



a trading history of Energy Search's common stock from May 28, 1997 to May 22, 2001, and a comparison of that trading history with those of other publicly traded companies that First Union Securities deemed relevant;






the historical financial results and present financial condition of Energy Search compared with those of other publicly traded companies that First Union Securities deemed relevant; and



a comparison of the financial terms of the proposed merger with the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of comparable transactions that First Union Securities deemed relevant.

          In addition, First Union Securities had discussions with management concerning Energy Search's business, operations, assets, financial condition, prospects, reserves, production profiles, and exploration

programs. First Union Securities also undertook other studies, analyses, and investigations that it deemed appropriate.