The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Marine Drilling Cos & Pride International Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGERS

     The proposed mergers are the result of arm's length negotiations between
representatives of Pride and Marine. The following is a summary of the
background of these negotiations, which led to the unanimous approval of the
merger agreement by the boards of directors of both Pride and Marine.

     On several occasions prior to 2001, Paul A. Bragg, the president and chief
executive officer of Pride, and Jan Rask, the president and chief executive
officer of Marine, held informal conversations regarding a possible combination
of their two companies. In February 2000, the companies entered into a
confidentiality agreement and exchanged financial data and other relevant
information. Although several meetings were held between the companies' senior
executive officers, at the end of February 2000 Pride concluded that because of
contingencies relating to its deepwater rig construction program, any further
discussions at that time about a possible combination of the two companies would
not be useful.

     Between February 2000 and January 2001, there were no discussions or other
communications at any level about a possible combination of Marine and Pride.

     In January 2001, Mr. Rask approached representatives of Morgan Stanley to
suggest to Pride the possibility of a combination of Pride and Marine. On
February 14, 2001, the Morgan Stanley representatives and Mr. Rask met with
William E. Macaulay, a director of Pride and the chairman and chief executive
officer of First Reserve Corporation, which manages two investment funds that
own approximately 15% of Pride's outstanding common stock. The purpose of the
meeting was to explore whether Pride would be interested in opening discussions
about a potential merger. Following this meeting, Mr. Macaulay provided Mr.
Bragg a summary of what had transpired, including a report on Marine's interest
in revisiting the subject of a possible business combination.
On March 8, 2001, Morgan Stanley, after advising both parties that it
wished to act only as an intermediary until each side determined that it wanted
to pursue substantive negotiations, made separate presentations to the senior
executive officers of each of Pride and Marine regarding the strategic and
operational advantages of combining the two companies. Following those meetings,
Morgan Stanley was asked to develop a more comprehensive analysis of a possible
combination of Pride and Marine.

     On March 28 and 29, 2001, representatives of Morgan Stanley met with senior
executives of Marine to further elaborate Morgan Stanley's views on the benefits
of the possible business combination and to discuss structure and implementation
of the potential transaction. Following the meeting on March 29, 2001,
representatives of Morgan Stanley met with Messrs. Bragg, Macaulay and Rask, as
well as Robert L. Barbanell, chairman of the board of Marine, to discuss certain
key elements of a possible merger of Marine and Pride.

     On March 30, 2001, Marine's board of directors met to receive a report from
Mr. Rask and other senior executives of Marine concerning the possible
transaction with Pride. At the meeting, management described Morgan Stanley's
views and their own views concerning the possible combination of Marine and
Pride. The recent meetings with Mr. Bragg and Mr. Macaulay were also reported
and discussed. At the conclusion of the meeting, there was a consensus that
management should continue discussions and proceed with due diligence
investigations of Pride.

     On April 2, 2001, Pride and Marine executed a new confidentiality agreement
to facilitate mutual due diligence investigations concerning the possible
business combination.

     On April 6, 2001, at a meeting of Pride's board of directors, Messrs. Bragg
and Macaulay reviewed various financial, strategic and operational
considerations of a business combination of Pride and Marine and discussed an
analytical summary prepared by Morgan Stanley. Following that review and
discussion, Pride's Board authorized Messrs. Bragg and Macaulay to continue
their discussions with Messrs. Rask and Barbanell and further authorized Pride's
senior management to cooperate with Marine's senior management in the conduct of
their respective due diligence investigations.

     Throughout the month of April and in early May 2001, representatives of
Pride and Marine met several times to conduct their respective due diligence
investigations and, in consultation with their respective legal counsel and
independent accountants, to discuss the framework for combination of the two
companies. Representatives of Morgan Stanley also participated in some of these
meetings.

     On April 19, 2001, the management of Marine and Pride each provided a
management presentation to the other and to Morgan Stanley. On April 26, 2001,
Mr. Rask advised Mr. Bragg that Marine intended to retain Morgan Stanley to act
as Marine's financial advisor in any further discussions about a business
combination of Marine with Pride. On April 27, 2001, Mr. Bragg contacted Salomon
Smith Barney about acting as Pride's financial advisor, and thereafter
representatives of Salomon Smith Barney met on several occasions with senior
executive officers of Pride and conducted financial due diligence investigations
of both Pride and Marine. On May 3, 2001, Pride formally engaged Salomon Smith
Barney.
In a series of meetings in late April and early May 2001 between Messrs.
Bragg and Macaulay on behalf of Pride and Messrs. Barbanell and Rask on behalf
of Marine, the parties reached general agreement on several matters, including
the organization of a new Delaware corporation as the survivor of a business
combination of Marine and Pride, the number of representatives from each of
Marine and Pride that would initially serve on the board of directors of the new
Delaware company and other corporate governance matters, the market focus and
growth strategies for the combined company, and the composition of the new
Delaware company's senior management.

     Beginning in early May 2001 and continuing through May 23, 2001,
representatives of Pride and Marine, including their respective legal counsel,
held meetings to discuss and negotiate the terms of the proposed merger
agreement and related reciprocal stock option agreements. In connection with the
negotiation of the proposed merger agreement, the tax treatment and the
financial accounting treatment of the possible transaction was also discussed.
On May 1, 2001, a meeting of Marine's board of directors was held in which
certain of Marine's senior executives and its legal counsel participated to
discuss the possible transaction with Pride. Mr. Rask recapped the earlier
stages of his discussions with Pride and Morgan Stanley and his more recent
discussions. A general discussion was also held regarding the business strategy
of Pride. Marine's management reported on the progress of due diligence
investigations of Pride, including physical inspections of certain of Pride's
rigs, and on planned due diligence inquiries that were yet to be completed. At
the conclusion of the meeting there was a consensus that negotiations should
proceed further with respect to, among other things, the exchange ratios for
Pride's and Marine's common stock, the new Delaware company's strategy, the
identity of the new company's eight member board of directors, its corporate
governance features and the composition of the new company's executive
management.

     During the week of May 7, 2001 and continuing through May 14, 2001, Messrs.
Bragg, Macaulay, Barbanell and Rask had several meetings and telephone
conversations, in which representatives of both Morgan Stanley and Salomon Smith
Barney participated, to negotiate mutually acceptable exchange ratios of shares
of the new Delaware company for each Pride share and each Marine share.

     On May 14, 2001, the board of directors of Marine met to receive a
presentation from Morgan Stanley of its analysis of the proposed business
combination with Pride. Also in attendance were certain of Marine's senior
executives and legal counsel for Marine. Following Morgan Stanley's presentation
and a question and answer period, representatives of Morgan Stanley were excused
from the meeting and a
general discussion of various points raised in the presentation was held.
Marine's management also updated the Marine board on the status of due diligence
reviews. Mr. Rask and senior management were then excused from the meeting
following which the outside directors of Marine discussed personnel matters
likely to arise if the proposed transaction were to proceed. Near the conclusion
of the meeting, Mr. Rask and Marine's other senior managers returned and
Marine's board authorized Mr. Barbanell and Mr. Rask to proceed with negotiating
further the terms of a proposed merger, including the exchange ratio for
Marine's shareholders. A board meeting was set for the next day for the purpose
of receiving a report from Messrs. Barbanell and Rask on their further
negotiations.

     On May 15, 2001, Messrs. Barbanell and Rask reported to the Marine board of
directors their recent negotiations with Messrs. Bragg and Macaulay of Pride
since the board meeting of the day before, particularly with respect to the
proposed exchange ratio for the transaction and Marine's desire for the new
company not to have a classified board of directors. At the conclusion of the
meeting, Mr. Rask was authorized to propose an exchange ratio of one share of
the new company's common stock for each share of Marine common stock and each
share of Pride common stock.

     On May 16, 2001, Messrs. Bragg, Macaulay and Barbanell reached agreement to
recommend to their respective boards of directors an exchange ratio of one share
of New Pride common stock for each share of Marine common stock and each share
of Pride common stock.

     On May 17, 2001, Marine's board of directors held a meeting in which
Messrs. Barbanell and Rask reported on their negotiations since the last meeting
of the Marine board. Mr. Barbanell advised the board that the managements of
both Marine and Pride had agreed to recommend to their respective boards
acceptance of a one-for-one exchange ratio for each share of Marine and Pride
with the new company. Mr. Barbanell reported that he had discussed with Mr.
Macaulay a number of issues, including the possibility of accounting for the
transaction as a pooling of interests, provided that a definitive agreement
could be reached and publicly announced by June 30, 2001, after which date it
was believed that transactions would be ineligible for pooling of interests
accounting. With respect to the composition of the new company's board of
directors, Marine's board determined that each director of Marine would nominate
in writing three members from Marine's board, in addition to Mr. Barbanell, to
serve on the board of the combined company, assuming all other aspects of the
merger were satisfactorily resolved. The three Marine directors receiving the
most nominations would then be proposed by Marine for membership on the new
company's eight member board of directors. Mr. Barbanell was authorized to
tabulate and announce the results of the nominations at a later date.
On May 18, 2001, the board of directors of Pride met to discuss the
proposed form of merger agreement, the mergers and related transactions.
Representatives of Salomon Smith Barney and Pride's legal counsel, together with
members of Pride's senior management, also participated in this meeting. Salomon
Smith Barney made a presentation regarding the financial terms of the proposed
merger. After a period of deliberation, which included a review of the terms of
the merger agreement, the tax and accounting objectives expected to be achieved
and related matters, Pride's board adjourned the meeting until May 21, 2001 in
order to provide directors an opportunity to reflect on the proposed mergers.
Pride's board asked Mr. Bragg to nominate at the May 21 meeting four members of
Pride's board to serve on the board of the combined company.

     On May 21, 2001, Pride's directors reconvened their adjourned May 18
meeting to give further consideration to the proposed mergers and to provide
directors with an opportunity to ask additional questions of Salomon Smith
Barney, legal counsel and senior management. Following this discussion, Salomon
Smith Barney expressed its oral opinion (which was subsequently confirmed in
writing) to the effect that as of that date the proposed exchange ratio (taking
into account both the Marine merger and the reincorporation merger) was fair,
from a financial point of view, to holders of Pride common stock on the date of
the opinion. See "-- Opinion of Salomon Smith Barney Inc." Following receipt of
that oral opinion, Pride's board of directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement and created a merger committee, comprised of Messrs. Bragg and
Macaulay, to take such further action on behalf of the Pride board as may be
necessary to cause the mergers to be consummated. Mr. Bragg proposed the names
of

four members of Pride's board to serve on the board of the combined company,
which proposal was unanimously approved.

     On May 23, 2001, Marine's board of directors held a meeting in which
Marine's senior executives and legal counsel participated. Morgan Stanley
participated in the first part of the meeting. Prior to the meeting, members of
the Marine board received the proposed form of merger agreement and reciprocal
stock options, copies of the presentation materials to which Morgan Stanley
would refer, and other written materials prepared by management and legal
counsel pertaining to the proposed transaction. At the outset of the meeting,
the Marine board received further presentations from Morgan Stanley concerning
the proposed transaction, assuming an exchange ratio of one share of the new
company for each share of the common stock of Marine and Pride. Following the
Morgan Stanley presentation and questions and answers, the Marine board received
the oral opinion of Morgan Stanley, which was subsequently confirmed in writing,
that the consideration to be received by Marine's shareholders in the merger was
fair to Marine's shareholders from a financial point of view. See "-- Opinion of
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated." The board also received a report from
Marine's legal counsel concerning certain features of the proposed merger
documentation. After a further discussion of various aspects of the merger and
considering Morgan Stanley's fairness opinion, the Marine board of directors
voted unanimously to approve the merger agreement in substantially the form
presented and to recommend that Marine shareholders approve the merger
agreement. Marine's board also authorized Marine's management to finalize the
merger agreement and take such other action as management deemed necessary to
accomplish the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
Immediately following the conclusion of the Marine board meeting on May 23,
the merger agreement was finalized and signed by the parties. The following
morning, Pride and Marine issued a joint press release announcing the execution
of the merger agreement.

PRIDE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGERS

  Reasons for the Marine Merger

     Over the past four years, Pride has experienced substantial growth
resulting from the implementation of its strategy to expand its presence in the
higher margin offshore and international drilling markets. Since February 1997,
Pride has completed significant acquisitions and newbuild projects as well as
conversions, upgrades and refurbishments of its rig fleet. Pride now operates a
global fleet of 305 rigs, including two ultra-deepwater drillships, nine
semisubmersible rigs, 19 jack-up rigs, five tender-assisted rigs, three barge
rigs, 21 offshore platform rigs and 246 land-based drilling and workover rigs.
This period of growth has been accompanied by a substantial increase in Pride's
consolidated long-term indebtedness, which amounted to approximately $1.7
billion at March 31, 2001. The cost of servicing this additional indebtedness
has put constraints on Pride's earnings growth and, consequently, at times the
attractiveness of Pride's common stock in the investment community. Looking
ahead, it is believed that Pride's current debt levels in relation to its equity
market capitalization could impair Pride's ability to continue to grow its
business.
The combination of Pride and Marine presents a unique opportunity for
deleveraging Pride's consolidated balance sheet and, at the same time,
significantly enhances the competitive positions of both Pride and Marine in the
Gulf of Mexico jack-up rig market and elsewhere. In reaching their conclusion to
approve and recommend the Marine Merger, Pride's directors, in consultation with
members of senior management, legal counsel, independent accountants and
representatives of Salomon Smith Barney, considered many factors, including the
following:

     - By virtue of the fact that Marine is essentially debt-free and the
       mergers will involve the issuance of stock for stock, New Pride's total
       indebtedness as a percentage of total capitalization will be
       approximately 54%, as compared to 62% for Pride. It is expected that this
       will result in improved credit ratings for Pride's outstanding publicly
       traded debt and will thereby reduce New Pride's borrowing costs. In this
       connection, both Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investor Services have

       announced that they are reviewing Pride's publicly traded debt securities
       for possible rating upgrades.

     - Following the mergers, New Pride is expected to be in a position to
       reduce long-term indebtedness and further deleverage its consolidated
       balance sheet from cash flow.

     - New Pride will become the second largest operator of jack-up rigs in the
       Gulf of Mexico and the third largest in the world, which is expected to
       substantially improve the combined companies' competitive position. New
       Pride's competitive position in the deepwater market is also expected to
       improve with the addition of Marine's two deepwater semisubmersible rigs
       to Pride's existing deepwater fleet.
- As a larger company with a substantially larger equity market
       capitalization and stronger balance sheet, New Pride is expected to be a
       more credible and attractive participant in additional industry
       consolidation initiatives than Pride can be on a stand-alone basis.

     - The size of New Pride's equity market capitalization resulting from an
       all-stock transaction is expected to command a higher valuation in the
       stock market than is achievable by Pride alone by providing greater
       liquidity to investors, in addition to reduced debt leverage.

     - The Pride board of directors considered the effect of the combination
       with Marine on cash flow and earnings per share of New Pride as compared
       with Pride on a stand-alone basis.

     - It is expected that cost savings of at least $10-15 million per year will
       be achievable by New Pride through elimination of redundant shore-based
       facilities and duplicative overhead, increased marketing synergies and
       increased purchasing power.

     - The combination with Marine will be tax-free to Pride and its
       shareholders.

     - The combination with Marine is expected to qualify for treatment as a
       pooling of interests under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

     - Pride's board of directors considered the presentation, advice and
       opinion of Salomon Smith Barney delivered at its meeting held on May 18,
       2001 and May 21, 2001, with the opinion being subsequently confirmed in
       writing on May 23, 2001, to the effect that the exchange ratio (taking
       into account both the Marine merger and the reincorporation merger) is
       fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Pride common
       stock on the date of the opinion.