The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between York Group Inc & Matthews International Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         In September 1999 in Kansas City, executives of York and Wilbert, Inc.
met to discuss possible business opportunities and strategic alliances. Wilbert
is a privately-held Illinois corporation that has an established network of
independently owned licensees which are granted the right to manufacture and
sell Wilbert burial vaults and to whom Wilbert supplies burial vault forms,
liners and other related products. Wilbert also manufactures a variety of
vacuum-molded plastic products, adhesives, coatings and other similar products.
In October 1999, York representatives received from Curtis J. Zamec, president
and chief executive officer of Wilbert, financial and other information
regarding Wilbert.

         Discussions between Wilbert and York representatives continued through
October and November 1999 in Chicago and Kansas City concerning potential joint
business opportunities between the companies. These discussions included a
review of York's financial forecasts and other financial information. In January
2000, Wilbert representatives (board of directors members Mr. Zamec, Terry G.
Christenberry, and Joseph U. Suhor III) met with York representatives (board of
directors members Robert T. Rakich, Roger W. Sevedge, Kirk P. Pendleton, Alan H.
Elder, H. Joe Trulove and Bill W. Wilcock, then president and chief executive
officer) to discuss operational issues and a possible business combination.
In February 2000, a mutual confidentiality agreement was executed
between York and Wilbert and non-public financial information was exchanged. On
March 24, 2000, representatives of York and Wilbert discussed the financial
information and the potential weighting of shares in any proposed business
combination. Mr. Christenberry then sent Mr. Rakich correspondence concerning
hypothetical weightings for a business combination. These weightings made it
clear that Wilbert and its stockholders required a larger interest than York and
its stockholders in any combined business. On March 27, 2000, Mr. Rakich
reported this information to the York board of directors and proposed to discuss
these matters in full at York's regularly scheduled board of directors meeting
on May 17, 2000. On May 28, 2000, York informed Wilbert that York wished to
postpone any further discussions due to York's ongoing efforts to refinance its
existing debt.

         In May 2000, York and its lenders entered into a waiver and forbearance
agreement, and York received certain financial covenant waivers pursuant to its
amended and restated credit agreement. York's total debt at the time was $72.0
million. York's management then undertook a comprehensive review of alternatives
to reduce and refinance its debt.

         From the end of May 2000 through June 2000, Mr. Zamec telephoned Mr.
Elder several times seeking a private meeting regarding Mr. Elder's support of a
business combination and a potential purchase of Mr. Elder's shares of York
common stock by Wilbert. On June 20, 2000, Mr. Elder met with Mr. Zamec in
Philadelphia, at which time Mr. Elder informed Mr. Zamec that he would not
discuss the matter further with Mr. Zamec.
On September 18, 2000, Wilbert filed a Schedule 13D reporting ownership
of 9.9% of York's outstanding common stock. On September 20, 2000, Thomas J.
Crawford, York's new chief executive officer, spoke by telephone with Mr. Zamec
concerning Wilbert's acquisition of York shares. Mr. Crawford and Mr. Zamec
agreed to meet in person at the annual National Funeral Directors Association
convention in early October. On September 21, 2000, Wilbert amended its Schedule
13D reporting ownership of 11.3% of York's outstanding common stock.

         On September 27, 2000, the York board of directors approved and adopted
the York Rights Agreement pursuant to which rights to acquire York common stock
would be triggered when a person or entity acquired 15% or more of York's
outstanding common stock. On October 2, 2000, Wilbert formally requested that
the York board of directors reverse its action in adopting the York Rights
Agreement, approve Wilbert under Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law and permit Wilbert to continue to make purchases of shares of York common
stock. Wilbert also amended its Schedule 13D reporting an increased ownership of
11.8% of York's outstanding common stock. Mr. Crawford informed Mr. Zamec by
telephone that York would not reverse its actions in adopting the York Rights
Agreement or approve Wilbert under Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

         In September 2000, York again entered into a waiver and forbearance
agreement with its lenders and received certain covenant waivers under its
amended and restated credit agreement through December 2000. York's total debt
at the time was $67.6 million. York management continued its focus on reducing
and refinancing its debt.

         On October 8, 2000, Mr. Zamec and Mr. Crawford met at the National
Funeral Directors Association convention. On October 24, 2000, Wilbert amended
its Schedule 13D reporting ownership of 13.2% of York's

                                   -13-


outstanding common stock. On November 10, 2000, Messrs. Zamec, Christenberry,
Crawford and Pendleton met in Philadelphia to discuss the general state of
the death care industry, recent industry trends and challenges, various
structures under which Wilbert's and York's stockholders might benefit from a
full or partial business combination and its potential benefits, the various
product lines, sales methods and distribution channels of each respective
company, and of Wilbert potentially making a loan to York. The
representatives agreed to discuss these matters with their respective
companies.

         On November 16, 2000, Mr. Crawford called Mr. Zamec requesting a
meeting between representatives of York and Wilbert. On November 21, 2000,
Messrs. Zamec, Christenberry, Suhor, Pendleton, Elder and Sevedge met in
Philadelphia. During that meeting, Wilbert's representatives expressed again
their interest in a combination between the two companies or a transaction in
which Wilbert would make a loan to York enabling York to refinance its debt.
York representatives requested the companies each designate representatives to
study a potential combination and to develop a joint plan of operation which
would then be followed by further discussions.
Previously, on November 8, 2000, Wilbert requested York to produce or
make available its stock ledger and any related records or documents for
Wilbert's inspection. York denied that request for failure to state a proper
purpose as required by applicable law. Mr. Crawford, however, in a subsequent
telephone conversation with Mr. Zamec, invited Wilbert to send a second request
stating a proper purpose with his indication that York would honor Wilbert's
proper request. Wilbert sent a second letter, dated November 30, 2000,
requesting to inspect York's stock ledger with an amended purpose to solicit
proxies or consents to call a special meeting at which Wilbert would seek to
replace the York board of directors, or to solicit proxies to replace the York
board of directors at the next annual meeting.

         On December 1, 2000, Wilbert sent a letter to York proposing a business
combination between the two companies. Such proposal contained no financial
terms, but did include a proposal that the majority of the new company's board
of directors would be Wilbert nominees. On December 1, 2000, Wilbert also
amended its Schedule 13D reporting ownership of 14.1% of York's outstanding
common stock.

         On December 8, 2000, Messrs. Pendleton and Crawford contacted David M.
Kelly, chief executive officer of Matthews, by telephone regarding possible
business combinations between York and Matthews. They agreed to have further
discussions.

         On December 19, 2000, Mr. Crawford sent a letter to Mr. Zamec stating
that the continuation of discussions with Wilbert was not in the best interests
of York's stockholders, and that the York board of directors had concluded that
it could best maximize stockholder value by executing its refinancing plan. Mr.
Crawford noted that while Wilbert had released its proposal publicly, there
still was no specific proposal that would provide value to all York
stockholders.
In late December 2000 and early January 2001, Mr. Kelly made telephone
calls to Messrs. Crawford and Pendleton regarding a possible transaction between
York and Matthews. On January 4, 2001, Messrs. Kelly, Crawford, Pendleton,
Elder, and Edward J. Boyle, vice president, accounting and finance, treasurer
and secretary of Matthews, met in Atlanta, Georgia to discuss the benefits of an
acquisition of York by Matthews.

         On January 8, 2001, Wilbert and Mr. Marvin Barbee transmitted a letter
to York requesting that York present certain persons as nominees for director at
York's 2001 annual meeting, who, if elected, would constitute the entire York
board of directors. The letter also invited York to propose certain persons in
the board of director's slate of nominees.

         On January 15, 2001, York executed a waiver and forbearance agreement
and consent with its lenders and received certain covenant waivers until June
2001 relating to its amended and restated credit agreement. Among other things,
the forbearance agreement also established interim debt reduction targets. To
achieve these targets and meet York's current management plans, York began to
divest certain assets, including its casket distribution operations and metal
vault manufacturing operations.

         On January 24, 2001, Messrs. Kelly, Crawford and Boyle met in
Pittsburgh to further discuss a potential transaction between York and Matthews,
including the process for determining the valuation of York, and a potential
price for York.

         On February 7, 2001, Mr. Zamec sent a letter to Mr. Crawford proposing
that Wilbert lend York $15 million in the form of a seven year debenture that
would be convertible in whole or in part, at Wilbert's option, into common stock
of York at a conversion price of $4.75. Repayment of the principal under the
loan would not begin

                                   -14-


until the third year of the loan. Among other conditions to the proposed
loan, Wilbert requested that Wilbert nominees constitute the majority of the
York board of directors at the closing of the loan, as well as the majority
of the directors proposed at its next annual meeting. Wilbert also asked the
York board of directors to take action exempting the transaction from York's
Shareholder Rights Plan and provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General

         At its February 19, 2001 meeting, the York board of directors discussed
Wilbert's proposal and potential responses. At that time, they also reviewed the
status of York's ongoing debt reduction activities. The York board of directors
unanimously agreed that the convertible loan proposal made by Wilbert and the
$4.75 per share conversion price was insufficient. At this meeting, the York
board of directors also discussed a potential transaction with Matthews and a
scheduled meeting between representatives from York and Matthews on February 20,
2001 in Atlanta. At this meeting, Messrs. Kelly, Crawford, Boyle and Dan Malone,
vice president finance and chief financial officer of York, discussed the terms
and valuation of a potential transaction between Matthews and York.

         On February 21, 2001, Mr. Crawford sent a letter to Mr. Zamec rejecting
Wilbert's proposal to lend York $15 million pursuant to a convertible note and
appoint a majority of the York board of directors.

         At a February 27, 2001 meeting, the York board of directors discussed a
possible proxy contest by Wilbert and the potential transaction with Matthews.


         On March 2, 2001, Mr. Zamec sent a letter of intent to Mr. Crawford
proposing to acquire all of the assets related to York's metal vault
manufacturing operations at a purchase price of $2.2 million in cash. At a March
5, 2001 meeting, the York board of directors compared Wilbert's offer to other
offers York received, which were far in excess of Wilbert's offer. This letter
of intent expired on March 15, 2001 without an acceptance by York.

         On March 16, 2001, Mr. Zamec sent a letter to the York board of
directors proposing a business combination transaction in which Wilbert would
acquire the outstanding common stock of those York stockholders desiring to sell
their stock for $6.50 per share. Wilbert also expressed its willingness to
provide stock in the combined entity in exchange for York shares for those
stockholders wishing to continue their ownership interest. Wilbert's proposal
was conditioned upon, among other things, a due diligence investigation, the
absence of a material adverse change in York's situation, and the approval of
the transaction by the York board of directors.

         In Houston on March 19 and March 20, 2001, Messrs. Kelly, Crawford,
Boyle and Malone met to discuss the terms of the potential acquisition of York
by Matthews.

         At a March 22, 2001 special meeting, the York board of directors
discussed Wilbert's March 16, 2001 correspondence and most recent Schedule 13D
filing. The York board of directors agreed to retain Houlihan Lokey as its
financial advisor to review York's alternatives, and discussed the ongoing
merger discussions with Matthews and the possible sale of York's commemorative
products segment to Matthews.

         At an April 2, 2001 special meeting of the York board of directors, Mr.
Crawford updated the board on the status of the merger discussions with Matthews
and the proposed sale of York's commemorative products segment to Matthews. Mr.
Crawford also reviewed the March 16, 2001 correspondence from Wilbert.

         From April 9 through April 12, 2001, York's representatives met with
the representatives of Matthews in Pittsburgh to discuss further the terms and
conditions of a possible sale of the commemorative products segment and a
potential merger of the companies.

         On April 18, 2001, the York board of directors met by telephone to
discuss Wilbert's March 16, 2001 correspondence proposing the purchase of York
stock from willing stockholders for $6.50 per share. At this meeting the York
board of directors also discussed the status of the proposed transactions with
Matthews. Later that day, the York board of directors met again by telephone and
discussed the terms of the proposed merger with Matthews and the proposed sale
of York's commemorative products segment to Matthews. Representatives from
Houlihan Lokey attended and participated in discussions concerning transaction
alternatives with Matthews and Wilbert, as well as refinancing options.
On April 27, 2001, the York board of directors held a special meeting
at which Mr. Crawford reviewed the status of merger discussions with Matthews
and the proposed sale of York's commemorative products segment to Matthews. York
also publicly announced on that date that it had achieved the debt reduction
targets in its forbearance agreement by reducing its net debt to approximately
$40 million.

                                   -15-

         On May 1, 2001, Mr. Crawford sent a letter to Mr. Zamec rejecting
Wilbert's March 16 proposal.

         On May 3, 2001, York announced the sale of its metal vault
manufacturing operations, which sale was closed on May 21, 2001. York received
consideration substantially in excess of the amount Wilbert had offered for the
metal vault manufacturing operations, and used the sales price to further reduce
its debt.

         On May 10, 2001, Mr. Zamec sent a letter to the York board of directors
proposing a business combination transaction in which Wilbert would acquire all
outstanding common stock of York for $7.75 per share.

         From April 27, 2001 to May 23, 2001, representatives of York and
Matthews and their respective counsel continued to negotiate the terms of the
sale of York's commemorative products segment to Matthews and the terms of a
merger with Matthews, including the merger agreement and related agreements.

         On May 14, 2001, Mr. Zamec, Mr. Christenberry and Wilbert's legal
counsel met in Houston with Mr. Crawford, Mr. Malone and York's legal counsel,
to discuss Wilbert's May 10, 2001 offer to acquire the outstanding stock of York
and the maximum price Wilbert would be willing to offer.

         The York board of directors held a special meeting by telephone on May
18, 2001 to review the proposed sale of the commemorative products segment to
Matthews and the terms of the proposed merger with Matthews, and the results of
the meeting with Wilbert representatives on May 14, 2001. On May 23, 2001, the
York board of directors held a special meeting by telephone to (i) approve the
sale of the commemorative products segment to Matthews, (ii) approve the terms
of a merger with Matthews and (iii) receive the fairness opinion from Houlihan
Lokey with respect to the merger.

         During the evening of May 23, 2001 the merger agreement was executed by
York and Matthews and announced in a joint press release. The sale to Matthews
of the commemorative products segment was completed on May 24, 2001.

PURPOSE AND REASONS FOR THE MERGER

         The transaction was initiated by the York board of directors as a
result of its determination that a sale to a strategic buyer or financial
investor represented the most viable alternative to maximize stockholder value,
and the York board of directors believes that the merger presents the best
opportunity to maximize stockholder value.


         The primary benefit of the merger to York stockholders is the ability
of York stockholders to realize the value of their investment in York in cash at
a price which represents a substantial premium to the market price for the
common stock prior to the public announcement of the transaction. As a result of
the merger, York stockholders will cease to have any ownership interest in York
and will cease to participate in future earnings growth, if any, of York or to
benefit from the increase, if any, in the value of York. In addition, each
stockholder of York will recognize a taxable gain upon the completion of the
merger if and to the extent the amount of cash such stockholder receives in the
merger exceeds his or her tax basis in the York common stock.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         THE YORK BOARD OF DIRECTORS BELIEVES THE TERMS OF THE MERGER ARE FAIR
TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, YORK AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS, HAS UNANIMOUSLY
APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
"FOR" ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

         In reaching its decision to approve the merger and the merger
agreement, the York board of directors consulted with its financial and legal
advisors and considered a variety of factors, including the following: