The abbreviation is defined here:

    MiniMed Inc. (the "Company") will hold a special meeting of its
stockholders on      day,             , 2001, beginning at 10:00 a.m. (PDT), at
the Performing Arts Center at California State University, Northridge, 18111
Nordhoff Street, Northridge, California 91330. The Performing Arts Center is
located on Zelzah Avenue between Prairie and Plummer Streets in Northridge,
California. At the special meeting, the Company's stockholders will be asked to
vote on a proposal to adopt the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of June   , 2001, by and among the Company, Medtronic, Inc. and
MMI Merger Sub, Inc., pursuant to which:

The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Since we went public in July 1995, companies have approached us from time
to time regarding possible strategic transactions, including the possibility of
another company acquiring us.

      In October 1998, our Board of Directors evaluated various private financing
sources of working capital. In this connection, Mr. Mann, our Executive
Chairman, contacted William George, Chairman of Medtronic. This contact led to
Medtronic's purchase from us of approximately 3% of the then outstanding Company
common stock for $30 million. Medtronic later sold that stock.

     During the fourth quarter of 1999, Medtronic representatives contacted Mr.
Mann and our investment banker, expressing an interest in a possible strategic
transaction with us. Preliminary discussions ensued. In these discussions,
Medtronic indicated its interest in concurrently acquiring Medical Research
Group. During April 2000, Medtronic asked to have more substantive discussions
with us regarding a possible strategic transaction. Medtronic conducted a due
diligence review of Medical Research Group and us during May 2000.
On May 11, 2000, the Board of Directors held a special meeting at which Mr.
Mann reported on recent discussions with Medtronic regarding a possible
strategic transaction between the two companies, and Medtronic's potential
interest in a concurrent acquisition of Medical Research Group. The Board of
Directors then formed the Special Committee, composed of three directors, Thomas
R. Testman (as Chairman), William R. Grant and John C. Villforth. No member of
the Special Committee is or has been an employee of the Company, and no member
has any financial relationship with Mr. Mann or ownership or other interest in
Medical Research Group. The Special Committee was formed, in part, because Mr.
Mann is Medical Research Group's Chairman and has a substantial ownership
interest in Medical Research Group that could have created conflicts of interest
in any transaction involving both Medical Research Group and us. Mr. Mann did
not participate with other members of senior management in providing information
or advice to, or in connection with the deliberations of, the Special Committee,
except on a limited basis when requested to do so by the Special Committee.

     The Board of Directors gave the Special Committee broad authority,
including the authority to review, evaluate, respond to and negotiate a
transaction with Medtronic. The Board also gave the Special Committee similar
authority to explore and consider any other business combination proposals,
offers or expressions of interest we received during the Medtronic discussions
and negotiations.

     At the same Board meeting, independent legal counsel, who had been engaged
to advise the Special Committee in connection with the potential transaction,
gave a presentation on the fiduciary duties of our directors in the context of
such a transaction. Representatives from UBS Warburg reviewed with the Board
certain financial aspects of a possible transaction with Medtronic.

     On May 15, 2000, the Special Committee held a meeting at which its
independent counsel gave the Special Committee further legal guidance. The
Special Committee decided that it was appropriate to ask UBS Warburg, which was
initially retained as the Company's financial advisor, to also act as the
Special Committee's financial advisor. Our senior management reported that they,
UBS Warburg, and our regular legal counsel had begun a due diligence review of
Medtronic.

     Throughout the period up to mid-June 2000, our senior management and UBS
Warburg had general discussions with representatives of Medtronic regarding the
possibility of a strategic transaction, including the potential structure and
terms of a transaction. Our senior management visited Medtronic's headquarters
in Minneapolis on May 30, 2000, to conduct due diligence on Medtronic and meet
with Medtronic's officers. During this period, the Special Committee met twice
to review with our senior management and UBS Warburg the potential structure
for, and to discuss other issues relating to, a transaction with Medtronic,
including potential issues relating to Medtronic's desire to accomplish a
concurrent acquisition of Medical Research Group, and a requirement that a
transaction be structured as a stock-for-stock merger that qualified for pooling
of interests accounting treatment. The Special Committee authorized continued
discussions with Medtronic.
Despite these discussions, no agreement could be reached with Medtronic,
primarily because of the relative trading values of the two companies' stock
prices. As a result, in early July 2000, we mutually decided to terminate
discussions.

     At regular meetings on June 21 and July 12, 2000, the Board reviewed the
status of discussions with Medtronic, including the mutual decision to terminate

     In January 2001, Medtronic representatives contacted us and expressed an
interest in resuming discussions relating to a possible strategic transaction
involving an exchange of its shares for our shares. Medtronic continued to
require the consummation of a strategic transaction with Medical Research Group
concurrently with a transaction with us.

     On January 25, 2001, at a regular meeting of the Board, Mr. Mann reported
that Medtronic had reinitiated discussions with us regarding the possibility of
a strategic stock-for-stock transaction. Our senior management reported that
such discussions were still preliminary in nature, but the parties were
exploring the possibility of such a transaction. The Board requested that senior
management report back if the discussions became more serious.
On February 9, 2001, Mr. Mann reported at a special meeting of the Board
that he had received a letter dated February 2, 2001 from Medtronic expressing
an interest in a transaction involving Medical Research Group and us. The
proposal involved a stock transaction for separate but concurrent mergers of the
Company and Medical Research Group with Medtronic, based on a fixed exchange
ratio of one share of Medtronic common stock for each share of Company common
stock, to be allocated between the Company's stockholders and the Medical
Research Group stockholders. The letter did not specify any allocation of the
purchase price between the two companies, and Medtronic's proposal lacked
adequate details to determine the overall valuation implied, which could only be
clarified through further discussion and negotiation. Mr. Mann also noted that
two other large companies in the health care industry also had indicated an
interest in talking to us about a possible strategic stock-for-stock
transaction. As a result, the Board reconvened the Special Committee.
At a February 12, 2001 meeting, the Special Committee discussed the status
of our preparation of a long-term strategic plan, the timing of the availability
of strategic information necessary for the Special Committee to evaluate our
alternatives fully, the status of discussions with other companies that had
expressed interest in considering a strategic stock-for-stock transaction with
us, and related matters. The Special Committee decided to continue to use UBS
Warburg as the Special Committee's primary financial advisor in discussions with
Medtronic and other companies that would be likely to have the resources and
interest in pursuing a strategic stock-for-stock transaction with us. Our senior
management and UBS Warburg reported on preliminary discussions with Medtronic
and the two other companies referred to above regarding a potential strategic
transaction with us. The Special Committee authorized our senior management and
UBS Warburg to continue these discussions, and to continue to identify companies
that might provide a good strategic fit for us and enable the Special Committee
to evaluate the value that might be available for our stockholders through a
strategic transaction.

     In February 2001, Salomon Smith Barney introduced a foreign company to us
that might be interested in a strategic stock-for-stock transaction with us. We
subsequently entered into an engagement

letter with Salomon Smith Barney under which it would provide certain services
to us. See "SPECIAL FACTORS -- Interests of the Company's Directors and Officers
in the Merger."


     At meetings on February 22 and March 1, 2001, the Special Committee
received updates from our senior management and UBS Warburg on discussions with
Medtronic and other companies and the possible benefits and financial
implications of a potential strategic stock-for-stock transaction. The Special
Committee indicated that discussions with any company should be viewed as
exploratory and that it was still in the process of evaluating the strategic
opportunities available to us as an independent organization or in connection
with a strategic transaction with a third party.

     On March 15 and 16, 2001, the Board held its annual strategy and planning
meetings, during which the Board and senior management discussed in detail our
operational, financial, and strategic plans for the future and the various
possible benefits, risks and capital requirements of these plans. The Chairman
of the Special Committee gave a report on the status of discussions with
Medtronic and other companies. The Board approved the continuance of these
discussions. During these meetings, the Special Committee decided that it would
be appropriate to retain independent legal counsel for the Special Committee,
and subsequently retained O'Melveny & Myers LLP as its independent legal
counsel.
On March 21, 2001, the Special Committee held a meeting to receive an
update on the status of discussions. Our senior management and UBS Warburg
indicated that active, but preliminary, discussions about a strategic
stock-for-stock transaction were taking place with four companies (including
Medtronic). With the exception of the one foreign-based company, the other
companies indicated that they would require that any transaction qualify for
pooling of interests accounting treatment. At the Special Committee's request,
our senior management reviewed our anticipated capital requirements in
connection with our strategic plan, to assist the Special Committee in its
evaluation of possible strategic alternatives. Management indicated that for us
to accomplish our principal new projects and possible acquisitions that the
Board evaluated at its annual strategic meeting retreat on March 15 and 16,
2001, additional capital would have to be generated either from operations or
from financing transactions.

     At a March 28, 2001 meeting, O'Melveny & Myers gave the Special Committee
an overview of the relevant duties and responsibilities of the Special
Committee. UBS Warburg gave an update on the status of negotiations with the
four companies (including Medtronic) with which discussions were ongoing. Each
of these four companies had stated an interest in conducting a due diligence
review of Medical Research Group in light of the contractual relationship
between us and Medical Research Group. At the same meeting, our senior
management discussed accounting issues that might arise in a possible
transaction involving Medical Research Group, particularly as to whether Medical
Research Group would qualify for pooling of interests accounting treatment.
At the March 28, 2001 meeting, the Special Committee also discussed the
implications of another company insisting on a concurrent transaction involving
Medical Research Group and us. The Special Committee believed that any potential
conflicts of interest would be better identified and evaluated by the Special
Committee if it and its advisors were kept aware of the status of those
discussions, but that the Special Committee and its advisors would not be
actively involved in the substantive aspects of a Medical Research Group
transaction. The Special Committee considered that it might play a role in
procedural issues if doing so was necessary or desirable to facilitate an
attractive transaction involving us. The Special Committee discussed that this
role might include assisting in connection with pooling of interests accounting
issues, since Medical Research Group's status in that regard could affect the
ability of a party to effect concurrent mergers with both of us. If an
attractive transaction involving us that was consistent with the Special
Committee's views about our appropriate strategic future could be facilitated on
a basis that was in the best interests of our stockholders, the Special
Committee concluded that it would explore and facilitate such a transaction even
if it involved Medical Research Group. However, the Special Committee believed
that efforts should be made to avoid direct linkage between any transaction
involving us and any transaction involving Medical Research Group.

     On April 5, 2001, the Special Committee held a meeting to receive a status
report. Our senior management reported on the status of the discussions with the
other companies regarding pooling of