The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Richton International Corp & Deere & Co:
Background of the Merger

   In 2000, Deere developed a "green industry" strategy that was designed to
expand Deere's participation with landscape contractors and other landscape
professionals to increase the level of business these parties could transact
with Deere. In the green industry area, Deere identified irrigation as a major
opportunity. After studying the irrigation business and evaluating strategic
alternatives, Deere determined that the best strategy was to acquire entities
engaged in the distribution of products in the green industry, including
irrigation products and systems. Deere subsequently identified several
companies, including Richton, which were in the irrigation equipment
distribution business.

   On July 18, 2000, David Werning and Michael McGrady (current president and
vice president, respectively, of McGinnis Farms, Inc., doing business as John
Deere Landscapes, Inc.) met with Fred R. Sullivan, president, chief executive
officer and chairman of the board of Richton, and the chief financial officer
of Richton, in New York to explore the feasibility of a strategic transaction
involving Deere and Richton. Mr. Sullivan advised the Deere representatives
that Richton was not for sale and that Richton intended to pursue its course of
expansion through acquisitions and the opening of new branches. Informal
conversations between the parties continued from time to time over the next
eight weeks.
On October 6, 2000, Deere sent a letter to Mr. Sullivan expressing Deere's
interest in pursuing an acquisition of Richton. On October 10, 2000, Deere
submitted to Richton a proposal indicating an interest in acquiring all of
Richton's common stock for $100 million. The Richton board of directors, after
due consideration, made a determination that the indication of interest was too
preliminary in nature and below expectations in terms of price to warrant
further consideration at that time; and Richton's management reiterated its
intent to pursue its own strategic course. On November 21, 2000, at the
invitation of Deere, Mr. Sullivan and Richton's CFO met with John Jenkins,
president of the worldwide commercial and consumer equipment division of Deere,
Robert Lane, chief executive officer of Deere, and Messrs. Werning and McGrady
at the corporate headquarters of Deere. As a result of the discussions between
Mr. Sullivan and Deere, Deere indicated that it was prepared to increase the
proposed offer price. Further discussions on the feasibility of a strategic
transaction as well as price and terms would ensue.

   On December 4, 2000, members of Deere's management made a presentation to
the Deere board of directors during which they outlined a strategy to expand
participation in the green industry by acquiring companies. Included in the
presentation was a discussion of possible terms for a proposed acquisition of
Richton. Deere's board of directors authorized Deere's management to move
forward with its efforts to proceed with a business combination transaction
with Richton. At this time, Richton made no similar authorization or
commitment. Throughout this period, Richton continued to implement its existing
business/strategic plan.
On or about December 5, 2000, Deere indicated that it was prepared to make
an enhanced offer of $125 million on an all cash basis, with various transition
issues to be discussed. On December 19, 2000, Deere representatives and
Richton's CFO and Richard Barnitt, a Richton director, met at Richton's offices
in New York City to discuss aspects of Deere's proposed offer of $125 million
and anticipated due diligence. At the request of Mr. Sullivan, Deere's
representatives suggested that an exchange-of-stock pricing mechanism might be
arranged, as well as a cash offer. As a precondition to formal consideration by
the Richton board, Richton representatives asked for clarification of Deere's
pricing mechanism. During this time, Richton received unsolicited indications
of interest from other prospective strategic partners.

   On January 9, 2001, Mr. Jenkins spoke with Mr. Sullivan regarding the
potential terms of a transaction. During the conversation, Mr. Jenkins outlined
an offer with an exchange-of-stock pricing mechanism and aggregate
consideration of $125 million. Under the terms of the discussion, Richton
shareholders would have the opportunity to elect to receive cash or Deere
common stock in exchange for their shares of Richton common stock, provided
that no more than 49% of the shares of Richton common stock could be exchanged
for cash. On January 9, 2001, Deere sent Mr. Sullivan a letter summarizing the
potential terms of the transaction as discussed in the January 9, 2001
conversation between Messrs. Jenkins and Sullivan.
On January 10, 2001, Richton's management presented the Deere proposal for
consideration at a meeting of Richton's board of directors. The Richton board
of directors formed a special committee of the board of directors for the
purpose of formally considering the Deere proposal and other strategic
alternatives including, but not limited to, Richton continuing with its
existing business plan. The Richton board of directors gave the special
committee authority to consider strategic alternatives, negotiate terms and
undertake due diligence if it deemed such actions appropriate. The special
committee retained Sills Cummis Radin Tischman Epstein & Gross, P.A. as its
special counsel. On January 16, 2001, Richton issued a press release indicating
it had received and was considering unsolicited expressions of interest in
acquiring Richton.

   On January 26, 2001, Richton and Deere entered into a confidentiality
agreement and Richton agreed to supply to Deere documents and information about
Richton's business.

   On January 29, 2001, the special committee convened to review with special
counsel the duties of the special committee and to discuss Richton's strategic
course, the Deere offer and other strategic alternatives. On January 31, 2001,
the special committee met at Richton's New York headquarters to consider an
appropriate course of action for Richton. The special committee deemed the
viewpoint of an investment bank important to determining the fairness of any
transaction to Richton's shareholders from a financial point of view and, after
consideration of a variety of investment banking candidates, engaged the
investment banking firm of Gleacher & Co. LLC. Gleacher & Co. was asked to
present a preliminary analysis of the market, Deere's business and prospects,
and the Deere proposal.
Commencing in February 2001 and through the signing of the merger agreement,
representatives of Deere and Richton's special committee, with their respective
financial and legal advisors, held numerous discussions during which they
negotiated various terms of the merger agreement, including the termination fee
and Richton's fiduciary obligations with respect to competing offers, and the
terms of the voting agreement.

   On February 6, 2001, Deere commenced the due diligence process at the
offices of Richton's outside counsel. Thereafter, representatives of Deere
conducted due diligence at Richton and its subsidiaries. On March 1, 2001, the
special committee convened a conference call in which it reviewed the progress
of due diligence and the negotiations with Deere and also reviewed the plans by
Richton to further its existing strategic course. On March 29, 2001, due
diligence meetings were held in New York City. At that meeting, Richton's
management team answered questions from Deere's management team about Richton's
milestones, sales and marketing strategy and historical and financial
performance, and Deere's management team answered questions from Richton about
Deere's milestones, sales and marketing strategy and historical and financial
performance. On-site due diligence by Deere continued through early April 2001.
During this period, Richton and Gleacher & Co. conducted due diligence with
respect to Deere.

   On April 20, 2001, Deere confirmed its willingness to move forward with the
proposed transaction. On April 24, 2001, the special committee met and
determined to proceed with a final review of the proposed transaction. The
special committee's special counsel and Gleacher & Co. were directed to proceed
with their negotiation of documentation and financial review.

   On May 1, 2001, representatives of Deere met telephonically with
representatives of Gleacher & Co. to discuss Deere's business and the perceived
benefits of combining Deere and Richton. At the special committee's direction,
Gleacher & Co. conducted a detailed review of financial information provided by
Deere.

   On May 22, 2001, the special committee met to discuss strategic options and
review the proposed transaction with Deere. The special committee heard a
presentation by its special counsel regarding the terms of Deere's offer.
Gleacher & Co. reviewed alternative valuation methodologies and recent
transactions. Gleacher & Co. delivered its oral opinion to the special
committee, later confirmed in writing, to the effect that the proposed merger
consideration was fair to Richton's stockholders (other than Deere and its
affiliates) from a financial point of view. At that meeting, the special
committee approved the proposed transaction with Deere subject to consent to
the proposed merger and merger agreement from Richton's board of directors. The
special committee then authorized its counsel to complete all documentation
associated with the proposed merger.

   On May 29, 2001, the Richton board of directors considered the approval of
the Deere transaction from the special committee and approved the merger and
merger agreement. On May 29, 2001, the parties signed the definitive merger
agreement. On May 30, 2001, Richton and Deere issued separate press releases
announcing the execution of the merger agreement. The voting agreement
thereafter was executed and delivered and accepted by Deere.
Recommendation of the Special Committee of the Richton Board of Directors

   After careful consideration, the special committee of the Richton board of
directors has determined the proposed merger and the merger agreement to be
fair to and in the best interests of Richton and its stockholders. The special
committee unanimously recommends approval of the proposed merger and the merger
agreement. The remaining members of Richton's board of directors join in the
recommendation. In considering the recommendation of the special committee, you
should be aware that certain directors and executive officers of Richton may
have certain interests in the merger that are different from, or are in
addition to, the interests of Richton's stockholders generally. Also, directors
and officers will receive continuing indemnification and directors and officers
insurance coverage under the provisions of the merger agreement. The directors
and officers of Richton will not continue as directors and officers after the
merger. The members of the special committee are not officers of Richton. See
"--Interests of Richton Management in the Merger" at page 34.

Richton's Reasons for the Merger

   In its evaluation of the proposed merger, the special committee of the
Richton board of directors consulted Richton's management, as well as its
outside financial advisor, consultants and legal counsel and, over the course
of several meetings, considered numerous potential benefits of the merger, the
most important of which included:

  .  Richton stockholders may elect to receive shares of Deere common stock,
     a substantially larger and more established and diversified participant
     in the agricultural equipment industry and, as a Fortune 500 and NYSE
     registered company, with a market in its stock that is larger and better
     established than that of the market for Richton's stock, providing the
     potential for greater stock marketability and/or return in the future
     than Richton may have on its own;
.  the view of the special committee that the combined company resulting
     from the merger, as a subsidiary of Deere, will have, among other
     things:

    --substantially greater financial and other resources available to it
     than Richton as a stand-alone company;

    --an enhanced marketing capability and the potential for a broader
     national and international presence; and

    --a larger sales force able to reach more customers;

  .  the fact that, for stockholders electing to receive solely Deere common
     stock, the merger is structured to be tax-free except to the extent cash
     is received in lieu of fractional share interests (see "The Merger-
     Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences" on page 37);

  .  the fact that the exchange ratio is fixed at .8415 shares of Deere
     common stock for each share of Richton common stock if the average
     closing sales price of Deere common stock for the 10 consecutive trading
     days ending on the second full trading day before the effective time of
     the merger is equal to or more than $42.9375 and that this ratio will
     increase if such average closing sales price is less than $42.9375, so
     that, in that latter case, Richton stockholders will receive more shares
     of Deere common stock, in effect maintaining the value of the aggregate
     consideration to be received by Richton stockholders if the average
     closing sales price were $42.9375; and
.  the fact that, for Richton stockholders electing to receive cash, the
     price per share to be received by Richton stockholders is fixed at
     $36.1299 per share and is in excess of the price at which Richton's
     common stock has traded in the public market in the recent past.
     Richton's common stock has been traded on the AMEX since November, 1989.
     The highest closing bid price at which Richton common stock has traded
     since that date prior to Richton's announcement that it was considering
     unsolicited expressions of interest was $25.125 on January 11, 2001. The
     trading volume of Richton shares is relatively low with an average
     weekly trading volume during the 52 weeks prior to entering into the
     merger agreement of approximately 30,750 shares. Deere's common stock
     has been traded on the NYSE since 1933 and its average daily trading
     volume during the 52 weeks prior to entering into the merger agreement
     was 1,065,821 shares. The agreed-upon price of $36.1299 per share of
     Richton common stock was $7.1299 (24.6%) over the price at which Richton
     common stock closed on May 29, 2001, the last trading day before the
     merger agreement was signed and announced.

   The special committee considered a number of factors in its deliberations
concerning the proposed merger culminating in its decision to recommend
approval of the proposed merger, including, but not limited to:

  .  information regarding historical market prices and other information
     with respect to the Richton common stock and Deere common stock, and the
     financial performance and condition, assets, liabilities and business
     operations of the two companies;

  .  the prospects of each of Richton and Deere and their projected future
     values and prospects as separate entities and on a combined basis;

  .  the oral presentation delivered by Gleacher & Co. to the special
     committee and the subsequent written opinion of Gleacher & Co. addressed
     to the special committee to the effect that, as of that date, based upon
     and subject to the various considerations set forth in the Gleacher &
     Co. opinion, the merger consideration was fair, from a financial point
     of view, to Richton's stockholders (other than Deere and its
     affiliates);

  .  a comparison of selected recent acquisition and merger transactions in
     the industry, as well as the trading performance of comparable companies
     in the industry;

  .  the expected tax and accounting treatment of the proposed merger;

  .  reports from management, financial advisors, consultants and legal
     advisors as to the results of their due diligence investigations of
     Deere;

  .  the viability and potential benefits of strategic alternatives to the
     proposed merger available to Richton;

  .  the risk that the benefits sought to be achieved in the proposed merger
     will not be achieved;

  .  the risks associated with Deere's expansion into a line of business
     relatively new (albeit related) to Deere with the acquisition of
     Richton;

  .  the risks associated with Deere's common stock price falling after the
     exchange ratio is fixed and the lack of control over the performance of
     Deere's stock, the performance of stock in the agricultural industry and
     the volatility in the stock market generally, in the future; and

  .  the other risks described above under "Risk Factors" on page 18.


   This discussion of information and factors considered by the special
committee is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to include the
material factors considered by the special committee. In view of the wide
variety of factors considered by the special committee, the special committee
did not find it practical to quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to
the specific factors considered. The special committee did not reach any
specific conclusion with respect to any one factor considered, but rather
conducted an overall analysis of these factors, including discussions with
management and legal and financial advisors. The special

committee did not believe the negative factors were sufficient to outweigh the
potential advantages of the merger. After taking into account all the factors,
the special committee unanimously agreed that the terms of the merger agreement
and the proposed merger were fair to, and in the best interests of, Richton and
its stockholders and that Richton should enter into the merger agreement.

Opinion of Richton's Financial Advisor

   The special committee of the board of directors of Richton engaged Gleacher
& Co. to act as the special committee's financial advisor in connection with
the proposed merger between Richton and Deere and related matters based upon
Gleacher & Co.'s qualifications, expertise and reputation. In connection with
this engagement, the special committee requested Gleacher & Co. to evaluate the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to
Richton stockholders (other than Deere and its affiliates). On May 22, 2001,
the special committee convened to review the proposed transaction with Deere
and the terms of the merger agreement. During this meeting, Gleacher & Co.
rendered its oral opinion, which, on May 29, 2001, was subsequently confirmed
in writing, that, as of that date, based upon and subject to the various
considerations set forth in the Gleacher & Co. opinion, the merger
consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to Richton stockholders
(other than Deere and its affiliates). Gleacher & Co. expressed no opinion as
to the prices at which Richton and Deere common stock will trade following
announcement of the execution of the merger agreement or upon consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   The full text of Gleacher & Co.'s opinion, which sets forth, among other
things, assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken, in connection with the delivery of this
opinion, is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement/prospectus. Richton
stockholders are urged to read the Gleacher & Co. opinion carefully and in its
entirety. The summary of the opinion of Gleacher & Co. set forth in this proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of such opinion.