The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Minntech Corp & Cantel Medical Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    In September 2000, Charles M. Diker, Chairman of Cantel, and James P.
Reilly, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cantel, requested a meeting
with William Hope, a director and then acting Chief Executive Officer of
Minntech, and Dr. Fred Shapiro, a co-founder and director of Minntech, to
discuss the possibility of a business relationship between the two companies.

    On September 11, Messrs. Diker and Reilly met with Messrs. Hope and Shapiro
in the Minneapolis area. At this meeting, the participants discussed generally
their respective company's businesses and potential strategic business
arrangements that might benefit both Cantel and Minntech, including a possible
business combination. The discussions remained at a general level, and there was
no discussion regarding the specific terms of a possible transaction.

    In conjunction with the initial discussions with Minntech, Cantel retained
Nexus Health Capital, LLC as its financial advisor and retained Fried, Frank,
Harris, Shriver & Jacobson as its legal counsel. Consultations with these
advisors continued throughout the merger discussions. Working with its advisors,
Cantel began in September to conduct a due diligence investigation of Minntech
using only publicly available materials and began an analysis of a possible
business combination.

    Between September 6 and September 19, Cantel purchased 103,000 shares of
Minntech common stock in open market transactions for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $725,000.

    On September 28, Messrs. Diker and Reilly, and Roy Malkin, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Cantel's MediVators subsidiary, and Messrs. Hope and
Shapiro met in the Minneapolis area and again discussed general issues
concerning a possible transaction. During this discussion, Messrs. Diker, Reilly
and Malkin indicated to Messrs. Hope and Shapiro that they were prepared to
consider a merger of the two companies, pursuant to which Minntech shareholders
would receive $10.00 per share, payable in cash and Cantel common stock.
Messrs. Hope and Shapiro indicated their view that a price per share of at least
$12.00 would have to be paid by Cantel in any transaction. They further
requested that Cantel submit a proposal with specific terms if it wished to
proceed with the idea of a combination of the companies.

    On September 29, Cantel submitted a non-binding written proposal summarizing
the basic structure and terms of a possible transaction between Cantel and
Minntech. The material terms of the proposal, based upon what Cantel stated was
its preliminary analysis of Minntech, were that each shareholder of Minntech
would receive, for each share of Minntech common stock, $6.00 in cash and a
fraction of a share of Cantel common stock with a value, at the time of fixing
the exchange ratio, of

$6.00. The proposal stated that the exchange ratio would be set at the time of
signing a definitive agreement. On September 29, the closing price of Minntech
common stock was $6.88. Cantel also stated that, upon execution by Minntech of
an agreement providing Cantel with a 45-day exclusivity period to negotiate a
definitive merger agreement, the due diligence process could proceed.

    On October 10, the board of directors of Minntech met to consider the Cantel
proposal and possible alternatives. Present at the meeting were officers of
Minntech, representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., and Minntech's
legal counsel, Faegre & Benson LLP. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed with
the board the proposal and possible alternatives to it and provided the board
with information concerning the market performance and operations of Cantel. The
board determined to engage U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray as its financial advisor
and instructed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to supply additional information to
the board at its next meeting to assist the board in determining whether to
pursue a business combination and, if so, the most desirable process for
proceeding.
Following discussions among Cantel's and Minntech's representatives, Cantel,
by letter dated October 16, confirmed its interest in pursuing a business
combination and proposed to increase the cash portion of the consideration to
Minntech shareholders to $6.60 per Minntech share, and to set the exchange ratio
for the stock portion of the consideration at .54 of a share of Cantel common
stock for each share of Minntech common stock. Based on the closing price of
Cantel common stock on October 16, the total value of the proposed consideration
for each Minntech share was $11.53. On October 16, the closing price of Minntech
common stock was $6.88. The letter also proposed structuring the transaction as
a cash-election merger with an adjustment to the cash and stock components if
necessary to retain tax-free treatment for Minntech shareholders of the stock
portion of the consideration. Cantel stated again that, if Minntech agreed to
execute an agreement providing Cantel with a 45-day exclusivity period to
negotiate a definitive merger agreement, Cantel and Minntech could proceed with
a reciprocal due diligence process.
The board of Minntech met on October 17. Also present at the meeting were
officers of Minntech and representatives of Faegre & Benson and U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray. After the board reviewed financial information concerning
Minntech with its officers, Faegre & Benson discussed the fiduciary duties of
the directors in determining whether to pursue a possible business combination
or sale. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray then discussed with the board Cantel's
latest proposal, supplied the board with further information concerning Cantel
and its stock, provided an analysis of Minntech, and described potential
alternatives to Cantel's proposal and various processes for exploring those
alternatives. After discussion, the board authorized U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
to establish a process for pursuing discussions with a number of potential
purchasers, including Cantel. After the board meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray informed Nexus Health Capital that Minntech would not agree to an
exclusivity period for negotiations with Cantel, and that U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray would be establishing a process for pursuing potential purchasers,
including Cantel.

    On October 24, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray notified Cantel that Minntech
would consider the sale of the company only through a formal auction process. As
a result, on October 25, Cantel withdrew its proposal.

    In October and November, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Minntech prepared a
descriptive memorandum to be provided to potential acquirors, including both
strategic buyers that were in the medical device industry or that were likely to
be interested in entering the medical device industry and financial buyers that
would likely regard Minntech as an attractive investment. At Minntech's
direction, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray contacted 23 potential acquirors to
ascertain their level of interest in pursuing a transaction. Sixteen of the
contacted parties, including Cantel, expressed sufficient interest to be
provided with copies of the descriptive memorandum. Fourteen of the sixteen,
including Cantel, entered into confidentiality agreements, and the remaining two
received a redacted memorandum. Under the process established by U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray, six of the potential acquirors, including

Cantel, submitted written expressions of interest in late November. The other
ten potential acquirors did not submit expressions of interest.

    The material terms of the non-binding preliminary indication of interest
submitted by Cantel, on November 28, were that Cantel would provide, subject to
Cantel board approval, completion of due diligence and the negotiation of a
satisfactory definitive agreement, that each shareholder of Minntech would
receive, for each share of Minntech common stock, $6.70 in cash and 0.59 of a
share of Cantel common stock. Based on the closing price of Cantel common stock
on November 28, the value of the cash and Cantel stock proposed to be exchanged
for each share of Minntech common stock would have had a value of $11.50.
Minntech's closing stock price on November 28 was $6.31. The indication of
interest also provided for a cash-election feature, which would have permitted
Minntech shareholders to elect to receive a larger or smaller portion of their
payment in cash so long as approximately 60% of the total payments to Minntech
shareholders was in cash. The proposal also stated that financing for the cash
portion of the consideration was expected to be provided by Summit Bancorp (now
Fleet Bank, N.A.), that Cantel intended to continue the operations of Minntech
in the Minneapolis area, and that up to two seats on the Cantel board of
directors would be offered to designees of Minntech.
Minntech's board of directors met on November 29 to review with U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray the expressions of interest that had been submitted. Minntech's
board authorized U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to invite the five potential
acquirors that indicated interest at the highest valuations, including Cantel,
to participate in a due diligence review of Minntech. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
was authorized to invite the sixth potential acquiror that had expressed an
interest to perform due diligence if that corporation would increase its
valuation range to the range of the other five potential acquirors, but the
sixth party determined not to do so. Minntech's closing stock price on
November 29 was $6.50.

    During December 2000 and January 2001, each of the five potential acquirors
that were invited to participate in the due diligence review, including Cantel,
met separately with Minntech's management and reviewed confidential due
diligence materials in Minneapolis, Minnesota. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
requested that each of the five potential acquirors submit a final acquisition
proposal following those meetings and include in the proposal their comments on
a draft acquisition agreement provided by Faegre & Benson. On December 18,
Cantel retained DrKW to assist with the due diligence review of Minntech and to
provide an opinion with respect to the fairness, from a financial point of view,
to Cantel of any transaction that might take place between Cantel and Minntech.
In addition, in January, Minntech entered into a confidentiality agreement with
respect to Cantel information and began a due diligence investigation of Cantel.

    On January 29, 2001, the deadline imposed by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and
Minntech for submitting final acquisition proposals, only one of the potential
acquirors, Cantel, submitted a proposal.

    The material terms of Cantel's proposal were that Cantel would provide that
each shareholder of Minntech would receive, for each share of Minntech common
stock, $6.10 in cash and 0.38681 of a share of Cantel common stock. The revised
proposal was otherwise substantially similar to the November 28 proposal. Based
on the closing price of Cantel common stock on January 29, which had increased
after the dates of its previous proposals, the proposal represented a value of
$10.65 for each Minntech share. Minntech's closing stock price on January 29 was
$7.38.

    Throughout the process, senior management of both companies had numerous
discussions regarding various business, financial, operational and technical
issues involved in combining the companies. Also throughout the process, both
boards of directors met and were updated by their senior management with respect
to the status of negotiations and due diligence.

    On January 31, the board of directors of Minntech met. In attendance were
Piper Jaffray. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray summarized the process, including the
parties that had been contacted, that had expressed initial interest, that had
submitted written expressions of interest, and that had conducted due diligence.
U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray then analyzed the Cantel proposal, the financing that
would be needed by Cantel to complete the merger, and the operations and
financial condition of Cantel. Faegre & Benson reviewed the fiduciary duties of
the directors in deciding whether to proceed in negotiations with Cantel and
discussed Cantel's proposed revisions to the draft acquisition agreement
provided to Cantel. The officers of Minntech then left the meeting and the
outside directors of Minntech reviewed Minntech's current operations and future
prospects and the Cantel proposal. The outside directors then invited R. James
Danehy, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Minntech, into the meeting to
express his views regarding the proposal. The board determined to authorize U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray to attempt to negotiate with Cantel a higher acquisition
price. The board also requested that U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray attempt to
negotiate a collar provision with respect to the Cantel stock to protect
Minntech shareholders against the risk of the market price of Cantel's stock
dropping substantially before completion of the merger. The board also
instructed its counsel to negotiate the major unresolved issues in the
acquisition agreement, subject to review by the board of directors at its next
meeting. Minntech's closing stock price on January 31 was $7.73.
Following the January 31 board meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Nexus
Health Capital conducted further price negotiations. Initially, Nexus Health
Capital stated that Cantel would not agree to more than a nominal increase in
its January 29 proposal. At a telephonic meeting of the board of directors of
Minntech on February 7, the board instructed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to
continue to seek a higher per-share price. Following further negotiations
between the financial advisors, Cantel proposed, in a letter dated February 12,
that Cantel would increase the per share cash consideration from $6.10 to $6.25
but would reduce the per-share stock consideration to .38462 shares of Cantel
stock. However, because Cantel's market price had increased between January 29
and February 12 from $11.75 to $13.00, the value of the Cantel stock proposed to
be exchanged for each share of Minntech's stock, based on Cantel's closing stock
price on February 12, increased from $4.55 to $5.00 and the total cash and stock
consideration under Cantel's February 12 proposal increased from $10.65 to
$11.25. Minntech's closing price on February 12 was $7.48. Cantel would not,
however, agree to Minntech's request for a collar provision with respect the
number of Cantel shares to be issued.