The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between United Investors Realty Trust & Equity One Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         Since the UIRT initial public offering, or IPO, in March 1998 through
approximately the third quarter of 1999, UIRT's primary business strategy was to
maximize shareholder value by acquiring and operating neighborhood shopping
centers in the "Sunbelt" region of the United States. UIRT used proceeds from
its IPO, along with borrowings under its revolving line of credit and fixed rate
mortgage debt, to invest approximately $140 million in the acquisition of
shopping centers.

         Soon after the UIRT IPO, market prices for shares in publicly traded
REITs experienced significant declines. Members of the UIRT board of trust
managers, along with many equity analysts and other REIT experts, believed these
declines to be temporary because the shares of many REITs, including UIRT's
shares, were trading at prices significantly below the net value of their
underlying assets. Accordingly, during most of 1999, UIRT continued to focus on
acquiring shopping centers to generate funds from operations.
During the fourth quarter of 1999, however, the UIRT board concluded
that the decline in REIT share prices might persist, that affordable equity
capital would not likely be available to UIRT in the foreseeable future and that
UIRT's use of debt capital would be limited by market constraints on corporate
leverage. The board began considering alternative strategies to maximize
shareholder value. These alternatives included soliciting private equity
investments, seeking joint venture arrangements, development of new, higher
yielding shopping centers, repurchase of UIRT shares and sales of existing
properties.

         From October 1999 through early January 2000, UIRT repurchased
approximately 475,000 UIRT common shares. These repurchases were part of the
board's strategy to maximize shareholder value through recycling UIRT capital,
primarily by selling selected assets and investing the sale proceeds in higher
yielding assets, including UIRT common shares. In addition, as part of this
strategy, in late 1999 the board directed UIRT management to identify properties
for sale that might no longer have the investment characteristics sought by
UIRT.

         The UIRT board also considered the possibility of accessing private
equity capital. During December 1999 and January 2000, UIRT provided
confidential information to and had discussions with a private investment group
about that group's possible investment in UIRT. The investment group already
owned shares of UIRT but elected not to pursue such an additional investment. In
January 2000, however, the investment group indicated to UIRT that its
principals would be willing to discuss providing capital for a transaction that
would result in privatizing UIRT. Based on numerous discussions between
management and principals of the investment group, the UIRT board concluded that
the proposed equity capital would be dilutive in the long and short term to the
existing shareholders of UIRT.
At a regularly scheduled meeting of the board on March 2, 2000
management presented to the board a series of analyses. These analyses indicated
that, in order to continue payment of a $0.215 quarterly dividend and to meet
the capital requirements for tenant improvements, leasing commissions, property
maintenance and construction commitments, UIRT would be required to sell
properties and increase debt levels. In addition, management estimated that the
aggregate net asset value per share was significantly higher than the market
value of the UIRT shares at that time. At this meeting, the board approved the
sale, conditioned on obtaining acceptable prices, of five properties previously
identified by management as being appropriate for sale.

         In March 2000, UIRT provided confidential information to a private real
estate company that had indicated an interest in exploring investment
opportunities with UIRT. UIRT had a series of discussions with this real estate
company. Management reported to the board periodically in April and May the
substance of these discussions.

         On April 14, 2000, UIRT received a proposal from the investment group
mentioned above indicating that it was willing to acquire all of the outstanding
UIRT shares for a price of $6.50 per share. UIRT engaged the real estate
consulting group of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, or PWC, to assist the board in
evaluating the offer. Based on management's estimates of property values and
PWC's report, the board considered the investment group's offering price to be
inadequate and publicly announced that it had declined to pursue the offer.
At the regularly scheduled May 16, 2000 meeting of the UIRT board,
management again presented financial analyses to the board confirming that
property sales and additional borrowing would be necessary to fund UIRT's
capital requirements and a quarterly dividend of $0.215. The management
presentations stated that unless a substantial number of shares could be
repurchased promptly upon receipt of sale or financing proceeds, the capital
recycling strategy as then implemented would decrease net asset value per share.
Management also reported that the UIRT credit line lender intended to assert its
right under the credit agreement to prohibit UIRT from repurchasing shares.

         Also at the May 16, 2000 meeting, two investment banking firms made
separate presentations to the board concerning the process that the board might
consider to maximize shareholder value. The board elected not to engage a
financial advisor at that time and authorized management to continue its efforts
to sell the previously identified properties at acceptable prices.

         On May 25, 2000, UIRT received a proposal from the private real estate
company to create a joint venture that would acquire 22 of the UIRT properties
for approximately $5.65 per share and a preferred interest in the joint venture.
The real estate company asserted that the preferred joint venture interest had a
value of approximately $1.35 per share. After consideration of the offer, the
UIRT board elected not to pursue it because of its complexity, the illiquidity
of the retained joint venture interest and the uncertainty of the joint venture
interest value and because the price was inadequate.
Pursuant to the UIRT's board's capital recycling strategy to maximize
shareholder value, UIRT sold one property in late May 2000, and in June 2000
UIRT signed a letter of intent to sell another property to the investment group,
partially in return for the UIRT shares the investment group still owned. The
UIRT credit line lender had approved the terms of this transaction to allow UIRT
to reacquire the shares. Prior to the closing of this sale, Southwest
Securities, Inc. filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit seeking to enjoin the
sale. At an injunction hearing on August 28, 2000, the Dallas County court
denied Southwest's plea for injunction, and UIRT closed the sale on September
30, 2000. The lawsuit was amended in September, generally adding allegations of
mismanagement and self-dealing against UIRT, its board of trust managers and FCA
Corp.

         Southwest Securities was also a member of a group of UIRT institutional
shareholders that had announced in a filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission that it was dissatisfied with the performance of UIRT's share price
and with the performance and activities of management and the board. In this
filing, the shareholder group also noted that it was considering various
alternatives to increase shareholder value, including attempts to replace
management and the board of trust managers.
On September 8, 2000, management updated the board concerning the
availability of resources for capital requirements, including the previously
declared October 21 dividend. During a telephonic board meeting on September 11,
the board discussed alternatives for meeting short-term capital requirements and
instructed management to pursue the sale of an undivided interest in one of the
UIRT properties to an unrelated buyer. At a regularly scheduled meeting of the
board on October 4, the board approved the terms of the sale of the undivided
interest, and that sale closed in October 2000. Also at this meeting, UIRT's
president, Robert M. Scharar, reported to the board the substance of informal
discussions he had recently had with representatives of several investment
banking firms. Mr. Scharar relayed to the board that these firms reported that
other publicly traded REITs were also exploring strategic alternatives, some for
many of the same reasons as UIRT.

         At a meeting of the UIRT board on October 17, 2000, management again
updated the board regarding the projected availability of resources with which
to satisfy UIRT's capital requirements and a quarterly dividend of $0.215. The
board decided to reevaluate its capital recycling strategies, including its
dividend policy, and to consider additional strategies for maximizing
shareholder value. The board generally agreed at this meeting to commence the
process of engaging a financial advisor.
Also at the October 17 meeting, Mr. Scharar reported to the board the
substance of recent discussions he had with Chaim Katzman, the chairman and
chief executive officer of Equity One. In a public filing with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, an affiliate of Equity One, M.G.N. (USA), Inc., had
reported its acquisition of approximately 5% of UIRT's outstanding shares. Mr.
Scharar reported to the UIRT board that Mr. Katzman had expressed interest in
evaluating UIRT for possible additional investments, but at that time did not
intend to attempt to acquire control of UIRT. Based on Mr. Scharar's report, and
with the advice of UIRT's corporate counsel, Andrews & Kurth L.L.P., the board
authorized management to negotiate a confidentiality and standstill agreement
with M.G.N. (USA). M.G.N. (USA) executed such an agreement with UIRT on October
31, although M.G.N. (USA) did not at that time request that UIRT provide any
confidential information. On November 30, 2000, UIRT agreed to waive the
restrictions on purchases of UIRT common shares by M.G.N. (USA) for a period of
three weeks for up to 218,266 additional UIRT common shares.

         A meeting of the UIRT board was held on December 27, 2000, at which
time representatives of First Union and another investment banking firm made
proposals to the board. The board authorized management to negotiate an advisory
contract with First Union to study and report on available alternatives to
maximize shareholder value and to advise the board on an appropriate dividend
policy.

         At a January 12, 2001 meeting of the board, representatives from
Andrews & Kurth and First Union described the advantages to the UIRT
shareholders of implementing a shareholder rights plan. In general, because the
UIRT shares were trading at prices UIRT believed were substantially below the
net value of the UIRT assets, the UIRT board believed there was a risk that an
outsider could acquire control of UIRT without paying the UIRT shareholders a
fair price. The UIRT board met again on January 17 and 18, 2001 to further
discuss the plan. After careful consideration of the relative advantages and
disadvantages of such a plan, and after review of documents prepared by Andrews
& Kurth, at a meeting on January 25, 2001, the UIRT board elected to implement a
shareholder rights plan.

         Also at the January 17 and 18 meeting, First Union presented its report
on the UIRT dividend policies. First Union's report confirmed the findings
included in the previous reports to the board by management regarding the
limited resources available to pay a quarterly dividend of $0.215. Based on
First Union's report and information reported by management, the board elected
to reduce the UIRT quarterly dividend to $0.13 per share.
First Union next reported to the UIRT board on February 8, 2001. At
this board meeting, First Union described a range of possible strategic
alternatives available to maximize shareholder value. These possibilities
included continuing to operate UIRT for the long term with the reduced dividend,
accelerating the capital recycling process, accessing joint venture capital,
selling UIRT to publicly traded or private companies, selling UIRT to a
management led group and liquidating the UIRT assets in an orderly process.
First Union expressed its opinion that the most likely alternative to result in
maximum shareholder value was a sale of UIRT or substantially all of its assets.
After discussing in detail the relative advantages and disadvantages of each
alternative, the board agreed that the most likely alternative to result in

         Accordingly, the board directed First Union to begin exploring the sale
of UIRT or substantially all of its assets. First Union, using information
provided by management, immediately began the preparation of a detailed
confidential offering memorandum containing property-by-property information,
which would be distributed to potential acquirors on a confidential basis, in
order to assess the market interest in a strategic transaction with UIRT.
In late January, Mr. Katzman and Mr. Scharar resumed communications and
UIRT delivered to Equity One confidential information about properties and
operations of UIRT. Equity One's affiliate, M.G.N. (USA), also reported that it
had increased its ownership of UIRT's common shares to approximately 9.8%. One
of the principals of the investment group mentioned above had also maintained
contact with management, and expressed his interest in receiving updated
confidential information in order to evaluate a potential offer for UIRT. Two
other parties who had prior contact with management also contacted UIRT to
express their interest in making offers. First Union advised the board that
these four parties were the most interested parties and therefore most likely to
offer a premium price in the sale process. While management and First Union
continued to prepare the confidential offering document for possible broader
dissemination to other interested parties, the UIRT board authorized

management and First Union to provide preliminary information to these four
parties and obtain indications of interest from them.

         The UIRT board met on five occasions between March 12 and March 27 in
order for First Union to provide progress reports on the negotiations with the
four parties and completion of the confidential offering document. During these
meetings, the board considered, in light of the status of the negotiations with
the four parties, whether and when to disseminate the confidential offering
document to additional prospective purchasers. In addition, during the meeting
held on March 27, members of the board discussed in detail First Union's
estimates of future net operating income, individual asset valuations and the
per share net asset value of UIRT.
Between March 16 and March 21, 2001, the four parties to whom UIRT had
provided confidential information presented proposals stating the prices and key
terms pursuant to which they would be willing to pursue negotiations to acquire
UIRT. One of the proposals was an oral indication of interest in a potential
transaction. These preliminary proposals were evaluated by management and First
Union and ranged in value from approximately $5.25 to $6.25 per share. Equity
One offered .572 shares of Equity One stock for each share of UIRT; on the day
UIRT received Equity One's offer, Equity One's common stock closed at $10.08 per
share. The investment group's offer was for $6.25 in cash for each common share
of UIRT. All of the offers included significant conditions and were subject to
negotiation of definitive agreements. The board considered each of these offers
and believed they were inadequate.

         As a result of the preliminary prices indicated and terms proposed by
the four parties and the board's assessment of UIRT's per share net asset value,
the board directed First Union to distribute the confidential offering document
to other qualified recipients who had signed an appropriate confidentiality
agreement. First Union distributed copies to approximately 30 prospective
purchasers. Recipients were instructed to forward proposed term sheets for the
acquisition of all outstanding shares, or all of UIRT's assets, or one of two
portfolios (Florida and Tennessee properties and Texas and Arizona properties)
by April 20, 2001.
On April 2, 2001, Southwest Securities initiated a proxy contest for
control of the UIRT board of trust managers. Members of the UIRT board
considered whether the possibility of a change in control of UIRT would affect
the willingness of prospective purchasers to invest the considerable resources
necessary to perform appropriate diligence. On April 6, 2001, Mr. Scharar and
Mr. Barfield, one of UIRT's independent trust managers, met with the president
of Southwest Securities to discuss possible settlement of the shareholder
derivative lawsuit filed in August 2000. Based on those discussions, the UIRT
board concluded that, although the Southwest Securities shareholder litigation
would need to be resolved in order to facilitate the process of attracting
prospective purchasers, the terms under which the litigation could then be
settled were not in the best interests of UIRT shareholders.