The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER

     In early 2000, Guest Supply's management concluded that a combination of
Guest Supply with another large company in a complementary industry was likely
to result in the greatest value for Guest Supply shareholders as compared to
leaving Guest Supply as a stand-alone company. Guest Supply's management reached
this conclusion based on a number of factors including that Guest Supply, as a
stand-alone microcap company, had no meaningful research coverage by securities
analysts, provided limited liquidity to its shareholders due to the lack of
trading volume in Guest Supply common stock and, like many microcap companies,
was experiencing, over time, a decline in the earnings multiple at which the
Guest Supply common stock traded despite improved earnings performance for Guest
Supply. The prospect of a combination with a larger company in a complementary
industry appeared to offer the prospect of maximizing value and liquidity for
Guest Supply's shareholders. While Guest Supply's management considered other
options such as combining with a company of comparable size, commencing a
broad-based share repurchase plan, effecting a divestiture of assets, pursuing
acquisitions with a view to creating greater size and scale for Guest Supply, or
undertaking a management-led leveraged buy-out with a financial partner, Guest
Supply's management and board of directors concluded that combining with a
larger company in a complementary industry would create the greatest value and
liquidity for shareholders.

      Following preliminary discussions with prospective financial advisors, on
June 19, 2000, Guest Supply engaged an investment banking firm, U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray, to act as Guest Supply's financial advisor in connection with a
possible sale of Guest Supply or its assets. As part of their services to Guest
Supply, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed with Guest Supply's management the
alternatives considered by management in early 2000.
Guest Supply's management and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray then identified a
number of third parties who might have an interest in combining with Guest
Supply.

     Commencing in July 2000, representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
contacted 24 potential strategic acquirors and three potential financial
acquirors in an effort to ascertain, on a preliminary basis, their level of
interest in combining with Guest Supply. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray then sent
public investor packages to 11 potential acquirors who initially expressed
interest in a combination with Guest Supply.

     Representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray arranged introductory
meetings between representatives of Guest Supply and five potential acquirors,
including SYSCO.

     On July 6 and July 21, 2000, Daniel Donoghue, a managing director of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray, telephoned John Stubblefield, Executive Vice President,
Finance and Administration, of SYSCO soliciting SYSCO's interest in pursuing a
potential transaction with Guest Supply.

     On July 27, 2000, Messrs. Stubblefield and Donoghue discussed the merits of
a combination of SYSCO and Guest Supply. Mr. Donoghue also answered preliminary
questions posed by Mr. Stubblefield concerning Guest Supply's operations and
business prospects. Mr. Donoghue then provided Mr. Stubblefield with Guest
Supply's public investor package. Messrs. Stubblefield and Donoghue engaged in
occasional preliminary discussions about a possible combination between July
2000 and September 2000.

     On September 19, 2000, SYSCO executed a confidentiality agreement with
Guest Supply in preparation for a meeting with Guest Supply's senior management
team.

     On September 21, 2000, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray hosted an introductory
meeting in Chicago between Guest Supply and SYSCO. Senior representatives from
both companies attended this meeting, including Richard Schnieders, President
and Chief Operating Officer, and Mr. Stubblefield of SYSCO, as well as Clifford
W. Stanley, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Paul T. Xenis, Chief
Financial Officer of Guest Supply. Messrs. Stanley and Xenis made a slide
presentation discussing Guest Supply's business, customers, industry and
historical financial performance. After this presentation, Messrs. Stanley and
Xenis answered questions and provided a broad overview as to how a potential
combination might improve both Guest Supply's and SYSCO's future prospects.

     From June until September 2000, Guest Supply, with the assistance of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray, had extensive discussions with BFMA Holding Corporation
("BFMA") based upon BFMA's then-stated intention to offer $24.00 per share for
Guest Supply's common stock. After over three months of discussions, Guest
Supply terminated negotiations based in part on concerns over BFMA's ability to
finance the transaction. In November 2000, BFMA commenced a solicitation of
proxies for the election at the 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Guest
Supply of two Class C Directors nominated by BFMA. BFMA also announced that it
was prepared to offer $21.00 per share for Guest Supply's common stock. On
January 23, 2001, following announcement of the execution of the merger
agreement, BFMA announced that it intended to withdraw its proxy solicitation.
On October 19, 2000, Mr. Stubblefield and Robert G. Culak, Vice President,
Financial Reporting & Compliance of SYSCO participated in a conference call with
Messrs. Stanley and Xenis of Guest Supply to answer due diligence questions.
SYSCO and Guest Supply also discussed the strategic and financial rationale for
a possible transaction. In response to this call, Guest Supply sent a package of
due diligence materials to SYSCO answering several questions raised on the
conference call.

     On October 27, 2000, Messrs. Stubblefield and Culak of SYSCO participated
in an additional conference call with Messrs. Stanley and Xenis of Guest Supply
to discuss the due diligence package previously sent as well as to answer
additional questions. Beginning on this date, and continuing until the merger
agreement was signed, representatives of SYSCO continued their due diligence
investigation of Guest Supply, including the exchange of information regarding
the business and operations of Guest Supply.

     On November 20, 2000, Mr. Donoghue and Jonathan Leiman, also of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray, telephoned Mr. Stubblefield to advise him of the BFMA
proxy solicitation. Later that day, Mr. Stubblefield telephoned Mr. Donoghue to
inform him that SYSCO intended to make an offer to acquire Guest Supply on
November 27, 2000.

     On November 21, 2000, Mr. Donoghue telephoned Mr. Stubblefield to inquire
as to whether he had any additional information requests and Mr. Stubblefield
advised Mr. Donoghue that SYSCO would make an offer for Guest Supply on November
29, 2000. On November 29, 2000, SYSCO sent a draft proposal to Guest Supply
indicating a willingness to acquire Guest Supply for $25.00 per share.

     On December 1, 2000, Mr. Donoghue telephoned Mr. Stubblefield to review the
value, timing and the structure of the transaction.

     On December 5, 2000, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray participated in a
conference call with the Guest Supply board of directors to discuss the proposed
offer.


     On December 7, 2000, SYSCO provided Guest Supply a written letter of intent
indicating its willingness to acquire Guest Supply for $25.00 per share. Guest
Supply did not execute this letter.

     On December 15, 2000, the Guest Supply board of directors authorized
management to enter into an exclusivity and termination fee agreement with
SYSCO. This agreement provided for an exclusive negotiating period through
January 20, 2001 whereby Guest Supply agreed not to solicit, initiate or
encourage any alternative proposals. The agreement further provided that if
Guest Supply violated this provision, accepted an alternative proposal, and
subsequently consummated an alternative transaction, Guest Supply would be
required to pay SYSCO a termination fee of $5.5 million.

     On December 18 and 19, 2000, representatives of SYSCO and SYSCO's counsel,
Arnall Golden Gregory LLP, conducted legal due diligence at the offices of
Torys, legal counsel to Guest Supply. Legal due diligence activities continued
through the execution of the merger agreement.

     On December 26, 2000, Charles H. Cotros, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of SYSCO, visited Guest Supply's Orlando, Florida distribution
center and met briefly with Mr. Xenis.

     On January 2, 2001, Messrs. Cotros, Schnieders and Stubblefield,
accompanied by Michael C. Nichols, Vice President and General Counsel of SYSCO,
visited Guest Supply's headquarters, distribution and manufacturing facilities
in New Jersey. On January 3, 2001, Messrs. Schnieders, Stubblefield and Nichols
visited Guest Supply's facilities in Cleveland, Ohio.

     On January 2, 2001, Thomas E. Lankford, Executive Vice President, Food
Service Operations and a Director of SYSCO, and Larry J. Accardi, Executive Vice
President, Merchandising Services & Multi-Unit Sales, visited Guest Supply's
facilities in Dallas, Texas. On January 3, 2001, they visited Guest Supply's
facilities in Los Angeles, California.

     From January 2, 2001 through January 5, 2001, Mr. Culak and representatives
of Arthur Andersen conducted a review of Guest Supply's financial records at
Guest Supply's headquarters in New Jersey.

     On January 15, 2001, members of senior management of SYSCO, members of
senior management of Guest Supply, including Mr. Stanley, Mr. Xenis and Thomas
M. Haythe, Guest Supply's General Counsel, and representatives of U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray participated in a telephone conference during which the SYSCO
representatives made a presentation about SYSCO's business, customers, industry,
and historical financial performance. After this presentation, the SYSCO
representatives responded to questions from the Guest Supply representatives.

     On January 16, 2001, SYSCO's board of directors met by telephone conference
call to review the terms and conditions of the proposed transaction with Guest
Supply. Eleven of the twelve members of SYSCO's board of directors were present
at the meeting. By unanimous vote of the directors present, the officers of
SYSCO were authorized to proceed with the offer and the merger.

     On January 18, 2001, Messrs. Donoghue and Stubblefield had a final
telephonic negotiation of the price and terms of the proposed offer during which
Mr. Stubblefield agreed to increase the price offered for the Guest Supply
common stock from $25.00 to $26.00 per share in SYSCO common stock.

     On January 19, 2001, Guest Supply's board of directors met to consider the
proposed transaction and merger agreement and related agreements. The meeting
was attended by all of the Guest Supply directors. At the meeting, Mr. Stanley,
representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, and Mr. Haythe addressed the
board of directors about the business, financial and legal implications,
respectively, of a merger between SYSCO and Guest Supply and the terms of the
proposed agreements. During that meeting, representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray informed the board that in the opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, as
of January 19, 2001 (subsequently updated on the date of the merger agreement),
the exchange ratio under the proposed agreement, the offer and merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to Guest Supply stockholders. After discussion,
Guest Supply's board of directors unanimously voted to approve the agreement and
the merger and unanimously resolved to recommend that Guest Supply stockholders
accept the offer and tender their shares of Guest Supply's common stock in the
offer. At the meeting, Guest Supply's board of directors approved an amendment
to its preferred stock rights plan in order to exempt the offer and merger from
the provisions of the rights plan.
On January 20, 2001, SYSCO and Guest Supply executed an extension of the
exclusivity agreement, extending the arrangement through January 22, 2001.

     On January 22, 2001, SYSCO's executive committee held a telephonic board
meeting with its legal advisors and management, and discussed the final terms
and conditions of the offer and the merger as set forth in the merger agreement
and related agreements. Six of the seven members of the committee were present
at the meeting. SYSCO's executive committee approved the merger agreement and
the related transactions, including the offer and the merger, by the unanimous
vote of the members of the committee present at the meeting.

     On January 22, 2001, the parties executed the merger agreement and related
documents. Immediately thereafter, SYSCO and Guest Supply issued a press release
announcing the proposed offer and merger.

                                   THE OFFER

BASIC TERMS

     Exchange Of Shares; Exchange Ratio.  We are offering to exchange shares of
our common stock based on an exchange ratio, as described below, for the
outstanding shares of Guest Supply common stock that are validly tendered and
not properly withdrawn. If the average of the closing prices per share of our
common stock on the NYSE for each of the 15 consecutive trading days ending on
the trading day that is five trading days prior to the expiration date of the
offer, as it may be extended from time to time, which we refer to as the SYSCO
average trading price, is:

     - at least $22.00 but less than or equal to $30.00, Guest Supply
       stockholders shall receive for each Guest Supply share a number of SYSCO
       shares equal to $26.00 divided by the SYSCO average trading price;

     - less than $22.00, Guest Supply stockholders shall receive for each Guest
       Supply share approximately 1.1818 SYSCO shares; or

     - more than $30.00, Guest Supply stockholders shall receive for each Guest
       Supply share approximately 0.8667 SYSCO shares.


     The SYSCO average trading price cannot be determined with certainty at this
time.

 ILLUSTRATIVE TABLE OF EXCHANGE RATIOS AND VALUE OF OFFER/MERGER CONSIDERATION

     The following table shows:

     - illustrative values of the exchange ratios that will result if the SYSCO
       average trading price is within a range of $19.00 to $33.00 per share,
       representing the number of shares of our common stock that will be issued
       for one share of Guest Supply common stock at each of the SYSCO average
       trading prices presented in the table; and

     - illustrative values of the approximate consideration that would be issued
       in connection with the offer and the merger for one Guest Supply common
       share, which illustrative values are determined by multiplying each of
       the SYSCO average trading prices presented in the table by the
       corresponding exchange ratio.

                                                              APPROXIMATE
                                                             CONSIDERATION
                                              APPROXIMATE      VALUE PER
               SYSCO AVERAGE                   EXCHANGE      GUEST SUPPLY
               TRADING PRICE                     RATIO          SHARE*
               -------------                  -----------    -------------
$19.00....................................    1.1818          $22.45
   20.00....................................    1.1818           23.64
   21.00....................................    1.1818           24.82
   22.00....................................    1.1818           26.00
   23.00....................................    1.1304           26.00
   24.00....................................    1.0833           26.00
   25.00....................................    1.0400           26.00
   26.00....................................    1.0000           26.00
   27.00....................................    0.9629           26.00
   28.00....................................    0.9285           26.00
   29.00....................................    0.8965           26.00
   30.00....................................    0.8667           26.00
   31.00....................................    0.8667           26.87
   32.00....................................    0.8667           27.73
   33.00....................................    0.8667           28.60

- ---------------

                 * See "Fluctuations in Market Price" below.

     The values of our common shares in the table above are illustrative only
and do not represent the actual amounts per Guest Supply common share that might
be realized by any Guest Supply stockholder on or after completion of the offer
or the merger. The amount any Guest Supply stockholder might realize upon sale
in the market of our common shares received in the offer or the merger will
depend upon the market price per share of our common shares at the time of sale,
which will fluctuate depending upon any number of reasons, including those
specific to us and those that influence the trading prices of equity securities
generally.