The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Belco Oil & Gas Corp & Westport Resources Cforp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     For the last several years, the exploration and production industry has
experienced rapid consolidation. During the last few years of this period,
management of Belco periodically evaluated participation in this consolidation
trend as a solution to strategic issues facing Belco, including its
concentration of equity ownership and highly leveraged capital structure. During
this same period, Westport considered various merger candidates in connection
with its growth strategy.

     In early January 2001, Barth E. Whitham, Westport's President and Chief
Operating Officer, called Grant W. Henderson, Belco's President and Chief
Operating Officer, to suggest a meeting. Mr. Henderson met with Mr. Whitham in
Dallas, Texas on January 17, 2001. At this meeting, Mr. Whitham expressed an
interest in a potential business combination between Westport and Belco. Mr.
Henderson and Mr. Whitham agreed to explore a possible business combination
further with executive management of their respective companies.
On January 29, 2001, Messrs. Whitham and Henderson met in San Diego,
California and further discussed the potential combination of Westport and
Belco.

     On February 8, 2001, Mr. Henderson met in Dallas, Texas with Donald D.
Wolf, Westport's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss the merits of
a potential business combination. The two executives agreed to proceed with a
more in-depth review of each other's properties and operations. In order to
facilitate such a review, Westport and Belco entered into a confidentiality
agreement dated February 9, 2001. Following execution of the confidentiality
agreement, the two parties began to share non-public information with each other
about their respective properties and operations. Subsequently, the companies
exchanged detailed financial information.

     On March 30, 2001, Mr. Henderson met with Messrs. Wolf and Whitham in
Denver, Colorado to discuss the parties' preliminary analyses of the exchanged
data. The parties also discussed the financial impact of the transaction on the
two companies and the potential synergies between the two companies' assets and
personnel.

     On April 17, 2001, Messrs. Wolf and Whitham met with Robert A. Belfer,
Belco's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Belfer,
Belco's Vice Chairman, and Mr. Henderson at Belco's offices in New York. The
primary purpose of this meeting was for executive management of the two
companies to become acquainted and to discuss, among other things, the strengths
and philosophies of the two companies.
On April 25, 2001, Mr. Henderson met in Dallas, Texas with Messrs. Wolf and
Whitham and Lon McCain, Westport's Chief Financial Officer. At the meeting, the
parties discussed the financial and tax implications of a business combination,
the contributions that each company would make to the combined company, the
attributes of each company's reserve base and the potential synergies between
the two companies. The parties also discussed personnel issues and the role of
Belco's Dallas office following any business combination. At this time, Mr. Wolf
relayed Westport's possible interest in submitting a proposal to Belco, subject
to completing additional due diligence. At the conclusion of the meeting, each
party agreed to meet with representatives of the other company's independent
reserve engineers in order to review reserve information in more detail. Such
meetings took place during the week of April 30, 2001. Belco representatives
also met in Houston with Westport's Gulf of Mexico asset team to discuss
Westport's capital program, prospect size, risk and other issues related to
Westport's offshore activities. On May 1, 2001, Westport retained Credit Suisse
First Boston as its financial advisor in connection with the proposed
transaction.

     On May 7, 2001, Westport submitted its preliminary indication of interest
in entering into a merger transaction in which Belco common stockholders would
receive between .4 and .5 shares of Westport common stock for each Belco share,
with the final exchange ratio to be fixed at the execution of a definitive
agreement. The indication of interest also contemplated a non-solicitation
covenant and

termination fee provision as well as Westport's receipt of voting agreements
from Belco's significant stockholders, including Robert A. Belfer.

     On May 9, 2001, following Belco's annual stockholders meeting, Belco held a
regularly scheduled board meeting. At the meeting, the board of directors
discussed in detail Belco's strategic position and alternatives, including the
prospects for a business combination, and was informed of Westport's proposal.
Management provided to the board of directors a description of Westport's
operations and the relative contribution that both companies would make to the
combined company. In addition to discussing Westport's proposal, including the
anticipation that Belco's designees would obtain two seats on the combined
company's board of directors, the directors also considered the prospects for
receiving any other offer on more favorable terms than Westport's offer. The
board of directors concluded that any resulting documentation with Westport
would need to permit Belco to accept a superior proposal if one were
subsequently received. Belco's board of directors was also advised that Westport
had approached Mr. Henderson about joining the combined company's management
team after completion of the proposed combination. After discussing Westport's
proposal, the board of directors determined that management should proceed with
discussions with Westport regarding a possible business combination and should
attempt to obtain a more favorable exchange ratio. The board of directors also
directed management to retain a financial advisor to advise Belco in the
transaction and for the purpose of rendering an opinion with respect to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to holders of Belco common stock of
any exchange ratio to which the parties might ultimately agree. On May 18, 2001,
Belco retained Petrie Parkman & Co. as its financial advisor in connection with
the proposed transaction.
On May 15, 2001, Mr. Henderson contacted Mr. Wolf and proposed a fixed
exchange ratio of .45 shares of Westport common stock for each share of Belco
common stock. On May 18, 2001, Westport held a regularly scheduled board of
directors meeting at which the potential combination of Westport and Belco was
discussed. Management presented to the board a review of Belco's reserves,
operations, pro forma financials, potential ownership, exchange ratios and
contribution analysis. Following discussion of the transaction the board
directed management to focus on determining the capital requirements needed to
successfully exploit the assets of the combined company, and emphasized the
importance of focusing on the makeup of the combined company's asset portfolio.
Credit Suisse First Boston subsequently led a discussion concerning valuation,
market perception and potential deal structure. The board directed management to
proceed with negotiations regarding the potential combination with Belco.
Following the Westport board meeting, Mr. Wolf proposed to Mr. Henderson two
alternative pricing formulas for the proposed transaction. The first pricing
formula proposed a fixed exchange ratio of .4 shares of Westport common stock
for each outstanding share of Belco common stock. Under the second pricing
formula, the fixed exchange ratio would be set at the execution of a definitive
merger agreement based on the average closing sale price for Westport common
shares for the 15 trading days prior to the execution of the definitive merger
agreement. The ultimate exchange ratio under the second formula would also be
subject to a collar ranging from .375 to .425.

     During the course of negotiations between Westport and Belco from May 18
through May 21, 2001, the parties actively negotiated the exchange ratio and
other issues. Westport's final proposal was .4125, which the Belco
representatives took under advisement pending the completion of due diligence
and the resolution of the other open issues.

     On May 22, 2001, the Belco board of directors held, with a representative
of Petrie Parkman in attendance, a meeting at which it was apprised of the
recent developments concerning the exchange ratio and the status of the
transaction. The board directed management to continue the negotiations and
agreed to reconvene to make its final determination when the final terms had
been negotiated and when Petrie Parkman was prepared to present its detailed
analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Belco exchange
ratio, taking into account the Westport exchange ratio, to holders of Belco
common stock.

     On May 23, 2001, legal counsel for Westport delivered an initial draft of a
proposed merger agreement for the merger of Westport and Belco. The structure
ultimately agreed to by the parties provided for the merger of Westport with and
into Belco in order to qualify the transaction as a tax-free

reorganization with Belco being renamed "Westport Resources Corporation" ("New
Westport"). Under the proposed structure, each outstanding share of Westport
common stock would become one share of New Westport common stock and each
outstanding share of Belco common stock would become .4125 of a share of New
Westport. Each share of Belco convertible preferred stock outstanding would
remain outstanding and, after the merger, would become convertible into .465795
of a share of New Westport. From May 23, 2001 to May 31, 2001, the parties
actively negotiated the terms of the merger agreement and the related documents.
These negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, including, among
other things, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the
restrictions on the conduct of the parties' businesses, the conditions to
completion of the proposed merger, the provision regarding termination, the
details of the non-solicitation clause, the amount, triggers and payment of the
termination fees, the consequences of termination and the delivery and terms of
the voting agreements and the amended and restated shareholders agreement.

     On May 24, 2001 and May 25, 2001, the financial advisors of both parties
met in Denver, Colorado to perform diligence on both Belco and Westport.

     On May 31, 2001, Belco held a board meeting to update the directors on the
status of the negotiations with Westport. The Belco board of directors received
a presentation from Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., legal counsel for Belco, with
respect to the material terms of the merger agreement, the voting agreements and
a proposed retention and severance plan for Belco employees. Woodburn and Wedge,
Nevada counsel to Belco, advised the Belco directors of their fiduciary duties
under Nevada law. Representatives of Petrie Parkman presented its financial
analysis of the Belco exchange ratio, taking into account the Westport exchange
ratio. The board of directors authorized the implementation of an employee
retention and severance plan and directed management to revise the proposed plan
to provide Belco employees with protection against the possibility of
termination immediately after the expiration of the proposed severance period.
The Belco board of directors also directed management to continue the
negotiation of the provisions that would permit the Belco board of directors to
terminate the merger agreement in order to comply with their fiduciary duties.
The board of directors also nominated Robert A. Belfer and Laurence D. Belfer to
serve as the Belco designees to New Westport's board of directors.
On June 1, 2001, Westport held a board meeting to provide the board with an
update on the negotiations between Belco and Westport. Management and Akin,
Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld, L.L.P., Westport's legal counsel, discussed the
structure of the transaction, the status of the outstanding Belco convertible
preferred stock, the change of control provisions of Belco's senior subordinated
debt, the refinancing of Belco's existing bank debt and the status of the merger
agreement. Credit Suisse First Boston discussed the perception of the
transaction from an analyst's perspective (specifically the accretiveness of the
transaction and the strategic considerations), valuation issues and other
financing alternatives. Credit Suisse First Boston further reviewed the proposed
exchange ratio and the contribution analysis. The board requested additional
analysis to separate the impact of the economic value of the transaction from
the financing effects. The board directed management to continue negotiations
with Belco.
From May 30 to June 1, 2001, the parties continued to conduct their
respective due diligence reviews. From May 31 through June 8, 2001, the
respective working groups of Westport and Belco continued negotiation of the
merger agreement and related documents. During this period, the parties agreed
to revise Belco's proposed retention and severance plan to shorten the retention
period and lengthen the severance coverage period. The parties also revised the
termination provisions of the merger agreement to provide that the Belco board
of directors would have the ability to consider unsolicited offers, negotiate
with and provide information to the maker of any such offers if the board of
directors believed that such offers may reasonably be expected to result in a
"superior proposal" and, if the board of directors in fact deemed an offer to be
"superior" to Westport's offer following any such negotiations, Belco would have
the right to terminate the merger agreement provided that Belco gave Westport
notice of the superior offer and a three business day period to match the
superior offer.
On June 7, 2001, Belco held a board meeting to inform the directors of the
status of the negotiations with Westport. Belco management presented its views
of the proposed transaction. Belco's legal counsel summarized its due diligence
review and presented a summary of the terms of the merger agreement, including a
discussion of the termination provisions that had been further negotiated by the
parties since the May 31, 2001 Belco board meeting. Mr. Henderson summarized the
results of the business due diligence review. Representatives of Petrie Parkman
presented its financial and valuation analysis and, after summarizing its
analysis, presented its oral opinion (which was subsequently confirmed in
writing) to the Belco board of directors to the effect that, as of June 7, 2001,
the Belco exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the Belco
common stockholders, taking into account the Westport exchange ratio. Mr.
Henderson informed the board of directors that he had received, and was
considering, an offer to join the management of New Westport after completion of
the merger and described the financial terms of the offer. Following additional
deliberation and discussion of the transaction, the Belco board of directors
unanimously approved the terms of the merger, the merger agreement, the voting
agreements, the amended and restated shareholders agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby and agreed to recommend the merger to the stockholders of
On June 8, 2001, Westport held a board meeting to inform the directors of
the status of the negotiations with Belco. Management presented its views of the
proposed transaction. Westport's legal counsel summarized the due diligence
process and status of the merger agreement, voting agreements and shareholders
agreement. Credit Suisse First Boston presented its financial and valuation
analysis and its oral opinion to the board that the exchange ratio was, as of
the date of the meeting, fair from a financial point of view to Westport.
Following additional discussion and deliberation, the Westport directors
unanimously approved the merger agreement, the voting agreements and the
shareholders agreement and the transactions contemplated by such agreements, and
agreed to recommend that Westport's stockholders approve the merger and adopt
the merger agreement.

     Subsequent to the meeting of the Belco board of directors, legal counsel
for Belco and Westport finalized the merger agreement and the related documents,
and late in the evening on June 8, 2001, Belco and Westport entered into the
merger agreement. Simultaneously, Belco, Westport and each of the parties to the
voting agreements and the amended and restated shareholders agreement executed
those documents. Belco and Westport announced the transaction on June 9, 2001.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Belco

     By the unanimous vote at a meeting held on June 7, 2001, the Belco board of
directors determined the merger to be advisable and in the best interests of
Belco and its stockholders and approved the merger and the merger agreement. In
reaching its decision to declare the merger advisable and approve the merger and
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Belco board
of directors consulted with Belco's legal and financial advisors, as well as
with Belco's management. The Belco board of directors considered a number of
material factors, including: