The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Remedy Corp & Peregrine Systems Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    Peregrine is a leading global provider of infrastructure resource management
applications, employee relationship management (or self-service) solutions and
e-commerce technologies and services. These products, services, and enabling
technologies permit businesses to eliminate points of friction in the cost of
doing business.

    Remedy is a leading provider of information technology service management
and customer relationship management solutions. Remedy's products provide a
highly adaptable foundation for companies that require infrastructure support
for management of corporate assets, service-intensive business processes, and
customer acquisition and retention. Because Remedy's solutions can be readily
deployed at low cost and adapted to changing business requirements without
costly programming, Remedy has been particularly successful in selling its
products to small and medium-sized businesses.

    In the latter part of 1999, Stephen P. Gardner, Peregrine's president and
chief executive officer, and Lawrence L. Garlick, the chairman of Remedy's board
of directors and Remedy's chief executive officer, first exchanged telephone
calls to discuss the possibility of a strategic relationship between the two
companies. In December 1999, Mr. Gardner met with Mr. Garlick, Ron J. Fior,
Remedy's vice president of finance and operations and chief financial officer,
and other representatives of Remedy to continue the general discussion of this
topic. The meeting did not result in any conclusions with respect to a strategic
relationship or result in any resolutions to take any for future steps toward a
strategic relationship.
In the fall of 2000, Remedy sought the advice of Morgan Stanley regarding
strategic alternatives. In October and November of that year, Morgan Stanley met
with management and the board of directors to assess Remedy's strategic
alternatives and discuss possible partners, including Peregrine. Over the next
several months, Morgan Stanley, on behalf of Remedy, had informal conversations
with Peregrine and other potential partners to discuss possible transactions.

    In January 2001, Peregrine retained Banc of America Securities LLC to act as
its financial advisor in evaluating the potential benefits of a strategic
relationship with Remedy and entered into an engagement letter with Banc of
America Securities LLC dated as of January 24, 2001.

    In February 2001, representatives of Banc of America Securities LLC, on
behalf of Peregrine, contacted representatives of Morgan Stanley by telephone to
convey Peregrine's interest in renewing discussions of a strategic transaction.
In the discussion, the parties discussed the strategic benefits to both
companies that might be realized through a business combination.

    In early April 2001, Peregrine's financial advisors again contacted Remedy's
financial advisors to discuss a proposed meeting between Mr. Gardner and
Mr. Garlick. Following this discussion, the two executives met in San Diego on
April 9, 2001 to consider again at a high level the possible benefits and
synergies that might be realized through a combination of the two companies. The
meeting concluded without any determination as to whether a combination might
proceed.

    Throughout April and May 2001, with authorization from Remedy's board of
directors, Morgan Stanley contacted a short list of other potential partners to
explore alternatives and assess the interest level of other companies in a
possible strategic transaction with Remedy.

    On April 30, 2001, following the public release of financial results by the
two companies, Mr. Gardner contacted Mr. Garlick to outline a proposal pursuant
to which Peregrine would be willing to acquire Remedy's stock. In the proposal,
Peregrine expressed its willingness to acquire all of the outstanding shares of
Remedy at a per share price equal to $4.00 in cash and 0.8631 of a share of
Peregrine common stock. On that same day and continuing through the first part
of May 2001, the financial advisors of the two companies conferred by telephone
and in person to discuss the business and operations of the two companies and
elements of valuation underlying Peregrine's proposal, based on public
disclosures by both companies. At the conclusion of these discussions, Remedy's
board of directors authorized Morgan Stanley to inform Peregrine that Remedy was
not interested in pursuing a transaction on Peregrine's proposed terms.

    On May 9, May 10, May 11, May 15 and May 22, 2001, Peregrine executed a
series of open market purchases of Remedy's common stock through Banc of America
Securities LLC. These transactions resulted in the purchase of 295,000 shares of
Remedy's common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $5,744,701. These
purchases were made without consultation with Remedy or its advisors. At the
time of these purchases, neither Peregrine nor any of its representatives were
aware of any material, non-public information regarding Remedy.
On May 14, 2001, at the instruction of Peregrine's board of directors,
Mr. Gardner contacted Mr. Garlick to present another proposal. In this proposal,
Peregrine indicated it would be willing to acquire all of the outstanding shares
of Remedy at a per share price equal to 1.1882 shares of Peregrine common stock.
This proposal represented an increase in value from Peregrine's previous
proposal.

    Following Mr. Gardner's communication of Peregrine's revised proposal to
Mr. Garlick, Peregrine's financial advisors contacted Remedy's financial
advisors that same day by conference telephone to explain Peregrine's views
supporting the proposal.

    On May 15, 2001, Remedy's board of directors met to review and discuss
Peregrine's most recent proposed terms for the transaction. Remedy's legal
advisors were present at this meeting. After evaluating Peregrine's proposal,
Remedy's board of directors decided to reject the proposal.

    On May 21, 2001, Morgan Stanley contacted Peregrine's financial advisors to
discuss Remedy's concerns with the financial terms of Peregrine's most recent

    On May 22, 2001, the financial advisors of the two companies again conferred
by conference telephone to consider valuation matters.

    On May 23, 2001, Remedy and Morgan Stanley executed an engagement letter
outlining the financial terms of Remedy's agreement with Morgan Stanley to act
as Remedy's financial advisor for the merger.

    On May 24, 2001, at the instruction of Peregrine's board of directors,
Mr. Gardner presented a best and final proposal to Mr. Garlick. In this
proposal, Peregrine offered to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Remedy
for a per share price of $9.00 in cash and 0.9065 of a share of Peregrine common
stock. This revised proposal represented a further increase in value from the
proposal made by Mr. Gardner on May 14, 2001. Mr. Garlick agreed that Remedy's
board of directors would consider and respond to Peregrine's proposal not later
than May 31, 2001.
On May 30, 2001, Remedy's board of directors met with its legal and
financial advisors to consider Peregrine's latest proposal. After reviewing
Peregrine's offer of a combination of cash and stock consideration, Remedy's
board of directors authorized Remedy's management and its legal and financial
advisors to continue discussions with Peregrine toward the negotiation of a
definitive merger agreement upon the financial terms proposed. Shortly following
the conclusion of Remedy's board of directors meeting, Mr. Garlick telephoned
Mr. Gardner to accept Peregrine's proposal, subject to

appropriate due diligence of both companies by their respective financial and
legal advisors and the management teams of the two companies.

    Also on May 30, 2001 and continuing into the first week of June 2001,
Richard T. Nelson, a Peregrine senior vice president, Matthew C. Gless,
Peregrine's executive vice president, finance and chief financial officer, and
Mr. Fior, together with the financial and legal advisors of the two companies,
spoke by conference telephone on numerous occasions to address due diligence
logistics, a due diligence timetable and other matters relevant to the Peregrine

    On June 4, 2001, Peregrine and Remedy entered into a confidentiality
agreement and both companies began their due diligence investigations.

    Beginning June 4 and continuing through June 10, 2001, a number of managers
and other employee representatives of Peregrine met with their counterparts from
Remedy as part of the due diligence process. Peregrine's and Remedy's legal and
financial advisors assisted Peregrine and Remedy with respect to due diligence.

    On Friday, June 8, 2001, the board of directors of Peregrine held a special
telephonic board of directors meeting at which the terms and other matters
relating to the proposed merger were reviewed. Peregrine's legal and financial
advisors were in attendance at the meeting. Remedy's board of directors also
held a meeting on June 8, 2001 to review the status of negotiations and due
diligence for the proposed transaction. Remedy's legal and financial advisors
were present at this meeting.

    On June 10, 2001, the board of directors of Peregrine held a special
telephonic board of directors meeting at which the status and the terms of the
proposed merger were reviewed. At this meeting, Peregrine's board of directors
approved the merger and authorized the execution and delivery of the merger
agreement and the ancillary transaction agreements.

    Remedy's board of directors also held a meeting on June 10, 2001 at which
the status and the terms of the proposed merger were reviewed and Morgan Stanley
presented its opinion as to the fairness of the financial terms of the merger to
the holders of common stock of Remedy. Remedy's legal advisors also were present
at this meeting. Remedy's board of directors then adopted a resolution approving
the merger agreement and declaring its advisability and approving the merger.

    On June 10, 2001, Peregrine and Remedy finalized, executed and delivered the
merger agreement and the ancillary transaction agreements.

    On June 11, 2001, the companies issued a joint press release announcing the
transaction.

PEREGRINE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER



    In its decision to approve the merger, the most important benefits
identified by the board of directors of Peregrine included the following:

    - Peregrine's board of directors' judgment that the merger will result in a
      complementary coupling of Peregrine's infrastructure management,
      e-procurement and employee relationship management solutions with Remedy's
      business process authoring technology and information technology service
      management products;

    - Peregrine's board of directors' judgment that Remedy's customer focus on
      small to medium-sized business would complement, and be synergistic with,
      Peregrine's focus on larger enterprise customers for sales of its
      infrastructure management products;

    - the combination of the technical and marketing resources of the two
      companies is expected to lead to a broader product family that will be
      attractive to customers because it will represent an integrated solution
      for managing the acquisition, use, maintenance, and disposal of
      infrastructure assets; and

    - the combination of the companies' product lines, sales forces, and
      distribution channels is expected to enhance Peregrine's ability to sell
      its infrastructure management, e-procurement, and employee relationship
      management software products.

    Peregrine's board of directors consulted with senior management and outside
legal and financial advisors as part of the process of approving the merger. In
its evaluation, the Peregrine's board of directors considered several factors,
including the following:

    - the potential strategic benefits of the merger;


    - historical information concerning Peregrine's and Remedy's respective
      businesses, prospects, financial performance and condition, operations,
      technology and management, including public reports of the results of
      operations for each company as filed with the SEC;

    - the view of Peregrine's management of the financial condition, results of
      operations, and businesses of Peregrine and Remedy both before and after
      the merger;

    - current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
      volatility, and trading information with respect to Peregrine's common
      stock and Remedy's common stock;

    - the implied exchange ratio for the merger and the cash consideration to be
      paid in the merger in light of comparable transactions;

    - detailed financial analysis and pro forma and other information presented
      to the board;

    - the anticipated impact of the merger on Peregrine's customers and
      employees;

    - reports from Peregrine's management and its legal and financial advisors
      concerning their due diligence investigations of Remedy; and

    - the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and the ancillary
      transaction agreements.

    Peregrine's board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,

    - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

    - Remedy's slower revenue growth rates relative to Peregrine's revenue
      growth rates;

    - the challenges of integrating the management teams, cultures, and
      organizations of the two companies;



    - the risk of disruption of Peregrine's and Remedy's on-going businesses,
      including sales momentum, as a result of uncertainties created by the
      announcement of the merger;

    - the risk that the merger might not be consummated despite the efforts of
      the parties, even if approved by Remedy's stockholders;

    - the substantial charges to be incurred in connection with the merger,
      including the costs of integrating the businesses and transaction expenses
      arising from the merger;

    - the risk that, despite the efforts of the combined company, key technical
      and management personnel might not remain employed by the combined
      company; and

    - the other factors described in the section of this proxy
      statement/prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 13.

    The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by
Peregrine's board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but includes
material factors Peregrine's board of directors considered. In view of the
complexity of the transaction and the factors, both positive and negative,
influencing its decision, Peregrine's board of directors did not find it
practical to quantify, rank, or otherwise assign relative or specific weights to
these factors. In considering the factors described above, individual members of
Peregrine's board of directors may have given different weights to different
factors. Peregrine's board of directors considered all these factors as a whole
and believed the factors supported its determination to approve the merger.

REMEDY'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    In approving the merger agreement and the merger and recommending that
Remedy stockholders approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the
merger, Remedy's board of directors identified a number of potential benefits
from the merger, including the following:

    - the Remedy board of directors' judgment that the two companies have
      significant complementary strengths and complementary products and
      solutions, including highly complementary technologies for evolving a
      solution development platform, compatible customer loyalty philosophies
      and track records, and complementary partnerships with value-added
      resellers and system integrators;

    - the fact that the consideration to be received by the holders of
      outstanding shares of Remedy's common stock was at a significant premium
      over the relative prices of Remedy's common stock prevailing in the market
      at the time the merger agreement was executed;

    - the opportunity for Remedy's stockholders to participate in future growth
      of the combined company as stockholders of Peregrine; and

    - the opportunity to combine Remedy's ACTION REQUEST SYSTEM environment with
      Peregrine's GET-IT STUDIO technology and technology recently acquired
      through Peregrine's acquisition of Extricity to offer an industry-leading,
      flexible application development environment.

    Remedy's board of directors consulted with senior management and its outside
its evaluation, Remedy's board of directors considered several factors,


      transaction agreements;


      technology, management and future prospects;

    - Remedy management's perception of the strengths and weaknesses of
      Peregrine and Remedy, individually and as a combined company, including
      strengths and weaknesses in the two companies' technologies, sales forces,
      distribution channels, customer relationships, revenue base, management,
      brand awareness and areas of experience;

    - the premium represented by the implied exchange ratio and the premiums
      paid in other recent transactions that could be viewed as comparable;

    - the market value of Peregrine common stock and various factors that might
      affect that value in the future;

    - Remedy's business, financial condition, current business strategy and
      future business prospects;

    - the presentations and views expressed by management of Remedy regarding
      among other things:

       - the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, business
         and prospects of Remedy;

       - Remedy's prospects as a stand-alone company, the uncertainties facing
         Remedy, and the outlook for its current strategies;

       - the prospects for achieving maximum long-term value on a stand-alone
         basis;

       - the strategic alternatives available to Remedy; and

       - the history of contacts with other potential strategic partners and the
         judgment of Remedy's board and management that it was unlikely that any
         other party would be a more attractive strategic partner or make a
         proposal more favorable to Remedy and its stockholders than Peregrine;


      to the board, including the opinion of Morgan Stanley to the effect that,
      as of the date of its opinion and based on and subject to the
      considerations and assumptions described in the opinion, the consideration
      to be received by the holders of shares of common stock of Remedy pursuant
      to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such
      holders;

    - the anticipated impact of the merger on Remedy's customers and employees;
      and

    - reports from Remedy's management and its legal and financial advisors
      concerning their due diligence investigations of Peregrine.

    Remedy's board of directors also identified and considered a number of risks
and uncertainties in its deliberations concerning the merger, including the
following:

    - the fact that the exchange ratio portion of the offer is fixed and will
      not change with increases or decreases in the market price of either
      company's stock before the effectiveness of the merger;

    - the possibility that, in light of the fixed exchange ratio portion of the
      offer, the value to be received by Remedy's stockholders in the merger
      could be substantially reduced in the event of a decline in Peregrine's
      stock price;


      the parties, even if approved by stockholders;