The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between AXYS Pharmaceuticals Inc & Celera Genomics Corp:
Background of the Merger  

    In January 2000, Axys' management and board of directors concluded that Axys should explore opportunities for a strategic combination with a company in
the life sciences industry. Axys was concerned that its limited financial resources and limited access to novel drug targets would constrain Axys' long-term ability to capitalize on its
core scientific assets, primarily its highly skilled scientific employee base. In addition, Axys was concerned about its continuing ability to access additional capital in the
shorter-term. This concern was heightened by Axys' challenges in realizing near-term value from any of its affiliated businesses. Consequently, Axys engaged Lehman Brothers as
its financial advisor and, through Lehman Brothers, Axys held preliminary discussions with various potential strategic parties during the first two quarters of 2000. None of these discussions
progressed beyond the preliminary stage, and on or about August 2000, Axys terminated its relationship with Lehman Brothers.
In
addition to exploring the opportunities for strategic combinations during the first half of 2000, Axys also sought additional financing for its operations, and engaged in a series
of transactions in 2000 to provide Axys with further funding. In March 2000, Axys raised approximately $31.5 million in gross proceeds through a private placement of Axys common stock.
In April 2000, Axys merged its subsidiary Advanced Technologies with Discovery Partners and acquired 7,425,000 shares of Discovery Partners stock. Discovery Partners subsequently went public in
July 2000; however, the Discovery Partners shares owned by Axys, which represented approximately 33% of Discovery Partners' outstanding shares, were subject to an underwriters' lock up until
January 2001 and continue to be subject to various restrictions on resale. In July 2000, Axys put in place an equity line of credit for up to $50 million and made an initial draw
down of $10 million. In September 2000, Axys raised an additional $26 million by selling convertible notes with warrants, which notes were collateralized by most of Axys'
Discovery Partners shares. Based on the closing price of Discovery Partners common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on September 1, 2000, Axys' 33% stake in Discovery Partners had a market
value in excess of $145 million. In December 2000, Axys agreed to merge its subsidiary PPGx with another private company, DNA Sciences. Although DNA Sciences filed for an initial public
offering in January 2001, it has not proceeded with that offering. Axys' other spinout business, Akkadix, sought but failed to secure additional funding in late 2000, and in early 2001, laid
off a substantial portion of its workforce and was forced to reduce its operations.
Axys' view during late 2000, the following factors were important to its continuing ability to fund its programs for the next several years: (1) the ability to sell its
Discovery Partners shares and the amount that could be realized from that sale, since their market value had declined substantially since the convertible note transaction in which $26 million
had been borrowed, (2) the ability to sell its shares in privately-held DNA Sciences and the amount that could be realized from that sale, (3) the ability to raise additional
funding through the equity line or other sources despite the current difficult biotech funding environment and (4) the entry into additional research and development collaborations to further
reduce Axys' operating expenditures. 

January 2001, Axys received an unsolicited invitation from an interested party in the life sciences industry to discuss a possible strategic combination. In February, in
response to the overture from this interested party, Axys requested JPMorgan H&Q, a division of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. to assist Axys in identifying potential merger partners, exploring
other strategic and financial transactions 

for Axys and reviewing publicly available information regarding possible merger partners. JPMorgan H&Q was formally engaged by Axys on May 7, 2001. The discussions with the initial interested
party ended at an early stage. During the course of the ensuing months, JPMorgan H&Q and/or Axys engaged in discussions with approximately 10 other potential strategic parties, including Applera,
which were potential merger partners for Axys and/or which Axys believed might have the potential to provide Axys with novel targets and other valuable resources.
On
April 2, Paul Hastings, Axys' President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Michael Venuti, Senior Vice President, Research and Preclinical Development and Chief
Technical Officer and William Newell, Senior Vice President, Corporate & Business Development, met with Dr. Peter Barrett, Chief Business Officer of the Celera Genomics group, to discuss
a possible transaction in very general terms. On that same date, Axys and Applera entered into a confidentiality agreement. Executives of both companies, as well as their respective financial
advisors, met periodically over the ensuing weeks to explore a potential strategic combination. Commencing in mid-April, Applera began a preliminary due diligence review of Axys'
operations. 

May 2 and 3, a team from the Celera Genomics group led by Dr. Barrett met with Axys management to further discuss the Axys business. After that meeting and throughout
the remainder of May, Applera conducted a more thorough due diligence review of Axys' business, scientific, legal and financial affairs and engaged in more in depth discussions with Axys' senior
management team. During the month of May, Axys and Applera and their respective financial advisors also commenced preliminary negotiations regarding the possible financial terms for a merger. The
board of directors of Axys held meetings on May 14, May 17, May 23 and June 1 with Axys' management and legal advisors and, except with respect to the May 23
meeting, representatives of JPMorgan H&Q, concerning the progress of the Applera negotiations and related matters. During these meetings, the board of directors instructed management and Axys' legal
and financial advisors to continue negotiations with Applera.
Beginning
in the week of June 3, the respective financial advisors and legal counsel for Axys and Applera reviewed and negotiated the detailed terms of a definitive merger
agreement to govern the strategic combination of the parties and Applera continued to conduct its due diligence review of Axys' business throughout the week. Tony L. White, Applera's Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, and Peter Chambr, Chief Operating Officer of the Celera Genomics group, met with Mr. Hastings on June 7, and Dr. Venuti met with
Dr. Craig Venter, President and Chief Scientific Officer of the Celera Genomics group on June 10, to discuss the possible strategic transaction. The board of directors of Axys discussed
the proposed terms of the merger, including exchange ratio and other material terms, with legal counsel and representatives from JPMorgan H&Q at special meetings held on the evenings of June 10
and 11. During each of these meetings, members of the law firm of Latham & Watkins, outside counsel to Axys, reviewed with the directors their fiduciary duties. At the conclusion of each
meeting, the board of directors instructed management to continue proceeding toward reaching a final definitive agreement with Applera. 

    During
the period that Axys was providing due diligence materials to Applera, and Applera and Axys were negotiating a potential strategic combination, Axys was also providing due
diligence information to another potential strategic party. In addition, Axys and its financial and legal advisors were negotiating the terms for a potential merger with this second party. The status
and terms of this alternative merger proposal were reviewed and discussed by the Axys board members during the board meetings held on May 14, May 17, May 23, June 1,
June 10 and June 11, and during each of the meetings, the Axys board of directors instructed management to continue to pursue this potential merger transaction concurrently with their
discussions with Applera.
The
Axys board of directors believes that Axys' success to date and ongoing value are attributable to Axys' base of highly-qualified and experienced scientific employees. The Axys
board of directors had significant concerns regarding Axys' ability to retain these very talented and sought after employees through the closing of a potential merger with this second party, and
failing this retention, concerns
that the potential merger might fail to close. In this regard, Axys was only to be given limited freedom by the second party to offer financial incentives to Axys' employees to ensure that they would
remain with Axys through the closing of the transaction. Axys believed that Axys would have an increased ability to retain its employees through the closing of the merger with the Applera affiliate
due to the willingness of Applera to permit Axys to provide certain incentives to Axys' employees, as well as the current business practices of the Celera Genomics group, both of which were more
compatible with the approach of Axys. In addition, the second party wanted to strictly limit Axys' ability to amend and extend its existing collaboration agreements and enter into similar agreements
for non-sponsored research and development programs prior to the closing of a merger. Applera was willing to provide Axys with more flexibility in this regard as continued partnering has
been and is expected to be generally consistent with the business practices of the Celera Genomics group. The board of directors noted that Axys' existing and planned collaboration agreements were an
integral part of Axys' financial planning, and the elimination of these initiatives would meaningfully reduce Axys' sources of revenue and liquidity. The board of directors concluded that if the
merger with this second party failed to close due to a failure to retain employees or some other reason, Axys' ability to continue its operations
would be hampered significantly if it could not pursue its collaboration initiatives during the pre-closing period. Concerns about the certainty of closing the merger, in addition to
concerns about the ongoing financial strength of Axys in the event the merger did not close, led the board of directors to conclude in its June 11 meeting that the Applera transaction, which
offered Axys greater flexibility in these areas of concern, was superior to the proposal from the second party. Immediately following the board meeting on June 11, and again during the
afternoon and evening of June 12, Axys and its financial advisor invited the second party to revise its proposal to address these and other concerns. As of the evening of June 12, 2001,
Axys had not received a new proposal from the second party that addressed the board of directors' concerns.
At
a special meeting of the board of directors of Applera held by telephone on the afternoon of June 12, 2001 and attended by Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated,
financial advisor to Applera, and Applera's legal counsel, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, the board of directors reviewed and discussed the proposed terms of the merger transaction with Axys. The
Applera board of directors approved the terms of the merger and delegated authority to certain members of senior management to finalize and enter into a definitive merger agreement.
a special meeting of the Axys board of directors held on the evening of June 12, 2001 and attended by JPMorgan H&Q and Axys' legal counsel, Latham & Watkins and
Richards, Layton & Finger, the board of directors reviewed and discussed the final definitive Applera merger agreement. Axys' legal counsel reviewed with the members of the Axys board of
directors their fiduciary duties relating to the proposed transaction with Applera. Also at this meeting, JPMorgan H&Q reviewed its financial analysis of the exchange ratio provided for in the
transaction and delivered to the Axys board of directors its oral opinion (which opinion was confirmed by a written opinion dated June 12, 2001) to the effect that, as of the date provided in
the opinion, and based on and subject to the matters described in the opinion, the exchange ratio provided for in the transaction was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Axys' common
stock. See "The MergerOpinion of the Financial Advisor to the Axys Board of Directors" in this proxy statement/prospectus for more information about the opinion delivered by JPMorgan H&Q.
The opinion is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement/prospectus. JPMorgan H&Q expressed no opinion as to the fairness of the offer from the second party nor did it make a recommendation to
pursue one transaction over any other. At the conclusion of the meeting, the board of directors unanimously determined that the Applera merger was fair to and in the best interests of Axys'
stockholders and approved the definitive merger agreement. The merger agreement was executed later that night, and the transaction was announced in a joint press release on the morning of
June 13, 2001. 

 Reasons of Axys for the Merger

    The Axys board of directors, in consultation with its financial and legal advisors, carefully considered the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and
the proposed merger. The Axys board of
directors unanimously determined that the merger of Axys pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement is in the best interests of Axys' stockholders, unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
merger and unanimously recommended that the stockholders of Axys vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. 

reaching its unanimous decision to approve the merger agreement, the Axys board of directors considered a number of positive factors, including the following: 


the
Celera Genomics group's strong capabilities in the areas of genomics, proteomics, bioinformatics and high throughput computation combined with Axys'
complementary strengths in the areas of medicinal, structural and combinatorial chemistry and biology would enable the combined company to more effectively pursue the research and development of
innovative small molecule therapeutics;


combined company's enhanced ability to identify a high volume of new therapeutic targets, select the best targets from among them and develop new drugs
to intervene with the targets;


opportunity for Axys' stockholders to participate in a larger and better capitalized organization and to benefit from the potential appreciation in
Celera Genomics common stock;


opportunity for holders of Axys common stock to receive a significant premium over the existing market price for shares of Axys' common stock prior to
the announcement of the merger;


greater liquidity of Celera Genomics common stock and broader analyst coverage;


increased ability of Axys to access capital for research and development;


scientific renown of the Celera Genomics group and its access to cutting-edge technologies, including technologies from the Applied
Biosystems group;






opinion of the financial advisor to the Axys board of directors that, as of June 12, 2001, and subject to the assumptions and limitations set
forth in the fairness opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of the outstanding shares of Axys' common stock, and the financial presentation made by Axys'
financial advisor to the board of directors in connection with the delivery of its opinion;


fact that with the assistance of its financial advisor Axys had engaged in a review of the available alternatives for strategic and financial
transactions, and the fact that the Axys board of directors had concluded that Applera was the best available alternative for Axys for a strategic combination;


ability of Axys to terminate the merger agreement upon receipt of a superior acquisition proposal, subject to the payment of specified customary
termination fees;


fact that the parties intended for the merger to qualify as a tax-free transaction for United States federal income tax purposes (except
for tax resulting from any cash received for fractional shares by the holders of Axys common stock) which would permit Axys' stockholders to receive Celera Genomics common stock in a
tax-free exchange;


belief that Axys would have an increased ability to retain its employees through the closing of the merger due to the willingness of Applera to permit
Axys to provide certain incentives to Axys' employees, as well as the current business practices of the Celera Genomics group, both of which were more compatible with the approach of Axys than were
proposed alternatives; 


likely impact of the merger on Axys' employees;