The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Aris Corp & Ciber Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    In September 2000 ARIS Corporation's board of directors and its President
and CEO, Mr. Kendall W. Kunz, began considering strategic options for ARIS,
including possible acquisitions and business combinations. During the latter
part of 2000 and early 2001, ARIS Corporation's board of directors and senior
management considered various strategic alternatives to increase shareholder
value, including a sale of ARIS.
Following a meeting of the board of directors of ARIS on February 1, 2001,
during which continued pursuing strategic alternatives for ARIS were discussed,
Mr. Kunz contacted several investment bankers and industry leaders who offered
ideas for strategic alternatives to improve shareholder value of ARIS.

    On February 26, 2001, Mr. Mac Slingerlend, president and Chief Executive
Officer of CIBER, Inc. approached Mr. Paul Y. Song, founder and chairman of the
ARIS board of directors, to discuss the possible strategic combination between
ARIS and CIBER or one of CIBER's operating subsidiaries.

    On March 8, 2001, ARIS and CIBER entered into a non-disclosure agreement
allowing for the initial meeting between management of both companies.

    On March 8, 2001, a number of executive officers of ARIS and CIBER met. The
companies' representatives discussed potential operating synergies, including
the overlap of services and geographic regions. They also explored the
possibility of expanded services and expanded geographic reach. A number of
potential strategic combination options were discussed.

    On March 26, 2001 executives of CIBER and ARIS met to further discuss merger
alternatives.

    On April 3, 2001, ARIS and CIBER continued discussions of a possible
business combination. Mr. David Durham, Chief Financial Officer of CIBER,
informed Mr. Kunz that CIBER had retained an investment banking firm to handle
the transaction for CIBER.

    On April 5, 2001, Mr. Kunz received an email from Mr. Durham outlining a
possible timetable for continuing discussing and a preliminary due diligence
list. On April 6, 2001, Mr. Kunz received a phone call from Mr. Durham
confirming the timetable. Mr. Kunz provided Mr. Durham with an updated due
diligence list and opinion on the timetable.

    On April 12, 2001, executives of ARIS, CIBER, CIBER operating branches, and
CIBER's financial advisors met to discuss potential transactions. At this
meeting, ARIS senior management presented information as requested from the
preliminary due diligence list. The companies discussed a number of strategic
combinations including the outright purchase of ARIS by CIBER. At the meeting,
the representatives concluded that significant operating synergies and cultural
compatibility made a combination between ARIS and CIBER a positive move for
employees, customers and shareholders, both in the short and long term. They
also determined that the financial compatibility required discussion before
conducting further business evaluations.

    On April 16, 2001, Mr. Kunz provided CIBER management with additional
information clarifying the preliminary due diligence list.

    During the week of April 30, 2001, representatives of the parties negotiated
price and financial structure of the proposed merger.

    During the week of April 30, 2001, ARIS advised CIBER of its intentions to
engage Friedman Billings & Ramsey Co., Inc. as its exclusive financial advisor
and to provide an opinion as to the fairness of this transaction to the ARIS
board of directors. In addition, ARIS engaged Van Valkenberg Furber Law Group
P.L.L.C. to provide legal advice and to conduct due diligence for the potential
transaction.

    On May 4, 2001, Mr. Song and Mr. Kunz received a proposed letter of intent
outlining financial and other terms of a proposed merger between ARIS and CIBER
whereby CIBER proposed to buy all of the outstanding stock of ARIS Corporation.

    On May 8, 2001, executives of CIBER and ARIS met to discuss operating
synergies and company integration.

    On May 11, 2001, the ARIS board of directors held a conference call to
consider CIBER's acquisition proposal. The board authorized management to
continue discussions and to negotiate the terms of a definitive agreement with
CIBER. It also authorized management to engage Friedman Billings & Ramsey
Co., Inc. as the exclusive financial advisor, and to provide a fairness opinion
to ARIS.

    On May 16, 2001, executives of CIBER attended a meeting in Bellevue, WA with
members of ARIS management to further discuss the merits of combining CIBER's
and ARIS's operations.

    On May 17, 2001, the ARIS board of directors held a regular meeting and
received an update from management and its legal advisors on the status of
discussions with CIBER. In addition, ARIS's

legal advisors reviewed the fiduciary duties of the board with regard to the
proposed transaction. The board instructed management to continue to negotiate
terms of a definitive agreement of merger with CIBER.

    The attorneys for ARIS and CIBER and their respective financial advisors,
began conducting legal and financial due diligence reviews on May 18, 2001.


    During the period between May 11, 2001 and June 13, 2001, Van Valkenberg
Furber Law Group P.L.L.C. and Davis Graham & Stubbs LLP, counsel for CIBER,
continued their respective due diligence reviews and engaged in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed merger. Members of ARIS
management teams and their financial advisors also held a series of conference
calls during that time to review preliminary terms and continue discussions
regarding a proposed combination. Further, representatives from ARIS and its
financial and legal advisers continued to negotiate the terms of the proposed
merger with CIBER and its advisers.

    On June 11, 2001, the ARIS board of directors met via telephone. Present at
the meeting were the directors, senior management of ARIS, Friedman Billings &
Ramsey Co., Inc. and Brad Furber Law Group P.L.L.C. of Van Valkenberg Furber.
Mr. Kunz began the meeting by reviewing the status of the proposed transaction
with CIBER and by providing a strategic overview. He then summarized the
diligence efforts to date, the results of the negotiations, and the terms of the
proposed merger, including, but not limited to:

    - status and timing of the transaction;

    - pricing and valuation of the proposed merger;

    - strategies and business opportunities with CIBER;

    - various business issues relating to the merger;

    - the voting agreement;

    - affiliate agreements;

    - the restrictions on ARIS's ability to pursue alternative transactions;

    - closing conditions;

    - material adverse effect definitions;

    - termination provisions; and

    - a review of CIBER's performance and prospects.








    Mr. Furber made a presentation to the ARIS board during which he reminded
the directors of their duties and responsibilities under Washington law.
Following Mr. Furber's presentation, Friedman Billings & Ramsey Co., Inc.
presented an analysis of the financial terms of the proposed merger with CIBER
and delivered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing as of
June 14, 2001, as to the fairness of the merger consideration and exchange
ratio, from a financial point of view, to the holders of ARIS common stock.
Following these presentations and the related discussions by the ARIS board, the
ARIS board of directors concluded that the merger was in the best interests of
ARIS shareholders, declared the merger advisable, approved the proposed terms of
the merger and the merger agreement in substantially the form presented,
authorized ARIS's officers to complete the negotiations and execute the merger
agreement and resolved to recommend that ARIS shareholders vote to adopt the
merger agreement. In connection with the merger, the board also resolved to
declare that the ARIS 1995, 1997, and 2000 stock option plans would be clarified
by declaring that this merger would not be considered a liquidation or
dissolution for purposes of vesting acceleration.
The merger agreement originally provided for the merger of ARIS with and
into a wholly owned subsidiary of CIBER. However, upon additional review, both
CIBER and ARIS felt the present merger structure, with ARIS merging into CIBER
was the preferred merger structure given the parties objectives. Effective as of
June 14, 2001, ARIS and CIBER entered into the Amended and Restated Merger
Agreement and Mr. Song, Mrs. Tina Song, AHS LLC (an entity controlled by
Mr. Song), and Mr. Kunz entered into amended and restated voting agreements with
CIBER. Before the opening of trading on June 14, 2001, ARIS and CIBER issued a
joint press release announcing the merger.

JOINT REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    The boards of directors of ARIS and CIBER have determined that a combined
company would be positioned to compete more effectively in the market, thereby
increasing the potential for improved long-term operating and financial results.
In particular, the boards believe that the merger will create the opportunity
for ARIS and CIBER to:

    - provide their customers with a more complete service offering that will
      better serve the needs of customers;

    - provide their respective employees with the ability to expand their skills
      and their careers;

    - provide critical mass in areas such as Seattle, Denver, and New Jersey;

    - create a platform for European operations in the United Kingdom; and

    - reverse the current operating loss trend of ARIS's operations to
      contribution status.

FACTORS CONSIDERED BY AND RECOMMENDATION OF THE ARIS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    At a meeting of the ARIS board of directors on June 11, 2001, after due
consideration, the ARIS board:

    - determined that the merger is in the best interests of ARIS and its
      shareholders;

    - approved the merger and the merger agreement; and

    - determined to recommend that the shareholders of ARIS adopt the merger
      agreement and approve the transactions contemplated thereby.



    Accordingly, the ARIS board of directors recommends that the ARIS
shareholders vote FOR adoption of the merger agreement.

    In reaching its decision to approve the merger and to recommend such merger
to its shareholders, the board of directors consulted with ARIS senior
management and with ARIS's financial advisor, Friedman Billings Ramsey & Co.,
Inc., and its outside legal counsel Van Valkenberg Furber Law Group P.L.L.C. In
reaching its decision, the board considered all of the reasons described above
under "Joint Reasons for the Merger," including the board's belief that a
combined company would be positioned to compete more effectively in the market,
thereby increasing the potential for improved long-term operating and financial
results. The ARIS board also considered the following factors which it believes
favor approval of the merger:

    - MERGER CONSIDERATION. The ARIS board analyzed the market value of the
      CIBER common stock to be issued in exchange for each share of ARIS common
      stock in light of comparable merger transactions.

    - OPINION OF FRIEDMAN BILLINGS & RAMSEY CO., INC. The ARIS board considered
      the opinion of Friedman Billings Ramsey & Co., Inc. ("FBR"), issued on
      June 14, 2001 to the ARIS board of directors as to the fairness, from a
      financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to the holders of ARIS
      common stock. A copy of the FBR opinion is attached as Annex B hereto.

    - PRESENTATION OF FBR. The ARIS board considered the various financial
      information, valuation analyses and other factors set forth in the
      presentation by FBR at the ARIS board meeting on June 11, 2001, including
      those described below in the section entitled "Opinion of ARIS's financial
      advisor."

    - HISTORICAL INFORMATION. The ARIS board considered historical information
      concerning CIBER's and ARIS's respective businesses, financial performance
      and conditions, operations, technologies, management and competitive
      positions, including public reports concerning results of operations
      during the most recent fiscal year and fiscal quarter for each company
      filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

    - MARKET CONDITIONS. The ARIS board considered current financial market
      conditions, historical market prices, and volatility and trading
      information with respect to CIBER common stock and ARIS common stock.

    - STOCK VOLATILITY, MICRO-CAPITALIZATION STATUS, EXPOSURE TO INSTITUTIONAL
      HOLDERS. The ARIS board considered current trading volumes, potential
      stock liquidity and market capitalization size of ARIS common stock as
      well as the short and long term potential of attracting institutional
      holders of ARIS stock.

    - AVAILABLE ALTERNATIVES. The ARIS board considered potential transactions
      with third parties based on inquiries made by Mr. Kunz at the direction of
      ARIS's board as well as ARIS management's view on the potential for other
      third parties to enter into strategic relationships with, or to acquire,
      ARIS.

    - POSSIBLE DECLINE IN MARKET PRICE OF ARIS SHARES. The ARIS board considered
      the possibility that if a transaction with CIBER is not consummated and
      ARIS remained a publicly owned corporation, the price that might be
      received by ARIS shareholders in the open market or in a future
      transaction might be less than the consideration to be received pursuant
      to the merger.

    - TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT. The ARIS board considered the terms of the
      merger agreement, including, among others, the circumstances under which
      the ARIS board may withdraw its recommendation of the merger, the ARIS
      board's ability to consider a superior acquisition proposal, the
      conditions to closing of the merger and the termination provisions of the
      merger agreement.

    - TAX-DEFERRED NATURE OF TRANSACTION. The ARIS board noted that the merger
      is expected to be a tax-deferred transaction.

    - TRANSACTION ACCOUNTED FOR AS A PURCHASE. The ARIS board noted that the
      merger is expected to be accounted for as a purchase transaction.

    - TRENDS IN THE INDUSTRY. The ARIS board considered various trends in the
      information technology industry and the effect of industry consolidation
      on ARIS's ability to compete effectively in existing markets.


    ARIS's board of directors also identified and considered a variety of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including, but not limited to:

    - the possibility that the merger might not be consummated, and the fact
      that under some circumstances ARIS might be required to pay a termination
      fee to CIBER;

    - the effect that the public announcement of the merger might have on ARIS's
      sales and operating results, ARIS's ability to attract and retain key
      personnel and the progress of ARIS's current business development and
      marketing projects;

    - the risk that potential benefits sought in the merger might not be fully
      realized, that some of ARIS's customers may view CIBER negatively and seek
      to terminate their relationships with ARIS and that the combined company
      may not be able to retain key personnel;

    - the limitations placed on ARIS relating to its ability to pursue
      alternative transactions and to conduct its business prior to the closing;
      and

    - the substantial costs to be incurred in connection with the merger,
      including the costs of integrating the businesses and transaction expenses
      arising from the merger.

    After due consideration and discussion, ARIS's board of directors decided
that these risks were outweighed by the potential benefits of the merger.

    The foregoing discussion is not exhaustive of all the factors considered by
ARIS's board. Each member of ARIS's board may have considered different factors,
and the board did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to factors
considered.

FACTORS CONSIDERED BY THE CIBER BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    CIBER's board of directors considered the following as reasons to pursue the
merger:

    - the opportunity to establish a business presence in the United Kingdom;

    - the opportunity to strengthen CIBER's Oracle relationship and delivery
      capability;

    - the opportunity to strengthen CIBER's presence in the Seattle, New Jersey,
      Denver and Dallas markets;

    - the opportunity to achieve improved operating efficiency based on CIBER's
      analysis of ARIS's cost structure;

    - ARIS's long-term client relationships and long-term committed employees;

    - the belief that ARIS's balance sheet will contribute positively to CIBER's
      overall financial strength.

    CIBER's board of directors also examined and reviewed the risks associated
with the merger, those risks are more fully discussed in the "Risk Factors"
section on page 9 of this proxy statement/ prospectus.

OPINION OF ARIS'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR