Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'ADP':
At the Special Meeting you will be asked to consider and vote upon a
proposal to approve a merger agreement whereby Avert will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. ("ADP"). In the merger, you will
be entitled to receive $22.00 in cash for each share of Avert's common stock
you own immediately prior to the merger.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Avert':
You are cordially invited to attend a Special Meeting of Shareholders of
Avert, Inc. ("Avert") to be held at the offices of Baker & Hostetler LLP, 303
East 17th Avenue, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado on August 10, 2001 at 9:00 a.m.
local time.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Board':
This proxy statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation by the
board of directors (the "Board") of Avert from the holders of shares of common
stock, without par value, of Avert of proxies for use at a Special Meeting of
Shareholders (the "Special Meeting") to be held at 9:00 a.m. local time, on
August 10, 2001, at the offices of Baker & Hostetler LLP, 303 East 17th Avenue,
Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado, or at any adjournments or postponements thereof,
pursuant to the enclosed Notice of Special Meeting of Shareholders.

The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Avert Inc & Automatic Data Processing Inc:

Background of the Merger

   During March, April and May of 1997 representatives of ADP and Avert held
numerous telephone conversations to discuss the potential marketing by ADP of
Avert's products and services to ADP's customer base through the ADP sales
force. In July 1997 ADP and Avert entered into an agreement for a pilot program
pursuant to which ADP would sell Avert's products and services in the Boston,
Massachusetts and Rhode Island areas. The pilot program proved to be
successful, and in November 1997 at a meeting to discuss the results of the
pilot program, a representative of ADP raised the subject of ADP possibly
purchasing a minority equity interest in Avert. Although Avert indicated that
such a relationship might be acceptable, in February 1998 ADP determined that
it did not wish to own a minority interest. In May 1998 ADP and Avert expanded
their pilot program to include Chicago, Illinois. In October 1998 ADP again
raised the subject of acquiring an interest in Avert, this time suggesting that
it might be willing to acquire all of Avert in the range of $6.50 to $7.50 per
share.
From October, 1998 until January 18, 1999, Avert, through its then financial
advisor, The Wallach Company, pursued discussions with ADP and seven other
potential strategic merger partners. After preliminary discussions, only ADP
and one other company expressed any serious interest in an acquisition of
Avert. As a result of those discussions, the per share price that could be
obtained by Avert's shareholders appeared to be in the range of $7.00-$8.50. On
January 18, 1999, the Board met and concluded that Avert's shareholders would
recognize greater value if Avert continued to operate as a stand alone company
and terminated these discussions.

   On May 6, 1999 Avert and the Emerging Business Services division of ADP
entered into a marketing agreement wherein ADP agreed to sell certain of
Avert's employment screening and verification products and services to current
and potential clients of ADP. Avert agreed to pay ADP a percentage of the
revenues generated pursuant to those sales. Avert entered into a similar
marketing agreement with the Major Accounts division of ADP on July 9, 1999.

   In 2000 Avert and the Emerging Business Services Division of ADP entered
into a marketing agreement wherein Avert agreed to market and promote ADP
payroll and payroll related tax filing data processing services on Avert's
business-to-business electronic commerce site. ADP agreed to pay Avert a one-
time fee, determined as a percentage of revenues, for each Avert user who
purchased ADP's services.

   In January 2000 the President of Avert met with a representative of Lehman
Brothers to discuss the possibility of Lehman Brothers commencing coverage of
Avert by Lehman Brothers' stock analysts. The discussion also involved Lehman
Brothers acting as Avert's investment banker to the extent Avert had need for
an investment banker.

   Beginning in February and March of 2000 Avert received several inquiries
from companies regarding Avert's interest in merging. Representatives of Avert
engaged in discussions with two such companies. As a result of those
discussions, in April 2000 Avert engaged Lehman Brothers as its investment
banker to perform a valuation of Avert and to evaluate strategic merger
partners. Lehman Brothers was asked to contact the investment bankers
representing both companies that had indicated an interest and Lehman Brothers
did so and began preparation of a disclosure document to be furnished to those
companies as well as any other companies that indicated an interest together
with a nondisclosure agreement.

   Lehman Brothers finished preparation of the disclosure document in May of
2000, and in May, June and July of 2000 began to make contact with a group of
companies targeted as the best strategic merger partners for Avert. By this
time, however, the stock market had declined precipitously, and merger and
acquisition activity was declining rapidly. No company contacted by Lehman
Brothers expressed an interest in acquiring Avert.

The two companies that had expressed an interest in February and March did not
withdraw from the discussions but further discussions with them were delayed
until the end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001.

   In May 2000 a representative of ADP again suggested acquiring a minority
interest in Avert through the possible purchase by ADP of newly issued
convertible preferred stock of Avert. During August 2000 discussions were held
between Avert and representatives of ADP. Discussions continued through October
2000.

   In December 2000 representatives of a small capitalization public company
contacted the President of Avert and expressed an interest in acquiring Avert
in a stock for stock merger. This concept was discussed with the Board on
December 29, 2000, and the Board directed the President to engage Lehman
Brothers to evaluate the concept. In February 2001 Avert determined not to
pursue discussions with that company, believing that the discussions with ADP
described below provided a better opportunity and that the stock of ADP was
more attractive than the stock of that company.

   In January 2001 representatives of ADP advised Avert that it would not
pursue owning a minority interest in Avert through convertible stock and
inquired whether Avert would consider a complete purchase of the company. After
consultation with the Board, the President of Avert advised ADP that it would
consider such an offer provided that it was fair to the Avert shareholders. ADP
indicated that it was considering an offer in the $16-18 per share range. Avert
advised ADP it believed that range was too low but would continue discussions
and permit ADP to perform a due diligence review of Avert. Avert also advised
Lehman Brothers in January 2001 that these discussions were ongoing and to be
alert to a need to evaluate any proposal from ADP.
In January 2001 one of the companies that had approached Avert in the Spring
of 2000 again contacted Avert, and a meeting was held with representatives of
that company in January 2001. As result of that meeting Avert instructed Lehman
Brothers to contact representatives of the other company. That company was
permitted to commence due diligence on Avert. That company ultimately required
an exclusive right to negotiate with Avert. Given the preliminary purchase
price indications, Avert declined that requirement and no further discussions
were held with that company.

   After February 2001 Avert held discussions only with ADP and continued the
negotiations begun in January 2001 with ADP.

   The initial discussions with ADP was for a stock for stock merger and
numerous negotiations were held between January and early April 2001 at which a
potential exchange ratio was discussed. During these negotiations ADP continued
its due diligence review of Avert.

   On April 4, 2001 representatives of ADP advised the President of Avert that
ADP would no longer consider a stock for stock merger but that it would
consider only a cash merger. Negotiations between the parties resulted in ADP
initially suggesting $21 per share. Avert was unwilling to pursue discussions
at that price. Finally, in April 2001 ADP and Avert reached a tentative
understanding at $22 per share, subject to ADP's completion of its due
diligence and the negotiation of an acceptable merger agreement and related
documents. From April until June 15th the parties engaged in negotiation of the
merger agreement.
On June 13, 2001 the Board of Avert met to discuss the proposed merger and
evaluate the terms thereof. On June 15, 2001 the Board again met to hear the
presentation by Lehman Brothers of its evaluation of the proposed merger and
its assessment of the fairness of the merger to the shareholders of Avert from
a financial point of view. At that meeting Lehman Brothers presented its oral
and written opinion that the Merger was fair to the shareholders of Avert from
a financial point of view. Following that presentation the Board adopted and
approved the Merger Agreement and the Merger. Avert and ADP executed and
delivered the Merger Agreement after the close of the market on June 15, 2001.
The signing of the Merger Agreement was publicly announced by ADP and Avert on
June 18, 2001.

Reasons for the Merger

   The Board of Avert believes that the Merger Consideration offers the best
price reasonably available to the shareholders of Avert. In reaching its
conclusions with respect to the Merger Consideration, the Merger and the Merger
Agreement, the Board considered a number of factors, including the following:

  .  The fact that implementation of Avert's business plan may be subject to
     declining usage by large and small technology companies because of the
     impact of the economic downturn, both nationally and internationally, on
     the human resources industry;

  .  The fact that implementation of Avert's business plan is subject to
     potential competitive pressure from large and small competitors;

  .  The $22 per share in cash would represent an 18% premium over the
     closing price of Avert's common stock on the trading day prior to the
     Board's approval of the merger and a 34.6% premium over the average
     closing price of Avert's common stock for the 60 trading day period
     prior to the announcement of the Merger;

  .  The volatility of and other factors affecting the stock market in
     general and the market for Avert's stock in particular (including the
     Internet business services sector) makes it impossible to predict future
     market prices for Avert's stock;

  .  The low average daily trading volume for Avert common stock;

  .  The Board's belief that it is unlikely that any other party would
     propose an acquisition or strategic business combination that would be
     more favorable to Avert and its shareholders, based upon the fact that
     (i) Avert's financial advisor actively sought and evaluated potential
     strategic alternatives to advance shareholder value, (ii) management had
     pursued in good faith alternatives that had been identified and (iii)
     discussions with other parties had led to a determination that no such
     party was willing or able to make a more favorable offer for Avert;

  .  The presentation of Avert's financial advisor, Lehman Brothers, at the
     meeting of the Board of Directors held on June 15, 2001 and a written
     opinion of Lehman Brothers delivered to the Board on June 15, 2001 to
     the effect that as of the date of such opinion the $22.00 per share to
     be received by the Avert shareholders was fair to them from a financial
     point of view;

  .  The fact that the ADP distribution system provided a strategic fit for
     the distribution of Avert products that made Avert more valuable to ADP
     than other potential suitors;

  .  The Board's belief that the Merger is fair to and in the best interests
     of the shareholders of Avert and that no higher price could be
     negotiated with ADP;


  .  The other terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including the
     fact that the Merger Agreement allows the Board to terminate the Merger
     Agreement upon payment of a breakup fee, in order to accept a bona fide
     proposal reasonably expected to lead to an acquisition, merger or
     business combination or similar transaction that the Avert Board
     determines in good faith after consultation with its financial and other
     advisors to be more favorable to Avert and its shareholders than the
     merger with ADP;

  .  The likelihood that the Merger will be consummated, including the fact
     that the obligations of ADP are not conditioned upon obtaining any
     financing; and

  .  The fact that stock prices for Internet business services companies
     suffered a precipitous decline since March of 2000 and that the price of
     Avert had not declined to the same extent, rendering other potential
     suitors unwilling to consider an offer for Avert.

The foregoing factors considered by the Board are not intended to be
exhaustive, but include the material factors considered. In view of the variety
of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the
offer price, the Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or
otherwise assign relative

weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its determination and
recommendations, and individual directors may have given differing weights to
different factors.

Fairness Opinion of Financial Advisor to the Board


   On April 26, 2000, the Board engaged Lehman Brothers to act as its financial
advisor with respect to evaluating potential strategic merger partners. On June
15, 2001, Lehman Brothers rendered its oral and written opinion to the Board,
with respect to the acquisition of Avert by ADP, that as of such date and,
based upon and subject to certain matters stated therein, from a financial
point of view, the consideration to be offered to the shareholders of Avert in
the Merger is fair to such shareholders.

   The full text of Lehman Brothers' written opinion, dated June 15, 2001 (the
"Lehman Brothers Opinion") is attached as Annex D to this Proxy Statement.
Shareholders may read such opinion for a discussion of the assumptions made,
procedures followed, factors considered and limitations upon the review
undertaken by Lehman Brothers in rendering its opinion. The following is a
summary of the Lehman Brothers Opinion and the methodology that Lehman Brothers
used to render its fairness opinion.

   Lehman Brothers' advisory services and opinion were provided for the
information and assistance of the Board in connection with its consideration of
the Merger. The Lehman Brothers Opinion is not intended to be and does not
constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of Avert as to how such
shareholder should vote in connection with the Merger. Lehman Brothers was not
requested to opine as to, and the Lehman Brothers Opinion does not address,
Avert's underlying business decision to proceed with or effect the Merger.

   In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed and analyzed:

     (1) the Merger Agreement and the specific terms of the Merger;


     (2) publicly available information concerning Avert that Lehman Brothers
  believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Avert's Annual Report on
  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 and Avert's Quarterly
  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001;

     (3) financial and operating information with respect to the business,
  operations and prospects of Avert furnished to Lehman Brothers by Avert;

     (4) a trading history of Avert common shares from June 13, 1998 to June
  13, 2001 and a comparison of that trading history with those of other
  companies that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

     (5) a comparison of the historical financial results and present
  financial condition of Avert with those of other companies that Lehman
  Brothers deemed relevant;

     (6) the results of efforts to solicit indications of interest from third
  parties with respect to a purchase of Avert; and

     (7) a comparison of the financial terms of the Merger with the financial
  terms of certain other transactions that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant.

   In addition, Lehman Brothers had discussions with the management of Avert
concerning its business, operations, assets, financial condition and prospects
and undertook such other studies, analyses and investigations as Lehman
Brothers deemed appropriate.

   In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by Lehman
Brothers without assuming any responsibility for independent verification of
such information and further relied upon the assurances of the management of
Avert that they were not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make
such information inaccurate or misleading. With respect to the financial
projections of Avert, upon advice of Avert,
Lehman Brothers assumed that such projections were reasonably prepared on a
basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of Avert as to the future financial performance of Avert and that
Avert will perform substantially in accordance with such projections. In
arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers conducted only a limited physical
inspection of the properties and facilities of Avert and did not make or obtain
any evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Avert. The Lehman
Brothers Opinion was necessarily based upon market, economic and other
conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date of such
opinion.
In connection with rendering its opinion, Lehman Brothers performed certain
financial, comparative and other analyses as described below. In arriving at
its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not ascribe a specific range of value to
Avert, but rather made its determination as to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, to the shareholders of Avert of the consideration to be offered
by ADP in the Merger on the basis of financial and comparative analyses. The
preparation of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the
most appropriate and relevant methods of financial and comparative analysis and
the application of those methods to the particular circumstances, and
therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description.
Furthermore, in arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not attribute any
particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and
factor. Accordingly, Lehman Brothers believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that considering any portion of such analyses and
factors, without considering all analyses and factors as a whole, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion. In its
analyses, Lehman Brothers made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond the control of Avert. None of Avert, Lehman Brothers, or
any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially
different from those discussed. Any estimates contained in these analyses were
not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or
values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than as set forth
therein. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses actually
may be sold.