The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Galileo International Inc & Cendant Corp:
Background of the Merger

   The Galileo board, as part of its ongoing oversight and planning functions,
has from time to time considered various financial and other alternatives that
might be available to increase the value of Galileo to all of its stockholders.
In connection with these ongoing reviews, the Galileo board met during the fall
of 2000 to assess the then current trading price of the Galileo common stock,
their view that the Galileo common stock was then undervalued by the financial
markets and the advisability of various possible strategic alternatives
available to Galileo to increase stockholder value, including a business
combination with a competitor of Galileo or other third party, a
recapitalization, a leveraged buyout or the continued operation of Galileo as a
stand alone entity under its then current business plan. At the conclusion of
the meeting, the Galileo board determined that a more extensive review of these
possible strategic alternatives would be appropriate.

   At a meeting of the Galileo board held on October 5, 2000, the board
authorized preliminary discussions with financial advisors to advise the board
on its strategic alternatives. On October 19, 2000, the Galileo board decided
to proceed with the selection of an investment banker and authorized the public
announcement that it had commenced a review of strategic alternatives.

   On October 20, 2000, Galileo issued a press release stating, among other
things, the following:

     "Galileo International, Inc. announced today that its board of directors
  has authorized management to explore strategic alternatives for the company
  designed to maximize shareholder value. Such alternatives include, but are
  not limited to, a leveraged buyout or sale to a strategic buyer. The
  company said that there is no assurance that any transaction will be
  completed. The Galileo board has begun the search for a financial advisor
  to explore and evaluate possible alternatives, and anticipates naming one
  shortly."

   On October 25, 2000, the Galileo board engaged Morris Nichols Arsht &
Tunnell as special counsel to the board to advise the board as to its fiduciary
responsibilities in conducting the strategic review process.

   On November 2, 2000, the Galileo board approved the engagement of JPMorgan
Securities Inc. as Galileo's financial advisor to evaluate possible strategic
alternatives for Galileo, and publicly announced the engagement of JPMorgan on
November 3, 2000.

   At a meeting of the Galileo board held on December 21, 2000, JPMorgan
reviewed its preliminary analysis of strategic alternatives available to
Galileo. JPMorgan discussed with the Galileo board its preliminary views on an
appropriate valuation of Galileo and its analysis of other related matters.
Following these discussions, the Galileo board directed JPMorgan to undertake a
more detailed valuation analysis.
On January 18, 2001, JPMorgan provided updated valuation and market analyses
to the Galileo board concerning possible strategic alternatives for Galileo and
recommended to the board that likely strategic and financial buyers be
approached to gauge their interest in a possible business combination. While no
decision had been made at that time by the Galileo board as to whether to
pursue a sale or merger of Galileo or to pursue other strategic alternatives,
the board determined that, because a sale or other disposition was an
attractive alternative, the interest of potential bidders should be explored.
At the conclusion of the meeting, the Galileo board authorized JPMorgan to
proceed to contact potential buyers and directed JPMorgan, along with Galileo
management, to prepare materials and presentations to be provided to persons
that might be interested in making proposals to acquire Galileo.

   Beginning on January 29, 2001, JPMorgan approached 16 potential buyers,
including Cendant. The companies contacted were chosen based on a variety of
factors, including perceived interest in the businesses in which Galileo
operated, familiarity with the computer reservation system industry, financial
position and ability to consummate an acquisition of Galileo. Those entities
expressing an interest in pursuing a possible transaction were asked to sign
confidentiality agreements to protect the confidential nature of the material
prepared by Galileo management to be provided to these parties. Galileo
management offered to provide the materials it had previously prepared and to
make presentations to those parties that executed confidentiality agreements.
Nine companies ultimately signed confidentiality agreements. On March 9, 2001,
Cendant and Galileo executed a confidentiality agreement.

   In February 2001, Cendant engaged Salomon Smith Barney as its financial
advisor in connection with the potential acquisition of Galileo.

   On February 5, 2001, representatives of Cendant and its financial advisor
met with representatives of JPMorgan to discuss a possible acquisition of
Galileo. At the meeting, the parties discussed Galileo's business and
operations and JPMorgan discussed the process that was being undertaken on
behalf of Galileo.

   Beginning on February 28, 2001, Galileo management provided the potential
buyers access to due diligence materials related to Galileo's business that
could be reviewed by these potential bidders. One potential bidder that had
signed a confidentiality agreement withdrew from the process before viewing
management presentations or due diligence materials. Six of the potential
bidders received management presentations and eight of the potential bidders
conducted due diligence. Cendant and its advisors began their extensive
financial, business and legal due diligence of Galileo in March 2001. Galileo's
management made its initial presentation to Cendant on April 3, 2001. Cendant's
due diligence efforts included retaining outside consultants with expertise in
the global distribution services industry, conducting meetings with Galileo
management, touring Galileo's facilities and reviewing financial and legal
documents provided by Galileo.
On April 2, 2001, JPMorgan sent letters to the potential bidders that
outlined the procedures to be followed regarding submission of offers. The
letter stated that offers were to be delivered by April 24, 2001, and were to
specify the price-per-share for Galileo common stock, both including and
excluding Galileo's Quantitude business. In addition, potential bidders were
required, among other things, to disclose the source of financing for the
transaction, a timetable for completion, and regulatory approvals that would be
required to complete the transaction. Potential bidders also received a
proposed acquisition agreement and were instructed to highlight any material
departures from the agreement's terms in their bids.

   On April 24, 2001, Cendant's executive committee received a memorandum from
its financial advisor outlining financial and business opportunities in
connection with pursuing an acquisition of Galileo. The executive committee
also received due diligence reports, including reports from its outside
consultants and legal and financial advisors. The executive committee held a
meeting to discuss whether to submit a bid to acquire Galileo. At the meeting,
Cendant's executive committee reviewed the principal terms of the proposed bid
for Galileo and discussed the reports presented by Cendant's outside
consultants and legal and financial advisors. After a full discussion of the
matters considered by the executive committee at the meeting, the executive
committee determined to submit a bid to acquire Galileo.
Three bidders, including Cendant, submitted written proposals on April 24,
2001. One additional bidder made an oral proposal which in other respects
substantially complied with the instructions provided by JPMorgan. Cendant's
proposal consisted of a tax-free exchange of $25 worth of CD common stock for
each share of Galileo common stock and a trust arrangement for Quantitude. The
trust arrangement would have placed Galileo's equity interest in Quantitude in
a trust in which the trustee would attempt to sell Quantitude to a qualified
third party and deliver the after-tax proceeds of that sale to Galileo
stockholders. In addition, Cendant's bid identified various proposed changes to
the draft agreement for the acquisition of Galileo and was conditioned upon
receiving voting agreements from Galileo's largest stockholders and an option
to purchase 19.9% of Galileo's common stock. Cendant also conditioned its bid
upon the satisfactory completion of its comprehensive due diligence
investigation.

   The other three bidders all submitted cash offers. Two of the bidders
submitted offers for the whole company and the third bidder submitted an offer
for only the global distribution services business (Galileo excluding
Quantitude).

   The Galileo board considered the proposals at meetings on April 27, 2001 and
April 28, 2001. At the April 28 meeting, the Galileo board instructed JPMorgan
to solicit an increased offer from each bidder. Two parties, including Cendant,
subsequently increased their bids.

   On April 30, 2001, Cendant presented a new proposal that retained the trust
arrangement for Quantitude and increased the offer for Galileo's core
distribution system business to $30 of CD common stock for each share of
Galileo common stock. Cendant conditioned its higher offer on access to
extensive additional due diligence information and a requirement that Galileo
negotiate exclusively with Cendant until May 21, 2001. Cendant advised Galileo
that, at the conclusion of this period, it would be prepared to make a firm
offer which would not be subject to a due diligence condition. On May 3, 2001,
Galileo agreed to negotiate exclusively with Cendant until May 21, 2001, after
considering the advice of JPMorgan that Cendant's demand for additional due
diligence was reasonable, that agreeing to the exclusive negotiating period was
necessary to keep Cendant in the process at the increased price of $30 and that
the exclusivity request was not detrimental to Galileo, in part because of
Galileo's ability to receive and respond to any other inquiries during the
period and to negotiate with any other interested parties after May 21, 2001.
From May 3, 2001 through May 15, 2001, legal and financial representatives
of Galileo and Cendant met on numerous occasions to discuss and negotiate
aspects of the proposed merger, the Quantitude trust structure, Cendant's
proposed changes to the acquisition agreement and the proposed terms of the
stock option agreement. At the same time, Cendant and its advisors provided
expanded due diligence requests to Galileo and continued to conduct extensive
due diligence on Galileo's operations. On May 15, 2001, Cendant and its
advisors provided Cendant's management due diligence reports on their findings
at a meeting at Cendant's offices in New York, New York. At the conclusion of
the meeting, Cendant's management requested that its advisors continue to
conduct additional due diligence on Galileo.

   On May 14, 2001, representatives of Cendant, along with representatives of
its outside legal counsel, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, and its
financial advisor, Salomon Smith Barney, met in New York City with senior
members of Galileo's management, representatives of Galileo's financial
advisor, JPMorgan, and Galileo's outside counsel, Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue,
to further discuss the terms of the transaction, structural matters and the
possible timing of executing the acquisition agreement. Cendant's remaining due
diligence was also discussed.

   On May 15, 2001, Galileo's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. James E. Barlett, had a telephone conversation with Cendant's Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry R. Silverman, during which the
two discussed, among other things, the strategic rationale for the proposed
transaction and the potential benefits of the proposed transaction for the
stockholders of each company.

   At a meeting held on May 17, 2001, the Galileo board discussed the status of
Cendant's revised offer and the other three proposals that had been made.
JPMorgan reviewed with the board that the four bidders had been

asked to raise their bids and that only Cendant and one other bidder had done
so. In addition, the Galileo board discussed the nature of the Quantitude trust
structure proposed by Cendant, and instructed JPMorgan to request from Cendant
a single proposal for all of Galileo, including Quantitude. JPMorgan advised
the Galileo board that Cendant likely would request an extension of its
exclusive negotiating period in order to confirm its Quantitude valuation.
JPMorgan also expressed its view that an extension by Galileo of an exclusive
negotiating period with Cendant would not hinder the continuation of the review
process or Galileo's assessment of alternatives. Accordingly, the Galileo board
agreed that an extension of the exclusivity period would be appropriate.

   On May 18, 2001, JPMorgan advised representatives of Cendant that the
Galileo board had requested a single proposal for all of Galileo, including
Quantitude. In response, Cendant requested an extension of the exclusive
negotiating period from May 21, 2001 to June 1, 2001. Galileo's representatives
responded that Galileo sought $35 per share of Galileo common stock and that,
given the exclusivity already granted to Cendant and the extensive due
diligence that Cendant had already conducted, a one week exclusivity extension
would be appropriate. Representatives of Cendant informed representatives of
Galileo that Cendant could not commit to any increased purchase price prior to
completing its due diligence investigation and that Cendant's due diligence
process was ongoing. Shortly thereafter, the parties agreed to an extension of
the exclusive negotiating period from May 21, 2001 to May 29, 2001, on the same
terms as the initial exclusivity agreement.
During the period from May 18, 2001 to May 29, 2001, numerous discussions
between the financial and legal representatives of Cendant and Galileo
continued in an attempt to finalize the structure of the potential transaction
and resolve outstanding issues regarding due diligence and the terms of the
transaction documents. During this period, Galileo commenced its due diligence
investigation of Cendant.

   During the period that Galileo was soliciting proposals for an acquisition
of Galileo, Galileo continued to analyze the potential benefits of pursuing an
acquisition of a third party and submitted a preliminary indication of interest
with regard to such a potential acquisition. However, in light of the progress
of Galileo's strategic review process, no further action was taken with regard
to such potential acquisition.

   On May 29, 2001, Cendant submitted a revised offer for all of Galileo. The
offer contained a fixed exchange ratio of 1.271 shares of CD common stock plus
an additional amount of cash, totaling 19.5% of the total merger consideration
up to a maximum of $5.85 per share, in exchange for each share of Galileo
common stock. In its bid letter, Cendant noted that, based upon a CD common
stock value of at least $19, Galileo stockholders would receive in excess of
$30 per share of Galileo common stock. Cendant also proposed converting its
travel agency segments to Galileo's system from a competing system and to
integrate Cendant's travel portal with Trip.com. Cendant's bid remained
conditioned on finalizing the merger agreement and the stock option agreement
and completion of select outstanding due diligence items. In addition,
Cendant's bid stressed the importance of having the support of Galileo's
largest stockholders.
During a conference call on the evening of May 29, 2001 between Mr. Barlett
and Mr. Silverman and various representatives of each company, Mr. Barlett and
Mr. Silverman discussed Cendant's revised offer. In addition, Mr. Silverman
advised Mr. Barlett of Cendant's view of the positive effects of the proposed
transaction for the stockholders of each company. Mr. Barlett informed Mr.
Silverman that the Galileo board would take the revised offer under advisement
at a meeting of the Galileo board the following day.

   On May 30, 2001, the Galileo board met to discuss Cendant's revised offer.
The Galileo board was advised that based on the then-current CD common stock
price, the revised offer would provide total consideration to Galileo
stockholders of approximately $29.60 per share. After considering the offer,
the Galileo board determined that it did not offer sufficient value to Galileo
stockholders to justify approval of a transaction. In addition, the Galileo
board noted that the revised offer had abandoned the fixed value consideration
to be received by Galileo stockholders in Cendant's earlier proposal in favor
of a fixed exchange

ratio. The Galileo board noted that, as a result, the value of the
consideration to be received by Galileo stockholders in the revised offer would
fluctuate with changes in the price of CD common stock. At the conclusion of
the meeting JPMorgan was authorized to communicate the view of the Galileo
board to representatives of Cendant. JPMorgan was also directed to contact the
other participants in the process and advise them to submit or revise, as
applicable, their proposals promptly if they had an interest in a transaction
with Galileo.
In response to the views of the Galileo board, Cendant revised its offer on
May 30, 2001. Its new offer still contained a mixture of stock and cash, but
the structure provided fixed value consideration to be received by Galileo
stockholders of $32 per share if the price of CD common stock traded within a
collar of $18 and $21. Total consideration to Galileo's stockholders would rise
or fall if the price of CD common stock rose or fell outside of the collar.

   At a special meeting of the Galileo board held on May 31, 2001, the Galileo
board discussed the revised Cendant offer, and determined that the revised
offer presented insufficient value and an unacceptably narrow collar of fixed
consideration. At the conclusion of the meeting, JPMorgan was authorized to
communicate the view of the Galileo board to representatives of Cendant.
Thereafter, JPMorgan communicated the Galileo board's views to Cendant and said
that the Galileo board was unwilling to sell Galileo on that basis.

   In response to the views of the Galileo board, Cendant modified its offer,
increasing the fixed value of the consideration to $32.50 per share of Galileo
common stock and widening the collar to $17.50 to $21.50 per share of CD common
stock. JPMorgan advised Cendant that the Galileo board would be unlikely to
approve a transaction where the expected consideration to be received by
Galileo stockholders was $32.50. In response, Cendant agreed to increase its
offer to provide expected consideration to Galileo stockholders of $33 per
Galileo share, but that such price was its final and best offer. Cendant also
proposed a collar of $17.50 to $20 per share of CD common stock. In addition,
Cendant proposed that both Cendant and Galileo have the right to terminate the
transaction if the price of CD common stock during the relevant period was $14
or less.