The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Pontotoc Production Inc & Ascent Energy Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER

THE OFFER

The Offer

Timing of Our Offer

Extension, Termination and Amendment

Exchange of Shares; Delivery of Cash and Our Series B Preferred Stock

Fractional Shares of Our Series B Preferred Stock

Withdrawal Rights

Procedure for Tendering

Guaranteed Delivery

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences

Reasons for the Offer; the Merger; Dissenters' Rights

Conditions of Our Offer

Regulatory Clearances

Possible Effects of Our Offer

Source and Amount of Funds

Relationships with Pontotoc

Interests of Certain Persons in the Offer and the Merger

Accounting Treatment

Fees and Expenses

THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENT


The Merger

Pontotoc Board of Directors













Treatment of Pontotoc Stock Options

Covenants and Representations and Warranties


Conditions of the Merger

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Termination Fees

Amendments

The Stockholders' Agreement

CONDENSED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ASCENT ENERGY'S BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL

CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

i

ASCENT ENERGY'S MANAGEMENT

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK

DESCRIPTION OF ASCENT ENERGY CAPITAL STOCK

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS' RIGHTS

LEGAL MATTERS

INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

RESERVE ENGINEERS

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

F-1

ANNEX A: AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

A-1

ANNEX B: OPINION OF C.K. COOPER AND COMPANY

B-1

ANNEX C: PONTOTOC ANNUAL REPORT FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2000

C-1

ANNEX D: PONTOTOC QUARTERLY REPORT FOR QUARTER ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, AS AMENDED

D-1

ANNEX E: CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS FOR 8% SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

E-1

ANNEX F: GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF NEVADADISSENTERS' RIGHTS


THIS DOCUMENT INCORPORATES IMPORTANT BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT PONTOTOC FROM DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC. THIS INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE AT THE
INTERNET WEB SITE THE SEC MAINTAINS AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV, AS WELL AS FROM OTHER SOURCES. SEE "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION" ON PAGE 5. IN ADDITION, SOME OF THIS INFORMATION IS INCLUDED IN THE
DOCUMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS PROSPECTUS AS ANNEXES C AND D.
YOU ALSO MAY REQUEST COPIES OF THESE DOCUMENTS FROM US, WITHOUT CHARGE, UPON WRITTEN OR ORAL REQUEST TO OUR INFORMATION AGENT, INNISFREE M&A INCORPORATED, 501
MADISON AVENUE, 20TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NEW YORK, 10022, COLLECT AT (212) 750-5833 OR TOLL-FREE AT (888) 750-5834. IN ORDER TO RECEIVE TIMELY DELIVERY
OF THE DOCUMENTS, YOU SHOULD MAKE YOUR REQUESTS NO LATER THAN JUNE      , 2001.

ii

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE OFFER    

Q:

What are Ascent Energy and Pontotoc proposing?

A:

Ascent Energy has entered into a merger agreement with Pontotoc to acquire all outstanding shares of Pontotoc common stock. We are offering, through Pontotoc Acquisition Corp., our wholly-owned subsidiary, to exchange
cash and shares of our Series B preferred stock as described in the next answered question for each outstanding share of Pontotoc common stock. After the offer is completed, Pontotoc Acquisition will merge with Pontotoc. As a result of the offer
and the merger, Pontotoc will become our wholly owned subsidiary.


What would I receive in exchange for my Pontotoc shares?


We are offering to exchange $9.00 in cash and one share of our Series B preferred stock having a liquidation preference of $2.50 per share for each outstanding share of Pontotoc common stock that is validly tendered
and not properly withdrawn. The shares of our Series B preferred stock being offered are convertible into our common stock as described under "Description of Ascent Energy Capital StockPreferred StockSeries B Convertible
Preferred Stock."


Who is Ascent Energy?




Ascent Energy was organized on January 9, 2001 principally for the acquisition of Pontotoc. Ascent Energy is a wholly owned subsidiary of Forman Petroleum Corporation, an independent energy company engaged in the
acquisition, exploitation, exploration, development, and production of natural gas and crude oil in South Louisiana. Concurrently with the consummation of the offer, Forman will contribute all of its assets and liabilities to Ascent Energy.
Accordingly, Forman will become a holding company. In addition, Ascent Energy plans to raise approximately $21.1 million through an offering of its 8% Series A Redeemable Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase shares of its common stock.
Ascent Energy plans to offer these securities to the existing stockholders of Forman on a pro rata basis.


What are the terms of the Series B preferred stock?


Dividends

Cumulative from the date of issuance and payable at the annual rate of 8% on a quarterly basis, commencing on the initial date of issuance.

Liquidation Preference

$2.50 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends.

Optional Conversion

Convertible at the option of the holder at any time prior to the second anniversary of the date of issuance, unless previously redeemed. The Series B preferred stock is convertible into shares of our common stock at a
conversion rate of 0.1878395 shares of common stock per share of Series B preferred stock, subject to adjustment.

Mandatory Conversion

Mandatorily convertible into common stock on the second anniversary date of the date of issuance at the same conversion rate described above.

Optional Redemption

Redeemable, in whole or in part, at our option at any time at a redemption price equal to 100% of the $2.50 preferred liquidation preference plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to the redemption date.

Voting Rights




The Series B preferred stock will be non-voting, except that the holders will be entitled to vote together as a single class on any amendments to our certificate of incorporation or certificate of designations for the
Series B preferred stock that would materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences or privilege of the Series B preferred stockholders.

Ranking

The Series B preferred stock ranks senior to our common stock and equal to our Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends and liquidating distributions. The Series B preferred stock will rank equal or senior to
any future preferred stock.


Does Pontotoc support the offer and the merger?


Yes. The members of the Pontotoc board of directors unanimously approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and the merger. The board also determined by unanimous vote that the offer is fair and in the best
interests of Pontotoc stockholders and recommends that Pontotoc stockholders accept the offer and tender their shares in the offer. Information about the recommendation of Pontotoc's board of directors is more fully set forth in Pontotoc's
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which is being mailed to Pontotoc stockholders together with this prospectus.


Has Pontotoc received a fairness opinion in connection with the offer and the merger?




Yes. Pontotoc has received an opinion from C.K. Cooper and Company dated January 19, 2001, to the effect that the consideration to be received by Pontotoc stockholders under the merger agreement is fair from a
financial point of view to the stockholders of Pontotoc. The opinion is included as Annex B to this prospectus.


Have any Pontotoc stockholders already agreed to tender their shares?


Yes. As of the date of the merger agreement, each director and executive officer of Pontotoc agreed to tender all outstanding shares of Pontotoc common stock owned by him, which represents a total of 2,023,532 shares or
approximately 38% of the outstanding common stock of Pontotoc.


What are the conditions to the acceptance of Pontotoc shares in the offer?


The acceptance of Pontotoc shares in the offer is subject to several conditions, including:


two-thirds
of the outstanding Pontotoc shares, on a fully-diluted basis, having been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn, which we
refer to as the minimum tender condition;


the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part having been declared effective by the SEC and not being the subject of any stop order or any
proceedings seeking a stop order;


absence
of any law, court order or regulatory action or proceeding seeking to delay or prohibit the offer or the merger;


Pontotoc
having not breached any covenant, representation or warranty in a material manner;


merger agreement not having been terminated in accordance with its terms;


Ascent
Energy having obtained financing for the offer (subject to liquidated damages in the amount of $2 million being payable by us if all the
other conditions have been satisfied);


Pontotoc's
total proved reserves, total proved reserves behind pipe and total proved developed producing reserves being at or above minimum predetermined
levels; and




amount of debt outstanding under Pontotoc's credit facility (net of cash, cash equivalents and amounts used to satisfy margin requirements) being no
greater than $6.8 million. 

These and other conditions to the offer are discussed in this prospectus under "The OfferConditions of Our Offer" beginning on page 43.


How long will it take to complete the offer and the merger?


We hope to complete the offer in the second quarter of 2001. We expect to complete the merger shortly after we complete the offer.


How do I participate in the offer?


To tender your shares, you should do the following:


If
you hold your shares in your own name, complete and sign the enclosed letter of transmittal and return it with your share certificates to Mellon
Investor Services LLC, the exchange agent for the offer at one of its addresses on the back cover of this prospectus.


you hold your shares in "street name" through a broker, ask your broker to tender your shares. For more information about the timing of the offer,
extensions of the offer period and your rights to withdraw your shares from the offer before the expiration date, please refer to "The Offer" beginning on page 35.


Do I have to pay any fees or commissions?


If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender your shares in the offer, you will not incur any brokerage fees. If you own your shares through a broker or other nominee who tenders the shares on your behalf,
your broker may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply.


Will I be taxed on the cash and shares of Ascent Energy preferred stock I receive?



Yes, the exchange of your Pontotoc shares for cash and shares of our Series B preferred stock will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. You will generally recognize gain or loss equal to the
difference between (a) the sum of the amount of cash received plus the fair market value of the shares of our Series B preferred stock on the date your Pontotoc shares are accepted for exchange and (b) the aggregate tax basis of the
Pontotoc shares you tendered. That gain or loss will be capital gain or loss (assuming you hold your Pontotoc shares as a capital asset) and that capital gain or loss will be long term if, as of such time, you have held the Pontotoc shares for more
than one year. If you receive the cash and shares of our Series B preferred stock in the merger, you will have the same federal income tax consequences, except that the fair market value of our Series B preferred stock will be determined as
of the effective time of the merger.


Is Ascent Energy's financial condition relevant to my decision to tender my shares in the offer?


Yes. Shares of Pontotoc accepted in the offer will be exchanged in part for shares of our Series B preferred stock and so you should consider our financial condition before you decide to become one of our
stockholders through the offer. In considering our financial condition, you should take into account that, concurrently with the consummation of the offer Forman will contribute all of its assets and liabilities to Ascent Energy. Accordingly, you
should review our audited balance sheet and the audited financial statements of Forman (as our predecessor in interest), including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this prospectus because they contain detailed business, financial and other
information about us.


Will Pontotoc continue as a public company?




No. If the merger occurs, Pontotoc will no longer be publicly owned. Even if the merger does not occur, if we purchase the tendered shares, there may be so few remaining Pontotoc stockholders and publicly held Pontotoc
shares that the shares may no longer be eligible to be quoted on the Nasdaq National Market or other securities markets, there may not be a public trading market for the shares and Pontotoc may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise cease
being required

 to comply with SEC rules relating to publicly held companies.


If I decide not to tender, how will the offer affect my shares?


If you decide not to tender your shares in the offer and the merger occurs, you will receive in the merger the same amount of cash and number of shares of our Series B preferred stock as if you had tendered your
shares in the offer, without interest.


Who should I contact if I have more questions about the offer and the merger?


You can contact our information agent, Innisfree M&A Incorporated, collect at (212) 750-5833 or toll-free at (888) 750-5834.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    

    Forman, as a voluntary filer, and Pontotoc, in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, file annual, quarterly and special
reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Pontotoc also files proxy statements with the SEC. You may read and copy this information at the following locations of the
SEC:

Public Reference Room

450 Fifth Street, N.W.

Room 1024

Washington, D.C. 20549

North East Regional Office

7 World Trade Center

Suite 1300

New York, New York 10048

Midwest Regional Office

500 West Madison Street

Suite 1400

Chicago, Illinois 60661-2511












    You
may also obtain copies of this information by mail from the Public Reference Room of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024, Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. You
may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

    The
SEC also maintains an Internet worldwide website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like Ascent Energy, Forman and Pontotoc, who file
electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. 

    We filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC the Series B preferred stock to be issued in the offer and the merger and the common
stock into which the Series B preferred stock is convertible. This prospectus is a part of that registration statement. As allowed by SEC rules, this prospectus does not contain all the
information you can find in the registration statement or the

exhibits to the registration statement. You may obtain copies of the Form S-4, and any amendments thereto, in the manner described above.

    The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document
filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus, except for any information superseded by information contained directly in this
prospectus. This prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set forth below that Pontotoc has previously filed with the SEC. These documents contain important information about Pontotoc. The
following documents, as amended, that Pontotoc has previously filed with the SEC are incorporated by reference, some of which are attached to this prospectus as Annexes C and D:

Pontotoc SEC Filings

Period

Annual Report on Form 10-KSB

Year ended March 31, 2000

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-QSB

Quarters ended December 31, 2000,

  September 30, 2000 and June 30, 2000

Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A

For 2000 Annual Meeting

Current Reports on Form 8-K

Filed on June 15, 2000, August 4, 2000 and

  March 12, 2001

SUMMARY    

This brief summary highlights selected information from this document and does not contain all of the information that should be
important to you. You should carefully read this entire document and the other documents to which this document refers you to fully understand the offer and the merger. See "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 5. In particular, you should read the documents attached to this document, including the merger agreement, attached as Annex A hereto.

Ascent Energy

    Ascent Energy was organized on January 9, 2001 principally for the acquisition of Pontotoc. Ascent Energy is a wholly owned subsidiary of Forman
Petroleum Corporation. Forman is an independent energy company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, exploitation and production of natural gas and crude oil in South Louisiana.
Concurrently with the consummation of the offer, Forman will be restructured as a holding company by contributing all of its assets and recorded liabilities to Ascent Energy, a transaction we refer to
as the "Restructuring". In addition, to help fund the Pontotoc acquisition, we plan to offer approximately $21.1 million of our Series A preferred stock and warrants to purchase our
common stock to the existing stockholders of Forman on a pro rata basis. See "Selected Historical Financial Data," "Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data," "Capitalization" and
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." In this prospectus, the terms "we," "us," and "our" refer to Ascent Energy and, unless the context otherwise
requires, gives effect to the Restructuring.

The Offer and the Merger (Page 35)

    We are proposing to acquire all outstanding shares of Pontotoc common stock. We are offering to exchange $9.00 in cash and one share of our Series B
preferred stock having a liquidation preference of $2.50 for each share of Pontotoc common stock validly tendered and not properly withdrawn on or prior to the expiration date of the offer. The
expiration date is currently June  , 2001 but we may extend the offer as described in "The OfferExtension, Termination and Amendment" on page 35.