The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Datron Systems Inc & Titan Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE TRANSACTION

    In August 1999, Datron engaged Philpott Ball & Werner, or PBW, as its
financial advisor to assist Datron in seeking strategic alternatives to maximize
stockholder value. In September 1999, Datron received from L-3 Communications
Corporation an unsolicited written expression of interest in acquiring Datron.
After consulting with the Datron board, David A. Derby, Datron's Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, arranged to meet with L-3 Communications'
management to discuss a possible acquisition of Datron by L-3 Communications.
Mr. Derby and a representative of PBW met with L-3 Communications' management in
early October 1999. After a discussion of Datron's and L-3 Communications'
businesses, Mr. Derby indicated that he would be interested in further
discussions with L-3 Communications after it had completed another acquisition
in which it was then engaged. Datron heard nothing further from L-3
Communications at that time.

    In November 1999, after an introduction made by a member of the board of
directors of Titan, representatives of Datron made a presentation to senior
executives of Titan relating to a possible transaction between the two
companies. After these presentations, Titan informed Datron that, given Titan's
engagement with several other significant transactions, Titan would not be able
to pursue a transaction with Datron at that time.
In February 2000, Datron specifically engaged PBW to find a buyer for
Datron's subsidiary, Datron World Communications, Inc., or Datron World. In
August 2000, L-3 Communications sent PBW a written expression of interest in
acquiring the assets of Datron World. In the course of discussions and due
diligence with respect to Datron World during August and September 2000, L-3
Communications again expressed an interest in acquiring not just Datron World
but all of Datron. On September 15, 2000, L-3 Communications and Datron executed
a confidentiality agreement, including a one-year standstill arrangement, with
respect to a possible acquisition of Datron. Although Datron indicated that it
would be receptive to an acquisition proposal by L-3 Communications, and
although Datron's officers made a presentation to L-3 Communications, L-3
Communications did not pursue further acquisition discussions with Datron. In
October 2000, L-3 Communications informed PBW that it would not be interested in
an acquisition transaction with Datron or in acquiring the assets of Datron
World. Throughout the discussions with L-3 Communications, Datron management
regularly advised the board about developments in the discussions.

    After exploration of opportunities to sell Datron World, the Datron board
concluded that many of the likely buyers for Datron World were either themselves
for sale or undergoing some form of reorganization and that opportunities for a
favorable sale of Datron World were limited at that time. The Datron board
decided instead to explore the possibility of acquiring another company. During
the period from April 2000 to March 2001 Datron engaged in preliminary
discussions with respect to possible acquisitions of or mergers with several
companies, but none of the opportunities were deemed suitable.
With respect to the possibility of being acquired, Datron concluded that
either there was no serious interest or the consideration suggested by such
potential acquirors did not adequately reflect the value of Datron and, in one
instance, it was doubtful that the potential acquiror had the financial
capability to complete an acquisition of Datron. With respect to the possibility
of acquiring other companies, Datron identified two possible candidates with
complementary businesses. However, after conducting more detailed financial and
business reviews of these companies, Datron concluded they represented too great
a financial and business risk.
Beginning in November 2000, Acquisitor plc, a United Kingdom company,
started accumulating shares of Datron common stock in market transactions. On
November 15, 2000, Acquisitor filed a statement on Schedule 13D with the SEC
announcing that it had beneficially acquired 7.26% of Datron's common stock and
stating that the purpose of its investment was to have open communications with
the management of Datron in order to monitor their efforts to increase
stockholder value. Acquisitor also stated in its initial Schedule 13D filing
that it may in the future take such actions with respect to its investment in
Datron as it deems appropriate including, without limitation, purchasing
additional shares of common stock in the open market or otherwise, making an
offer to purchase up to all of Datron's outstanding shares of common stock
through a negotiated transaction or otherwise, seeking to nominate a slate of
directors to Datron's board of directors or presenting proposals for
stockholders' consideration at an annual or special meeting of the Datron
stockholders. In the period of time from November 15, 2000 to February 2001,
Acquisitor continued to periodically purchase additional shares of Datron common
stock. To Datron's knowledge, currently Acquisitor beneficially owns
approximately 14.97% of Datron's outstanding common stock. Datron management has
kept the Datron board advised of Acquisitor's accumulations of Datron common
stock on a periodic basis.
On April 24, 2001, Acquisitor sent a letter to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Datron requesting, among other things, that Datron (i) appoint two
persons designated by Acquisitor to serve on Datron's board of directors,
(ii) eliminate Datron's Stockholders' Rights Plan, and (iii) amend Datron's
charter and bylaws to allow a 10% or greater stockholder to call a special
meeting of the stockholders. The April 24, 2001 letter also called for a review
of strategic alternatives available to Datron including a sale of Datron and/or
a change in Datron's management. The Datron board considered Acquisitor's letter
and determined not to comply with Acquisitor's requests. Between November 2000
and April 2001, Duncan Soukup, Acquisitor's managing director, had one meeting
and several telephone conversations with members of Datron's management to
discuss Datron's business, operations and plans. Also, during that time period,
representatives of Acquisitor and Lionheart Group, Inc., an affiliate of
Acquisitor, contacted Datron's officers to discuss publicly available
information about Datron. Datron management kept the Datron board informed of
significant events associated with Acquisitor. On May 18, 2001, in a letter
addressed to Datron, Acquisitor notified Datron that Acquisitor intended to
nominate four of its designees for election to the Datron board and to conduct a
proxy contest to elect Acquisitor's designees to the Datron board. In a separate
letter to the board of directors of Datron, also dated May 18, 2001, Acquisitor
offered, among other things, not to solicit proxies to replace members of the
Datron board if Datron engaged an investment bank with a proven track record in
aerospace, defense and communication industries acceptable to Acquisitor,
redeemed Datron's poison pill and included two of Acquisitor's nominees in
Datron's slate of nominees for director. The Datron board considered and
declined to accept Acquisitor's proposal. Before the board's decision to decline
Acquisitor's proposal was conveyed to Acquisitor, Acquisitor withdrew its offer
to not solicit proxies for its board nominees in a letter dated May 31, 2001. On
June 22, 2001, Acquisitor filed preliminary proxy materials with the SEC for the
purpose of contesting the election of Datron's nominees to the board and
electing Acquisitor's own nominees.
On March 23, 2001, Mr. Derby received an unsolicited letter from BNP
Paribas, a financial advisor based in New York, seeking information about
Datron, and inquiring whether Datron would be interested in discussions about a
possible transaction. In a subsequent telephone conversation BNP Paribas
identified its client as Zodiac SA, a company domiciled in France. On April 9,
2001, Mr. Derby met with representatives of BNP Paribas. On May 18, 2001, Zodiac
signed a confidentiality agreement, including a one-year standstill arrangement,
with Datron, and on May 24, 2001 Zodiac received a confidential memorandum
describing Datron's business. A meeting between representatives of Datron and
representatives of Zodiac was scheduled for June 18 and 19, 2001 to take place
in Paris during Mr. Derby's business trip to Paris in connection with the Paris
Air Show. That meeting was canceled by Datron on June 18, 2001 after Datron
signed a no-shop agreement with Titan.

    On May 1, 2001, Dr. Gene Ray, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Titan,
called Mr. Derby to request a meeting to discuss the potential synergies between
Titan's e-tenna technology and Datron's mobile satellite communication products.
On May 3, 2001, Dr. Ray sent Mr. Derby materials on e-tenna, together with a
proprietary information agreement that Mr. Derby signed and returned to Titan.

    On May 8, 2001, a newspaper article about Acquisitor's acquisition of Datron
common stock was published in the San Diego Union-Tribune. On May 9, 2001,
Dr. Ray called Mr. Derby to inquire about the San Diego Union-Tribune article
and to inquire about Acquisitor's intentions. Dr. Ray and Mr. Derby agreed to
meet the next day.

    On May 10, 2001, Dr. Ray and Mr. Derby met in Vista, California and
discussed each company's business plans and strategies. On the same day,
Mr. Derby and Dr. Ray executed a confidentiality agreement, including a one-year
standstill arrangement, in connection with a possible acquisition transaction
between Titan and Datron, and Mr. Derby provided to Dr. Ray certain Datron
financial information. Dr. Ray and Mr. Derby agreed to meet again on May 18,
2001.

    On May 18, 2001, Mr. Derby and William Stephan, Chief Financial Officer of
Datron, met at Titan's offices with Dr. Ray and Mellon Baird, Chief Executive
Officer of Titan Systems Corporation, a subsidiary of Titan, to discuss various
aspects of Datron's business and strategies. At that meeting Datron provided to
Titan certain business forecast data, and Dr. Ray expressed Titan's interest in
pursuing an acquisition of Datron.

    On May 31, 2001, in a telephone conversation between Dr. Ray and Mr. Derby,
Dr. Ray proposed that Titan acquire Datron in a stock-for-stock transaction.
Mr. Derby responded that Datron would consider Titan's proposal.

    On June 1, 2001, Messrs. Derby and Stephan met with Dr. Ray and Eric
DeMarco, Titan's Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Stephan presented an analysis of
anticipated cost savings that would result from a business combination of Datron
and Titan. Messrs. Derby, Stephan and DeMarco and Dr. Ray discussed the general
structure of a stock-for-stock transaction, including pricing terms.

    Later in the day, on June 1, 2001, Mr. Derby received a fax from Acquisitor
with an attached letter from L-3 Communications addressed to Acquisitor. The
letter contained L-3 Communications' expression of interest in a possible
acquisition of the assets of Datron. Dr. Ray called Mr. Derby later that day and
offered specific pricing terms for Titan's acquisition proposal. At that time,
Mr. Derby informed Dr. Ray that Datron had received an expression of interest
from another company. Dr. Ray informed Mr. Derby that Titan would provide Datron
a written expression of interest by June 4, 2001.
On June 4, 2001, Datron received Titan's written expression of interest in
acquiring Datron in a stock-for-stock transaction. The expression of interest
included pricing terms and an adjustment mechanism, or collar, that would adjust
the exchange ratio in response to changes in the average price of Titan stock
over a specified period of time. Later that day, Datron convened a special
telephonic meeting of the Datron board. Representatives of PBW and Heller Ehrman
White & McAuliffe LLP, Datron's legal counsel, participated in the meeting and
provided financial and legal advice to the Datron board. The Datron board
discussed the expression of interest from L-3 Communications and reviewed the
prior history of discussions with that company. The Datron board then reviewed
and discussed Titan's written expression of interest. The Datron board also
considered other possible options available to Datron, including the fact that
Datron had preliminary discussions with financial advisors for Zodiac. At the
end of the meeting, the board unanimously authorized Datron's management to
proceed with negotiations with Titan as expeditiously as possible. PBW was
instructed to contact L-3 Communications and request that L-3 Communications
clarify its proposal and communicate directly with Datron's management rather
than with Acquisitor, which was not authorized to receive acquisition proposals
on behalf of Datron.

    On June 6, 2001, Titan and its outside legal counsel, Cooley Godward LLP,
began a due diligence review of Datron. Simultaneously, Cooley Godward began
drafting definitive acquisition documents. On June 7, 2001, PBW conducted a due
diligence review of Titan and reported to Datron's management the results of its
review. On June 8, 2001, Datron's management conducted additional due diligence
with respect to Titan.
On June 9, 2001, Titan provided to Datron for review drafts of the
definitive acquisition documents. Between June 13 and June 22, 2001, senior
management and the legal advisors of Titan and Datron conducted a series of
discussions of the terms of the acquisition agreements during several meetings
and conference calls.

    On June 11, 2001, Datron received a letter from L-3 Communications addressed
to Datron. The letter contained an expression of interest in a transaction
pursuant to which L-3 Communications would acquire substantially all of the
assets and assume the liabilities of Datron for approximately $52.0 million in
cash. The expression of interest included a number of assumptions and
contingencies including completion of confirmatory due diligence and the
assumption that Datron would have
$11.0 million of cash on hand and debt of $3.0 million. In that letter, L-3
Communications also requested that Datron agree to a 60-day exclusive
negotiation period with L-3 Communications and a break-up fee of $3.0 million
payable in the event of a breach of the exclusivity arrangement. On June 13,
2001, in a letter on behalf of Datron, PBW responded to L-3 Communications that
(i) a transaction involving the sale of assets would have an adverse tax
consequence for Datron and its stockholders, (ii) a 60-day period of exclusive
negotiations with L-3 Communications would not be acceptable to Datron, and
(iii) a break-up fee would only be appropriate in a definitive agreement and not
in connection with an agreement to negotiate exclusively with L-3
Communications. The PBW letter also informed L-3 Communications that Acquisitor
was not an authorized representative of Datron. On June 14, 2001, L-3
Communications orally advised PBW that it would modify its cash for assets
proposal and would propose to acquire all of Datron's common stock for
approximately $52.0 million in cash. L-3 Communications would require Datron to
agree to a 45-day exclusivity period but would defer requiring a $3.0 million
break-up fee until execution of a definitive agreement. The other assumptions
and contingencies would remain as expressed in L-3 Communications' June 11, 2001
letter.