Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Parent' and 'Company':
This
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this "Schedule TO") relates to the offer by Salmon Acquisition, Inc., an Oregon corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Monaco Coach Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), to purchase all the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "Shares") of SMC Corporation, an Oregon corporation (the
"Company"), at a purchase price of $3.70 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated
July 5, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal, copies of which are filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and (a)(1)(B), respectively. This
Schedule TO is being filed on behalf of Purchaser and Parent.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Offer':
Salmon Acquisition, Inc., an Oregon corporation (the "Purchaser") and wholly owned subsidiary of Monaco Coach Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), hereby offers to purchase all the outstanding shares of common stock (the "Shares") of SMC Corporation, an Oregon corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $3.70 per Share, net to the
seller in cash, without interest thereon (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together
with any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer").

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'McDonald':
MCDONALD
INVESTMENTS INC. ("MCDONALD") HAS ACTED AS THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR. THE OPINION OF MCDONALD DATED JUNE 25, 2001 THAT, AS OF SUCH DATE, THE CONSIDERATION
TO BE RECEIVED IN THE OFFER AND THE MERGER

The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between SMC Corp & Monaco Coach Corp:

11.  Contacts and Transactions with the Company; Background of the Offer  

    On February 16, 2001, the Company issued a press release disclosing that the Company had retained McDonald as its financial advisor to explore strategic
alternatives for the Company. 

    On
March 13, 2001, McDonald contacted Parent to determine whether Parent might be interested in pursuing an acquisition of or other potential business combination with the
Company. Parent indicated that it might be interested in such a transaction and, on March 21, 2001, Parent and McDonald, acting on behalf of itself and as agent for the Company, entered into a
confidentiality agreement concerning information to be provided to Parent by McDonald and the Company. After signing the confidentiality agreement on March 26, 2001, McDonald provided general
information and financial information concerning the Company to Parent for the purposes of determining whether it might be interested in
pursuing a transaction with the Company. Parent retained Salomon Smith Barney as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with a possible transaction involving the Company. 

    Following
review of the information provided to it, and review of public information about the Company, on April 27, 2001 Parent provided to Mathew M. Perlot, Chairman
of the Company, in care of McDonald, a non-binding indication of interest in acquiring the Company subject, among other things, to satisfactory completion of a due diligence process and execution of a
definitive agreement. McDonald responded by indicating that the Company was interested in having further discussions with Parent.
Senior
management of Parent and the Company, together with representatives of McDonald and Salomon Smith Barney, Stoel Rives LLP ("Stoel Rives"), legal advisors to the Company,
PricewaterhouseCoopers, independent auditors of Parent, and Ball Janik LLP, legal advisors to Mr. Perlot and Curtis W. Lawler, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, attended a meeting
on May 10, 2001 at the offices of Stoel Rives in Portland, Oregon. The parties discussed a potential acquisition of the Company by Parent and the form such an acquisition might take, which
discussion primarily focused on a potential purchase of all of the equity interest in the Company by Parent. The 

Company indicated at that meeting that an acquisition by Parent of the assets of the Company would not be acceptable. At the meeting, it was agreed that Parent would be given further access to the
Company's business information and the due diligence process began immediately. 

    Also
on May 10, 2001, management of Parent and Parent's representatives were granted access to a data room which contained due diligence information about the Company.

    At
a regular meeting of Parent's Board of Directors held on May 17, 2001, a possible transaction with the Company was discussed. Messrs. Kay L. Toolson, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, John W. Nepute, President, Richard E. Bond, Senior Vice President, Secretary and Chief Administrative Officer, and P. Martin Daley, Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of Parent, attended the meeting. Management discussed the findings of its due diligence to date and discussion ensued regarding the potential merits and risks of such a
transaction. The Board affirmed the authority of Parent's officers to proceed with its due diligence process and authorized management to proceed with its investigation of a possible business
transaction with the Company and negotiation of the terms of such a transaction. The Board of Directors indicated to management that the transaction should be structured as a cash tender offer. 

    During
the latter half of May and the first half of June, Parent continued its due diligence investigation of the Company, including visits to the Company's manufacturing facilities.
On May 16, 2001, Stoel Rives sent an initial draft merger agreement to Parent and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
("WSGR"), counsel to Parent. On June 13, 2001, WSGR sent a revised version of the draft merger agreement to Stoel Rives reflecting comments by WSGR and Parent.
plant visits and evaluation of the items presented in the data room and throughout the diligence process, and following receipt of a revised version of the draft merger
agreement, on June 18, 2001, Parent's Board of Directors held a special telephonic meeting. Messrs. Toolson, Nepute, Bond and Daley, as well as representatives of WSGR, participated in the
telephone meeting. Management presented the results of the due diligence investigation of the Company. Discussion ensued regarding the benefits and risks of a potential business combination with the
Company and potential valuations of the Company. At the conclusion of the meeting, Parent's Board of Directors authorized Parent and its officers to make an offer to acquire the Company in the form of
a cash tender offer up to a given per share price ceiling, to negotiate, execute and deliver a definitive acquisition agreement, and to that end to make all related filings with the Commission and
take all other appropriate actions in furtherance of the foregoing. 

June 18, pursuant to the Board's authorization and at Parent's direction, Salomon Smith Barney conveyed an offer to the Company. On June 19, Mr. Toolson subsequently
held a telephone conversation with Mr. Perlot to discuss Parent's offer. After some price negotiation, and upon Mr. Perlot's agreement to reduce certain retirement payments which would
have been due to him and to Mr. Lawler from the Company pursuant to certain retirement agreements between the Company and each of Mr. Perlot and Mr. Lawler, Mr. Toolson and Mr.
Perlot ultimately agreed on an acquisition price of $3.70 per Share for all outstanding shares of the Company in the form of a cash tender offer and back end merger, subject to approval by the
Company's Board of Directors. 

    Legal
advisors to each of the Company and Parent negotiated the terms of the Merger Agreement throughout the week of June 18.

June 21, 2001, the Company's Board of Directors held a meeting at which the Company's legal advisors and management updated the Company's Board of Directors on the status of
negotiations with Parent and informed the Board of Directors that nearly all substantive issues had been resolved, the Company's legal advisors made a presentation to the Board of Directors regarding
the fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors and reviewed with the Board of Directors the terms of the proposed merger agreement with Parent and the regulatory filings and approvals that would be
required in connection 

with the proposed transaction, and McDonald made a financial presentation to the Board of Directors and rendered its written opinion to the Board of Directors to the effect that, as of that date, the
per Share consideration was fair to the Company shareholders from a financial point of view. The Board of Directors adjourned its meeting and agreed to meet again on June 22, 2001. 

    The
Company's Board of Directors met again on June 22, 2001. The Company's legal advisors and management updated the Board of Directors on the status of negotiations with Parent and
informed the Board of Directors that all substantive issues had been resolved. Afterwards, the Board of Directors by a unanimous vote of the directors present determined the Merger was fair to, and in
the best interests of, the Company and its shareholders and approved the terms of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the agreement, and authorized the execution of the Merger
Agreement and recommended that Company shareholders tender all their shares in the Offer. 

June 22, 2001, the last trading day before the Merger Agreement was signed, the closing price of Company Common Stock was $3.00 per Share.

Saturday, June 23, 2001, Parent and the Company executed the Merger Agreement. Mr. Perlot and Mr. Lawler, who together own approximately 70% of the Company's outstanding
Common Stock, executed and delivered the Shareholder's Agreements agreeing to tender their Shares in the Offer. The agreement was announced in separate press releases issued by each of Parent and the
Company prior to the open of the stock exchanges on Monday, June 25, 2001. 

the Offer, Parent intends to have ongoing contacts and negotiations with the Company and its directors, officers and shareholders. Other than as to Mr. Richard A.
Rouse, a director of Parent, who bought 5,000 Shares of the Company on October 21, 1998 at $5.00 per Share and sold all those Shares at a loss on June 15, 2000 for $3.1187 per Share, and
as to Mr. Kay L. Toolson, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Parent, who bought 10,000 Shares of the Company on dates ranging from October 16 to October 20, 1998
at an average purchase price of $4.99 per Share and sold all those Shares, along with an additional 100 Shares previously acquired by Mr. Toolson in 1995, at a loss on July 28, 2000 for
$3.25 per Share, to the knowledge of Parent and Purchaser, there have not been any transactions during the past two years between Parent or Purchaser or their executive officers or directors on the
one hand and the Company or any of its affiliates or any executive officer or director of the Company on the other hand that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Commission. 

12.  Purpose of the Offer; the Merger Agreement; Plans for the Company  

Purpose


    The purpose of the Offer and Merger is to enable Parent to acquire the entire equity interest in, and thus control of, the Company. The Offer, as the first
step in the acquisition of the Company, is intended to facilitate the acquisition of all the outstanding Shares or, if less, all Shares tendered and not withdrawn from the Offer, subject to the
conditions set forth above. The purpose of the Merger is to acquire any and all outstanding Shares not tendered and purchased pursuant to the Offer. 

Plans for the Company  

    If the Minimum Condition and the other conditions to the Offer have been satisfied and Purchaser purchases all shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, Parent
intends and will have the right to designate representatives to the Company's Board of Directors who will constitute a majority thereof and therefore control the Company. Following completion of the
Offer and the Merger, Parent intends to integrate the Company's operations with those of Parent under the direction of Parent's management. Parent's principal reason for acquiring the Company is to
complement Parent's operations and increase Parent's share of the Class A motor coach market. Parent intends to continue to review the Company 

and its assets, corporate structure, dividend policy, capitalization, operations, properties, policies, management and personnel and to consider, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, what, if
any, changes would be desirable in light of the circumstances then existing, and reserves the right to take such actions or effect such changes as it deems desirable. 

The Merger Agreement


    The Merger Agreement provides that, following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions described below under "Conditions to the Merger", Purchaser will be
merged with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation, and each issued Share (other than Shares owned by Parent, Purchaser, or the Company, or by a subsidiary of Parent,
Purchaser or the Company, or by those shareholders, if any, who are entitled to and who properly exercise appraisal rights under Oregon law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per
Share paid pursuant to the Offer in cash, without interest thereon.
Vote Required to Approve Merger.
  The Oregon Business Corporation Act (the "OBCA") requires that, unless Purchaser has
acquired 90% or more of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Merger must be approved by the holders of a majority of the shares of the Company's stock outstanding and entitled to vote on the
question. Other than the Shares, there are no shares of any class of the Company's stock outstanding and the Company's Restated Articles of Incorporation do not contain any provision that would reduce
the vote required by the Company's shareholders for approval of the Merger. Consequently, the Company will call and hold a meeting of its shareholders promptly following the consummation of the Offer
for the purposes of voting upon the approval of the Merger. At such meeting all Shares then owned by Parent or Purchaser will be voted in favor of the approval of the Merger. If Purchaser
acquiresthrough the Offer, the Merger Agreement or otherwisevoting power with respect to a majority of the outstanding Shares (which would be the case if the Minimum
Condition (as defined on the cover of this Offer to Purchase) were satisfied and Purchaser were to accept for payment Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer), it would have sufficient voting power to
effect the Merger without the affirmative vote of any other shareholder of the Company. The Company's
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mathew M. Perlot, and its Chief Executive Officer, Curtis W. Lawler, who together hold approximately 70% of the Shares outstanding on June 23, 2001, have
agreed with Parent to tender all of their shares in the tender Offer.
Conditions to the Merger.
  The Merger Agreement provides that the respective obligations of each party to effect the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including the following: (a) the Offer shall have been completed; (b) if required (i.e. if, following completion
of the Offer Purchaser owns less than 90% of the Shares), the Merger shall have been approved by a majority of the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the OBCA (the "Company Shareholders
Approval") prior to the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time"); and (c) no order, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, stay, decree, judgment or injunction shall have been
enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any court or other any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof or any entity, authority or body exercising executive,
legislative, judicial or regulatory functions of or pertaining to government, including, without limitation, any governmental or regulatory authority, agency, department, board, commission or
instrumentality, any court, tribunal or arbitrator and any self-regulatory organization (a "Governmental Authority") which prohibits or prevents the completion of the Merger (collectively,
"Restraints") which has not been vacated, dismissed or withdrawn prior to the Effective Time. 

    Termination of the Merger Agreement.
  The Merger Agreement may be terminated, and the Offer and the Merger may be
abandoned, at any time prior to the Effective Time of the Merger: 

    (a) by
mutual written consent of Parent and the Company (
provided
 that after completion of the Offer and the election to
the Company's Board of Directors of the directors designated by Parent (the "Board Designation Date"), the unanimous vote of the Independent Directors (as defined under "Board of Directors") shall
also be required);

    (b) by
either Parent or the Company if any Governmental Authority shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently enjoining,
restraining or otherwise prohibiting the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and such order, decree or ruling or other action shall have become final and nonappealable; 

    (c) by
Parent if: 

     (i) the
Company shall have breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its covenants or other agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, which
breach or failure to perform is incapable of being cured or has not been cured within 5 days after the giving of written notice thereof to the Company (but not later than the expiration of the
period, if any, by which the Offer is extended by Purchaser);
(ii) any
representation or warranty of the Company shall not have been true and correct when made (without for this purpose giving effect to qualifications of
materiality contained in such representation and warranty), if such failure to be true and correct, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a "Material Adverse Effect",
which is defined to mean any change, effect or circumstance that, individually or when taken together with all other similar changes, effects or circumstances that have occurred during the period
relevant to the determination of such Material Adverse Effect, is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, assets (including intangible assets), financial condition or results
of operations of the Company and any Company's subsidiaries or Parent and its subsidiaries, as the case may be, in each case taken as a whole; 
provided,
however
, that effects of changes that arise from (i) any changes in economic, regulatory, or political conditions generally, (which changes do not disproportionately
affect the Company in a material way), (ii) the United States securities markets, (iii) compliance with the Merger Agreement or pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement and (iv) the effect of the public announcement of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including any effect on customers or employees of the Company,
shall be excluded from the definition of "Material Adverse
Effect" and from any determination as to whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or may occur; or