Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Parent':
This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this "Schedule TO") is filed by
Adam Acquisition 2001 Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser"), and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Parent"). This Schedule TO relates to the offer by Purchaser to purchase all
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, including the
associated preferred share purchase rights (together, the "Shares"), of Cardiac
Pathways Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a purchase
price of $5.267 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated July 10, 2001 (the
"Offer to Purchase") and in the related Letter of Transmittal, copies of which
are attached hereto as Exhibits (a)(1)(i) and (ii) (which, together with the
Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements hereto and thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer"). The information set forth in the Offer to
Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal is incorporated herein by
reference with respect to Items 1-9 and 11 of this Schedule TO. The Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), among
Parent, Purchaser and the Company, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (d)(i)
hereto is incorporated herein by reference with respect to Items 5 and 11 of
this Schedule TO.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'WSGR':
Between June 6 and June 15, 2001, representatives of Parent and Cardiac
Pathways, together with their outside respective legal counsel, Shearman &
Sterling and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation
("WSGR"), participated in several telephone calls regarding the structure of the
proposed transaction.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Cardiac Pathways':
We are seeking to purchase all the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share, including the associated preferred stock
purchase rights, of Cardiac Pathways Corporation ("Cardiac Pathways" or the
"Company"). See the "Introduction" and Section 1.

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'Board':
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY (THE "BOARD") HAS UNANIMOUSLY (i)
DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED HEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING EACH OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER (AS DEFINED
HEREIN), AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENTS (AS
DEFINED HEREIN) ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTEREST OF, THE HOLDERS OF SHARES,
(ii) APPROVED, ADOPTED AND DECLARED ADVISABLE THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING EACH OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER
AND (iii) RESOLVED TO RECOMMEND THAT THE HOLDERS OF SHARES ACCEPT THE OFFER AND
TENDER SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER AND, IF APPLICABLE, VOTE THEIR SHARES IN
FAVOR OF THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Cardiac Pathways Corp & Boston Scientific Corp:

10. BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; CONTACTS WITH THE COMPANY; THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
RELATED AGREEMENTS.

     On an ongoing basis, management of Parent identifies candidates for
acquisitions, business combinations or strategic alliances in order to further
its strategic plan and strengthen its existing core businesses.

     As part of the foregoing, from April 1999 to June 1999, Parent and Cardiac
Pathways conducted preliminary discussions and negotiations regarding a
potential business combination transaction. In June 1999 these discussions
terminated as a result of the parties' inability to agree on the terms of a
transaction.

     In early October 2000, a representative of Parent contacted a
representative of Cardiac Pathways to express Parent's interest in a potential
business combination transaction with Cardiac Pathways. During the period from
October 2000 until November 2000, the respective representatives of Parent and
Cardiac Pathways engaged in discussions with respect to a potential business
combination transaction between Parent and Cardiac Pathways. In connection with
these discussions, on October 10, 2000, Parent and Cardiac Pathways entered into
a confidentiality agreement, and Parent and its legal advisors conducted a
preliminary due diligence investigation of Cardiac Pathways. In November 2000
these discussions terminated as a result of the parties' inability to agree on
the terms of a transaction.
On April 19, 2001, a representative of Dain Rauscher contacted David Milne,
Director -- New Business Development of Parent, to discuss a potential business
combination transaction between Parent and Cardiac Pathways.

     On May 1, 2001, Lawrence Best, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Parent, and Thomas Coen, President of EP Technologies (a division of
Parent) and Mr. Milne met in Natick, Massachusetts with Thomas Prescott,
President and Chief Executive Officer of Cardiac Pathways, Eldon Bullington,
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Cardiac Pathways and
other representatives of Cardiac Pathways and a representative of Dain Rauscher.
At that meeting, representatives of Cardiac Pathways presented the business plan
and existing technology platforms of Cardiac Pathways and gave a financial
overview of Cardiac Pathways.

     During the period from May 15 through June 6, 2001, representatives of
Parent engaged in further discussions by telephone conference call with
representatives of Cardiac Pathways regarding a proposed business combination
transaction between Parent and Cardiac Pathways.

     On May 18, 2001, Parent delivered an initial draft letter setting forth
Parent's preliminary non-binding expression of interest in purchasing all the
fully diluted equity interests of Cardiac Pathways.

     Between May 23 and June 6, 2001, the parties and their advisors continued
to negotiate the terms on which Cardiac Pathways would be prepared to proceed
with a business combination transaction with Parent.

     On June 6, 2001, Mr. Best, on behalf of Parent, and Mr. Prescott, on behalf
of Cardiac Pathways, executed a letter setting forth Parent's preliminary
non-binding expression of interest in purchasing all the fully diluted equity
interests of Cardiac Pathways for $115 million in cash, and containing the
agreement of Cardiac Pathways to negotiate exclusively with Parent regarding the
proposed acquisition until June 30, 2001.
Between June 6 and June 15, 2001, representatives of Parent and Cardiac
Pathways, together with their outside respective legal counsel, Shearman &
Sterling and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation
("WSGR"), participated in several telephone calls regarding the structure of the
proposed transaction.

     On June 12 and June 13, 2001, representatives of Parent and representatives
of Shearman & Sterling conducted legal due diligence at a data room at the
offices of WSGR in Palo Alto, CA. On the same dates, James Taylor, Senior Vice
President -- Corporate Operations of Parent, Robert MacLain, Senior Vice
President -- Human Resources of Parent, Vance Brown, Corporate Counsel of Parent
and Messrs. Coen and Milne met at WSGR's offices in Palo Alto, CA with Messrs.
Prescott and Bullington as well as additional members of Cardiac Pathways'
management team to conduct business and operational due diligence, which
included an on-site technology demonstration at Cardiac Pathways' Sunnyvale, CA
facility. Representatives of Parent and Shearman & Sterling continued their due
diligence investigation over the next few weeks.

     On June 15, 2001, Shearman & Sterling delivered drafts of the Merger
Agreement and the Stockholder Agreements to Cardiac Pathways, WSGR and Dain
Rauscher.

     On June 20, 2001, Messrs. Best, Milne, Knopf and Brown and representatives
of Shearman & Sterling met in the New York offices of Shearman & Sterling with
Messrs. Prescott and Bullington and representatives of WSGR and Dain Rauscher to
negotiate the terms of the proposed transaction, including the terms of the
Merger Agreement and Parent's requirement that stockholders of Cardiac Pathways
holding more than a majority of the outstanding voting securities of Cardiac
Pathways enter into Stockholder Agreements with Parent.
On June 22, 2001, copies of the Merger Agreement and the Stock Purchase
Agreement were forwarded on a confidential basis to Davis Polk & Wardwell,
outside legal counsel to Cardiac Pathways' stockholders affiliated with Morgan
Stanley and Bank of America Ventures.

     On June 25, 2001, Mr. Bullington and representatives of WSGR contacted
representatives of Van Wagoner Capital Management, Cardiac Pathways' largest
single stockholder, on a confidential basis to seek its support of the
transaction. Copies of the Stockholder Agreement and the Merger Agreement were
forwarded to its outside legal counsel, Shartsis, Friese & Ginsburg LLP.

     From June 22 through June 28, 2001, representatives of Cardiac Pathways and
WSGR continued to negotiate the terms of the Merger Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreements with representatives of Parent and Shearman & Sterling by
telephone conference call. A representative of Davis Polk & Wardwell
participated in the negotiations regarding the Stock Purchase Agreement on
behalf of Cardiac Pathways' stockholders affiliated with Morgan Stanley and Bank
of America Ventures and a representative of Shartsis, Friese & Ginsburg LLP
participated in the negotiations regarding the Stockholder Agreement on behalf
of Van Wagoner.

     On June 27, 2001, the Parent board of directors met telephonically. After
discussion, which included updates on the financial and legal aspects of the
proposed transaction from members of the senior management of Parent, the Parent
board of directors unanimously approved the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, the Stock Purchase Agreement and the Stockholder Support
Agreements, and approved the forms of such agreements.
On the evening of June 27, 2001, Cardiac Pathways' Board met at WSGR's Palo
Alto, CA office (with a certain director participating by telephone) regarding
the status of the discussions with Parent. Representatives of WSGR and Dain
Rauscher participated in the meeting. Dain Rauscher reviewed with the Board its
financial analysis of the proposed transaction and advised the Board that it
would be in a position to deliver its opinion as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the Per Share Price to the holders of Shares if
asked to do so. Mr. Prescott and representatives of WSGR provided the Board with
an update on the progress of the discussions with Parent. Representatives of
WSGR updated the Board on the open issues to be negotiated and advised the Board
of its fiduciary obligations in considering the transaction. After extensive
discussion, the Board advised management and WSGR as to its positions on the
various open issues, instructed them to continue negotiating such points and to
report back to the Board at a special meeting to be held on June 28, 2001.

     On the morning of June 28, 2001, Messrs. Knopf, Brown, Prescott and
Bullington, as well as representatives of Shearman & Sterling and WSGR,
negotiated the remaining open issues. Counsel for Cardiac Pathways stockholders
affiliated with Morgan Stanley, Bank of America Ventures and for Van Wagoner
participated in the negotiation of the remaining open issues with respect to the
Stockholder Agreements.
Later on the morning of June 28, 2001, Cardiac Pathways' Board convened a
special telephonic meeting with its legal and financial advisors. During this
meeting, management and WSGR provided the Board with an update on the status of
the discussions with Parent. After discussion, Cardiac Pathways' Board
unanimously (a) determined that the Merger Agreement and the Transactions are
fair to, and in the best interests of, the holders of Shares, (b) approved,
adopted and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the Transactions, and
(c) resolved to recommend that the holders of Shares accept the Offer, tender
their Shares pursuant thereto and, if applicable, vote to adopt the Merger
Agreement. Dain Rauscher delivered to the Board its oral

opinion (which was confirmed in writing later that evening) that, as of that
date, the Per Share Price is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Shares.

     Several conference calls were conducted throughout the day and evening of
June 28, 2001 among Messrs. Best, Knopf, Brown, Prescott and Bullington, as well
as representatives of Shearman & Sterling and WSGR, during which the final
issues regarding drafting of the Merger Agreement and Stockholder Agreements
were resolved.

     On the evening of June 28, 2001, Parent and Cardiac Pathways executed the
Merger Agreement. Contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement,
Parent and the respective other parties thereto executed the Stock Purchase
Agreement and the Stockholder Support Agreements.

     On the morning of June 29, 2001, Parent and Cardiac Pathways issued a joint
press release announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement on June 28, 2001.
A joint conference call was also held on the afternoon of June 29, 2001 to
discuss the transaction.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT


     THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT,
WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, AND A COPY OF WHICH HAS BEEN FILED AS
AN EXHIBIT TO THE TENDER OFFER STATEMENT ON SCHEDULE TO (THE "SCHEDULE TO")
FILED BY PURCHASER AND PARENT WITH THE COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER.
THE MERGER AGREEMENT MAY BE EXAMINED AND COPIES MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE PLACES
SET FORTH IN SECTION 7. DEFINED TERMS USED HEREIN AND NOT DEFINED HEREIN SHALL
HAVE THE RESPECTIVE MEANINGS ASSIGNED TO THOSE TERMS IN THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     The Offer.  The Merger Agreement provides for the commencement of the Offer
as promptly as reasonably practicable, but, subject to certain exceptions, in no
event later than seven business days after the initial public announcement of
Purchaser's intention to commence the Offer. The obligation of Purchaser to
accept for payment Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer is subject to the
satisfaction of the Minimum Condition and the HSR Condition and certain other
conditions that are described in Section 14 hereof. Purchaser and Parent have
agreed that no change in the Offer may be made which decreases the price per
Share payable in the Offer, which reduces the maximum number of Shares to be
purchased in the Offer, changes the form of consideration to be paid in the
Offer, amends any other terms of the Offer in a manner adverse to the holders of
Shares, or which imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to those set forth
in Section 14 hereof.
The Merger.  The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions thereof, and in accordance with Delaware Law, Purchaser shall
be merged with and into the Company. As a result of the Merger, the separate
corporate existence of Purchaser will cease and the Company will continue as the
Surviving Corporation and will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Upon
consummation of the Merger, each issued and then outstanding Share (other than
any Shares held in the treasury of the Company, or owned by Purchaser, Parent or
any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent or of the Company and
any Shares which are held by holders of Shares who have not voted in favor of
the Merger and who shall have demanded properly in writing appraisal for such
Shares in accordance with Delaware Law) shall be canceled and converted
automatically into the right to receive the Merger Consideration payable,
without interest, to the holder of such Share.

     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each Series B Share issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and
converted automatically into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to the
liquidation preference set forth in section 6(a) of the Certificate of
Designation plus the Merger Consideration (calculated as though each Series B
Shares had been converted into Shares in accordance with the Certificate of
Designation), in each case without interest, to the holder of such Series B
Share.

     The Merger Agreement provides that the directors of Purchaser immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be the initial directors of the Surviving
Corporation and that the officers of Purchaser immediately prior to the
Effective Time will be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation.
Subject to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Certificate of
Incorporation of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, will be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation. Subject to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the By-laws
of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be the
By-laws of the Surviving Corporation.
Stockholder's Meeting.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company
shall, if required by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger, (i) duly
call, give notice of, convene and hold an annual or special meeting of its
stockholders as promptly as practicable following the purchase by Purchaser of
Shares pursuant to the Offer, or, if the Offer shall have been terminated,
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Stockholder Agreements that
would result in Parent or Purchaser acquiring a majority of the voting
securities of the Company on a fully diluted basis, for the purpose of
considering and taking action on the Merger Agreement (the "Stockholder's
Meeting"), and (ii) (A) subject to the exceptions provided in the Merger
Agreement, include in the Proxy Statement, and not subsequently withdraw, amend,
change or modify in any manner adverse to Purchaser or Parent, the
recommendation of the Board that the stockholders of the Company adopt the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and (B) use its best
efforts to obtain such adoption. If Purchaser acquires at least a majority
(after giving effect to the assumed purchase of the Series B Shares pursuant to
the Stock Purchase Agreement as though such purchase had already occurred) of
the outstanding Shares on an "as-converted" basis, Purchaser will have
sufficient voting power to approve the Merger, even if no other stockholder
votes in favor of the Merger. UPON CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
BY THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENTS, PARENT AND PURCHASER, BY VIRTUE OF THE
ACQUISITION OF APPROXIMATELY 68% OF THE OUTSTANDING VOTING SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY, WILL OWN A NUMBER OF SHARES AND SERIES B SHARES SUFFICIENT, EVEN IF NO
OTHER SHARES ARE TENDERED IN THE OFFER, TO CAUSE THE MERGER TO OCCUR WITHOUT THE
AFFIRMATIVE VOTE OF ANY OTHER STOCKHOLDER OF THE COMPANY. SEE SECTION 11.
Proxy Statement.  The Merger Agreement provides that the Company shall, if
approval of the Company's stockholders is required by applicable law to
consummate the Merger, promptly following the purchase by Purchaser of Shares
pursuant to the Offer, or, if the Offer shall have been terminated, consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Stockholder Agreements that would result
in Parent or Purchaser acquiring a majority of the voting securities of the
Company on a fully diluted basis, file with the Commission under the Exchange
Act, and use its best efforts to have cleared by the Commission promptly, a
proxy statement and related proxy materials (the "Proxy Statement") with respect
to the Stockholders' Meeting and shall cause the Proxy Statement and all
required amendments and supplements thereto to be mailed to stockholders of the
Company at the earliest practicable time. The Company has agreed, subject to the
exceptions provided in the Merger Agreement, to include in the Proxy Statement,
and not subsequently withdraw, amend, change or modify in any manner adverse to
Purchaser or Parent, the recommendation of the Board that the stockholders of
the Company adopt the Merger Agreement. Parent and Purchaser have agreed to
cause all Shares then owned by them and their subsidiaries to be voted in favor
of adoption of the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement provides that, in the
event that Purchaser shall acquire at least 90% of each of the then outstanding
Shares and Series B Shares, Purchaser and Parent will take all necessary actions
to cause the Merger to become effective, in accordance with Delaware Law, as
promptly as reasonably practicable after the Offer, without a meeting of the
Company's stockholders.
Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger.  Pursuant to the
Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed that, between the date of the Merger
Agreement and the Effective Time, unless Parent shall otherwise agree in writing
(or except as expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the schedules
thereto), the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries (the "Subsidiaries"
and, individually, a "Subsidiary") shall be conducted only in, and the Company
and the Subsidiaries shall not take any action except in, the ordinary course of
business and in a manner consistent with past practice; and the Company shall
use its reasonable best efforts to preserve substantially intact the business
organization of the Company and the Subsidiaries, to keep available the services
of the current officers, employees and consultants of the Company and the
Subsidiaries and to preserve the current relationships of the Company and the
Subsidiaries with customers, suppliers and other persons with which the Company
or any Subsidiary has significant business relations. The Merger Agreement
provides that, by way of amplification and not limitation, except as
contemplated therein, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall, between the
date of the Merger

Agreement and the Effective Time, directly or indirectly, do, or propose to do,
any of the following, without the prior written consent of Parent:

          (a) amend or otherwise change its Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation or By-laws or equivalent organizational documents;