The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Earthgrains Co & Sara Lee Corp:
    (1) Background to the Offer

  In May 2000, Sara Lee announced plans to reshape its business and to look
for opportunities to acquire companies that would enhance its three major
global businesses, including its food and beverage business. In connection
with this plan, in early April 2001, Steve McMillan, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Sara Lee, telephoned Barry Beracha, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Earthgrains, to request a meeting where the two might
discuss business opportunities between Sara Lee and Earthgrains.

  On April 30, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Beracha in St. Louis to discuss
business opportunities, including a possible acquisition of Earthgrains by
Sara Lee. On May 1, Mr. McMillan met with Blair Effron of UBS Warburg LLC in
Chicago to discuss a potential transaction with Earthgrains. On May 2, Mr.
Beracha discussed his conversation with Mr. McMillan with several members of
the Board.

  On May 22, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Beracha in New York and they agreed
that Earthgrains would provide to Sara Lee additional information and
management presentations regarding Earthgrains during the following month to
permit Sara Lee to further evaluate a possible acquisition. Mr. Beracha and
Mr. McMillan also discussed the significant terms of any transaction,
including valuation, the headquarters of Earthgrains after the consummation of
a transaction and management issues.

  On May 29, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Effron in New York to further discuss a
possible acquisition. On the same day, Sara Lee and Earthgrains entered into a
confidentiality agreement relating to the discussions among their management
and advisors.

  On June 6, 2001, in connection with continuing discussions relating to a
potential merger, members of Earthgrains management made a presentation to
management of Sara Lee concerning Earthgrains, its current and historic
financial performance and prospects. Additional meetings between certain
members of Earthgrains' management and Sara Lee's management occurred on June
8 regarding potential cost synergies in connection with a transaction.

  Between June 7 and June 27, Sara Lee and its representatives reviewed and
discussed with management of Earthgrains the business and financial condition
of Earthgrains and Sara Lee undertook its legal due diligence of Earthgrains.
On June 19, Earthgrains engaged UBS Warburg as its financial advisor with
respect to the sale of Earthgrains.

  On June 19, counsel for Sara Lee provided a draft of a merger agreement to
counsel for Earthgrains. Between June 23 and June 29, representatives of Sara
Lee and Earthgrains negotiated the provisions of the proposed merger
agreement.

  On June 26, 2001, all members of the Board participated in a conference call
which apprised the members of the progress of the ongoing discussions and
negotiations with Sara Lee. At that meeting Sullivan & Cromwell, legal advisor
to Earthgrains, reviewed the fiduciary duties of the Board in considering the
transaction with Sara Lee and reviewed the principal terms and conditions, as
well as the outstanding contractual

issues, with respect to the draft merger agreement. UBS Warburg LLC ("UBS
Warburg"), financial advisor to Earthgrains, presented financial valuation
information regarding the proposed transaction.

   On June 28, the Board of Directors of Sara Lee unanimously approved the
transaction and authorized proceeding with the Offer, the Merger and the
transactions contemplated thereby. Following the meeting Mr. McMillan met with
Mr. Beracha in St. Louis. At that meeting, Mr. McMillan proposed to Mr.
Beracha a price of $40.25 in cash for each outstanding Share.
On June 29, 2001, the Board held a special meeting at which it considered
the proposed financial terms and conditions of the Offer and the Merger. At
that meeting, Sullivan & Cromwell again reviewed the directors' fiduciary
duties in considering the proposed transaction and the principal terms and
conditions of the proposed transaction, including the principal terms and
conditions of the proposed merger agreement and the amendment to the Rights
Agreement. Members of Earthgrains' management reviewed with the Board the
historical financial performance and prospects of Earthgrains. UBS Warburg
further updated and advised the Board on financial valuation matters and
provided its opinion to the Board that, as of the date of such opinion and
subject to the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken set forth in its written opinion, the $40.25 in cash per
Share to be received by the stockholders in the Offer and the Merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to such holders. The Board then discussed the
presentations it had received at this and other Board meetings, the drafts of
the various documents received at the meeting and further discussed the terms
and conditions of other business combinations in the baking industry deemed
relevant, the scope and history of negotiations and the other matters
described below under "Reasons for the Recommendation." The Board then
declared that the Offer and Merger were fair to, and in the best interests of
the stockholders, unanimously adopted, approved and declared advisable the
Merger Agreement, the Offer, the Merger, the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement and Amendment to the Rights Agreement and unanimously
resolved to recommend that the stockholders of Earthgrains tender their Shares
in the Offer.

  Later on June 29, the Merger Agreement was executed by Sara Lee, SLC and
Earthgrains.

  On July 2, Sara Lee and Earthgrains each issued press releases announcing
the transaction.


  On July 3, SLC commenced the Offer.

  During the Offer, Sara Lee and SLC intend to have ongoing contacts with
Earthgrains and its directors, officers and stockholders.

  (2) Reasons for the Recommendation

  In making the determination and recommendation described above, the Board
carefully considered a number of factors, including without limitation, the
following:

  .  the terms and conditions of the Offer and the Merger Agreement;

  .  the financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects
     of Earthgrains;

  .  the written opinion of UBS Warburg to the Board, dated as of June 29,
     2001, that, as of the date of the opinion, the $40.25 per share cash
     consideration to be received by the holders of Shares in the Offer and
     the Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.
     The full text of UBS Warburg's written opinion which sets forth the
     assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
     undertaken is filed as Annex A hereto and is incorporated herein by
     reference. UBS Warburg's opinion is addressed only to the Board, relates
     only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the $40.25 per
     share cash consideration, and does not constitute a recommendation to
     any stockholder as to whether or not such stockholder should tender
     shares in the Offer, how to vote with respect to the Merger Agreement or
     as to any other matters relating to the Offer or the Merger.
     STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE OPINION OF UBS WARBURG CAREFULLY AND
     IN ITS ENTIRETY;
.  the trading history of the Shares since Earthgrains' initial public
     stock offering on March 26, 1996 and a comparison of that trading
     history with the stock trading histories of other companies in the
     baking industry and stock market indices that were deemed relevant;

  .  a comparison of the financial terms of the Offer and the Merger with the
     financial terms of certain other transactions in the baking industry
     that were deemed relevant;

  .  the current and prospective conditions and trends in the business
     sectors in which Earthgrains competes and anticipated effects of those
     conditions and trends on Earthgrains and its stockholders;

  .  the likelihood of the consummation of the Offer and the Merger and the
     limited conditions to the consummation of the Offer;

  .  the tax impact on Earthgrains' stockholders from their sale of Shares in
     the Offer or exchange of Shares pursuant to the Merger;

  .  the availability of, and the comparative risks and benefits to
     Earthgrains' stockholders from pursuing other strategic alternatives to
     maximize stockholder value, including remaining independent and
     executing Earthgrains' long-term strategic plan;

  .  the favorable impact of the acquisition on Earthgrains' non-stockholder
     constituencies, including employees, customers and the various
     communities in which it operates;

  .  the representation of Sara Lee that it will have sufficient funds to
     consummate the Offer and the Merger and the fact that the Offer is not
     subject to a financing condition;

  .  Sara Lee's commitment to contest and resist (including by defending any
     litigation) any action or proceeding brought by a governmental entity
     challenging the transactions;


  .  the fact that the Merger Agreement, although prohibiting Earthgrains
     from soliciting or engaging in negotiations concerning any Acquisition
     Proposal, permits Earthgrains to furnish information concerning its
     business and enter into discussions or negotiations with any third party
     in response to a written Superior Proposal; and

  .  the provisions in the Merger Agreement that require Earthgrains to pay
     Sara Lee a termination fee of $67 million if the Merger Agreement is
     terminated under certain circumstances, which the Board recognized could
     have the effect of impeding other offers, but which the Board believed
     to be within the range of reasonable termination fees provided for in
     comparable transactions and not to be a significant deterrent to
     competing offers.

  The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
Board is not intended to be exhaustive but includes material factors
considered by the Board in approving the Merger Agreement, the Offer, the
Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby and in recommending that
stockholders of Earthgrains tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer. The
Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
assign relative weights to the specific factors considered. In addition,
individual members of the Board may have given different weights to different
factors.
(c) Intent to Tender. After reasonable inquiry, to the best of Earthgrains'
knowledge, each executive officer, director, affiliate and subsidiary of
Earthgrains currently intends, subject to compliance with applicable law,
including Section 16(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, to tender all Shares held of record or beneficially owned by such
person or entity to Sara Lee in the Offer.

Item 5. Person/Assets, Retained, Employed, Compensated or Used.

  Earthgrains has retained UBS Warburg to act as its exclusive financial
advisor in connection with the Offer and the Merger. Pursuant to the terms of
this engagement, Earthgrains has agreed to pay UBS Warburg for its

financial advisory services an aggregate fee of approximately $12 million,
earned upon execution of the Merger Agreement. Earthgrains has also agreed to
reimburse UBS Warburg for reasonable expenses incurred by UBS Warburg in
performing its services, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, and to
indemnify UBS Warburg and related parties against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws, relating to or
arising out of its engagement. In the ordinary course of business, UBS Warburg
and its successors and affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of
Earthgrains and Sara Lee for their own accounts or for the accounts of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
such securities.

Item 6. Interest in Securities of the Subject Company.

  Except for exercises of stock options granted under Earthgrains' stock
option plan and the individual award agreements issued pursuant thereto and
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Offer and
the Merger, no transaction in the Shares has been effected during the past 60
days by Earthgrains or, to the knowledge of Earthgrains, any of its executive
officers, directors, affiliates or subsidiaries, except that William Stevens
purchased 4,200 Shares on May 3, 2001, 15,400 Shares on May 4, 2001 and 3,000
Shares on May 7, 2001.

Item 7. Purposes of the Transaction and Plans or Proposals.

  (a) Except as set forth in this Statement, Earthgrains is not currently
undertaking or engaged in any negotiations in response to the Offer that
relates to (i) a tender offer or other acquisition of Earthgrains' securities
by Earthgrains, any subsidiary of Earthgrains or any other person; (ii) an
extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation,
involving Earthgrains or any subsidiary of Earthgrains; (iii) a purchase, sale
or transfer of a material amount of assets of Earthgrains or any subsidiary of
Earthgrains; or (iv) any material change in the present dividend rate or
policy, or indebtedness or capitalization of Earthgrains.

  (b) Except as set forth in this Statement, there are no transactions,
resolutions of the Board, agreements in principle, or signed contracts in
response to the Offer that relate to one or more of the events referred to in
the preceding paragraph.

Item 8. Additional Information.


  (a) Delaware General Corporation Law. As a Delaware corporation, Earthgrains
is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL (the "Delaware Takeover Statute"). In
general, the Delaware Takeover Statute prevents an "Interested Stockholder"
(generally defined as a person who beneficially owns 15% or more of
Earthgrains' outstanding voting stock or who is an affiliate or associate of
Earthgrains and has owned 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of
Earthgrains at any time within the 3-year period immediately prior to becoming
an Interested Stockholder) from engaging in certain business combinations,
including a merger, with Earthgrains for a period of three years following the
time such person became an Interested Stockholder, unless, among other
exceptions, before the time such person became an Interested Stockholder, the
Board either approved the business combination or the transaction in which
such person became an Interested Stockholder. Accordingly, the Board approved
the Merger Agreement, as described in Item 4 above and, therefore, the
restrictions of the Delaware Takeover Statute are inapplicable to the Merger
and the transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement.

  Under the DGCL, if SLC acquires, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, at
least 90% of the Shares, SLC will be able to effect the Merger after
consummation of the Offer without a vote of Earthgrains' stockholders.
However, if SLC does not acquire at least 90% of the Shares pursuant to the
Offer or otherwise and a vote of Earthgrains' stockholders is required under
Delaware law, a significantly longer period of time will be required to effect
the Merger.
(b) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Earthgrains' Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires that certain business
transactions, including a merger or consolidation, with any person

who is the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the Shares (a "10% Stockholder")
or one of its affiliates or associates, be approved by a vote of not less than
a majority of the Shares, subject to certain exceptions. One such exception is
if the transaction is approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
either prior or subsequent to the acquisition of the Shares in which such
person became a 10% Stockholder. Accordingly, the Board approved the Merger
Agreement, as described in Item 4 above and, therefore, the restrictions of
the Earthgrains Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation are
inapplicable to the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement.

  (c) Information Provided Pursuant to Rule 14F-1 Under the Exchange Act. The
Information Statement attached as Annex B to this Statement is being furnished
to Earthgrains' stockholders in connection with the designation by SLC of
persons to the Board other than at a meeting of Earthgrains' stockholders, and
such information is incorporated herein by reference.

  (d) Confidentiality Agreement. Sara Lee has agreed, pursuant to a
Confidentiality Agreement, dated May 29, 2001, with Earthgrains, that it will
keep confidential all information concerning Earthgrains and its subsidiaries
that Sara Lee obtained in connection with its discussions with Earthgrains
regarding possible negotiated business arrangements. Sara Lee further agreed
that, for a period of two years following the date of the Confidentiality
Agreement, it will not acquire any securities of Earthgrains, seek to control
or influence Earthgrains' management or hire any employee of Earthgrains with
whom Sara Lee had contact during the discussions that led to the execution and
delivery of the Merger Agreement.
(e) The Rights Agreement. Each Right issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement
entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase under some circumstances
one one-hundredth of a share of Junior Preferred Stock at an exercise price of
$100 per one one-hundredth of a share of Junior Preferred Stock, subject to
adjustment. Generally, the Rights become exercisable 10 days after the earlier
of (i) the first public announcement that a person or group (an "Acquiring
Person") has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding
Shares or (ii) the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer the
consummation of which would result in that person becoming the beneficial
owner of 15% or more of the Shares (the earlier of such dates being the
"Distribution Date"). After any person becomes an Acquiring Person, each
holder of each of the Rights (other than the Acquiring Person) will thereafter
have the right to receive, in lieu of one one-hundredth of a share of Junior
Preferred Stock, such number of Shares as shall equal the result obtained by
multiplying an amount equal to the then current purchase price by an amount
equal to the number of one one-hundredths of a share of Junior Preferred Stock
for which the Rights were or would have been exercisable immediately prior to
the first occurrence of any such event whether or not the Rights were then
exercisable, and dividing that product by 50% of the current market price per
Share determined as of the date of such first occurrence. Upon the vote of the
Board, the Rights may be redeemed at a price of $.01 per Right at any time
prior to March 1, 2006 or the close of business on the 10th business day
following the first date of public announcement by Earthgrains or an Acquiring
Person that an Acquiring Person has become such.