The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Centennial Technologies Inc & Solectron Corp:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Historically, Solectron has been one of Centennial's more significant
customers. For Centennial's fiscal years ended March 31, 2000 and March 31,
1999, Centennial's sales to Solectron represented 8% and 10% of Centennial's
overall sales of PC cards and related products, respectively. Centennial's sales
to Solectron increased to 17% and 12% of Centennial's sales of these products
for the three and nine months ended December 23, 2000, respectively.
Furthermore, as of December 23, 2000, accounts payable from Solectron to
Centennial amounted to approximately $1,555,000. In December 1999, Solectron
merged with SMART, one of Centennial's competitors. To date, Centennial has not
experienced a materially adverse reduction in sales to Solectron as a result of
the Solectron merger with SMART, although Centennial cannot be sure of any
future impact on its sales.
During the Spring of 2000, Centennial had preliminary discussions with a
variety of third parties with respect to potential strategic alternatives with
these parties. None of these overtures advanced materially past preliminary
discussions and thus were not pursued by any of the relevant parties.

     On June 7, 2000, the executive committee of the board of directors of
Centennial met and L. Michael Hone, the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Centennial, informed the executive committee of the existence of these overtures
and that all related discussions had been terminated, including one with a
particular third party, Company A.

     On June 30, 2000, a number of representatives of Company A, including the
Chief Executive Officer of Company A, met with Mr. Hone and Richard J. Pulsifer,
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Centennial, in Boston
to reinitiate preliminary discussions regarding the potential of engaging in a
business combination transaction. At this meeting, the companies exchanged
business plans and limited financial forecasts and discussed the potential
synergies that could be achieved if the companies engaged in a business
combination. At the conclusion of the meeting, representatives of Company A
indicated their need to review internally the materials exchanged and determine
if they would have further interest in a business combination.

     Between July 1, 2000 and August 30, 2000, Mr. Hone and the CEO of Company A
periodically discussed a potential business combination between the two
companies. In general, no specific terms were mentioned, although occasionally
they discussed financial information with respect to both companies and the
ability to consummate a business combination that could be accounted for as a
pooling of interests for accounting purposes. It was generally understood that
Company A would indicate more clearly to Centennial if and when they developed a
serious interest in pursuing a business combination transaction.
In light of the discussions with Company A, the overtures in the Spring of
2000 and a determination by Centennial's management that the future success of
Centennial depended on either being acquired by another company or growing
through acquisitions of other businesses, with the input and approval of the
members of the Centennial board of directors, who were consulted individually,
Centennial engaged H.C. Wainwright & Co., Inc. on August 23, 2000 to serve as
financial advisor to the Company in

connection with the exploration of strategic alternatives, including a possible
sale of Centennial. H.C. Wainwright's specific responsibilities included advice
and assistance with respect to:

     - evaluating the business, operations and financial position of Centennial;

     - identifying, qualifying and facilitating discussions with potential
       parties to a significant corporate transaction;

     - structuring, planning and negotiating a significant corporate
       transaction; and

     - evaluating proposals received from potential parties to such a
       transaction.




     Subsequent to this engagement and through the Fall of 2000, H.C.
Wainwright, on behalf of Centennial, contacted several other potential strategic
partners to determine whether such parties might have an interest in pursuing a
significant corporate transaction with Centennial. During this period, H.C.
Wainwright contacted seven potential partners, including Company A and
Solectron. Discussions with four of these partners, including Company A and
Solectron, advanced to the point of executing confidentiality agreements and
delivering and/or exchanging non-public information. However, except for
developments with Company A and Solectron, no other negotiations advanced to a
material level, including the undertaking of due diligence or delivering of a
proposal for a transaction. Throughout this period, the members of Centennial's
board of directors spoke frequently with Centennial's management and with
representatives of H.C. Wainwright as to the status of the various negotiations,
their input on the attractiveness of proposals and the progress of the processes
generally. The board members approved of management's decisions and actions
during this period.
On August 30, 2000, Centennial received a term sheet from Company A,
subject to additional due diligence and negotiation, outlining tentative terms
of a proposed transaction to acquire Centennial in a stock for stock merger
valued, in the opinion of Centennial's management and members of Centennial's
board of directors, inadequately. The proposal in the term sheet also
contemplated some members of Centennial's management entering into retention and
employment contracts.

     On September 1, 2000, representatives of H.C. Wainwright discussed the
terms of the Company A proposal with the financial advisor representing Company
A and conveyed the opinion of Centennial's management that the offer was
inadequate to Centennial's stockholders. At the conclusion of the meeting,
Company A's financial advisor indicated they would discuss the possibility of
increasing the offer with Company A utilizing additional updated financial
projections. Centennial provided these projections to Company A approximately
one week after the meeting.

     Between September 14, 2000 and September 19, 2000, several conversations
took place between H.C. Wainwright and the financial advisor to Company A. These
conversations primarily focused on the inability of Company A to increase its
offer price to a level deemed to be adequate by Centennial.

     In mid-September 2000, H.C. Wainwright, at the request of Mr. Hone,
contacted representatives of Solectron to determine if they had interest in
pursuing a business combination transaction. Management of Centennial and
Solectron were generally familiar with each other as a result of business
relationships between Centennial and Solectron discussed above. Following a
preliminary indication of interest from Solectron, on September 22, 2000
Centennial and Solectron entered into a confidentiality agreement to permit the
exchange of confidential information from Centennial to Solectron for the
purpose of evaluating the merits of a potential acquisition of Centennial by
Solectron. Pursuant to the confidentiality agreement, Centennial thereafter
provided Solectron and its financial advisors, legal counsel and accountants
with confidential information concerning Centennial's business, operations and
financial condition.

     On September 27, 2000, Mr. Hone, Mr. Pulsifer and representatives of H.C.
Wainwright met with representatives from Company A and their financial advisors
in Chicago to discuss the feasibility of a possible strategic transaction
between the companies. At the meeting, the attendees discussed the business
operations of Centennial and Company A, potential synergies and their relative
customer bases. At the conclusion of the meeting, Company A indicated a strong
interest in pursuing a business combination transaction with Centennial and
would be in contact with Centennial again in the near future.
At the end of September 2000, Mr. Hone spoke again with the CEO of Company
A, during which mutual interest in a business combination between Centennial and
Company A was reconfirmed, although no additional specific terms were proposed
or agreed upon.

     On October 4, 2000, Centennial received a revised term sheet, subject to
additional due diligence, from Company A, outlining improved terms of their
proposal for a business combination transaction with Centennial. Although the
revised proposal increased the number of shares of Company A stock that would be
issued in exchange for the acquisition of Centennial, the total consideration
was still deemed to be inadequate by Centennial. The revised Company A proposal
also required that any transaction be accounted for as a pooling of interests.

     At the request of representatives of Solectron, on October 9, 2000, Mr.
Pulsifer and a representative of H.C. Wainwright participated in a conference
call with Ajay Shah, Chief Executive Officer of the Technology Solutions
Business Unit (TSBU) of Solectron, Ann Nguyen, in-house legal counsel to TSBU,
Jack Pacheco, Chief Financial Officer of TSBU, Alan Marten, Vice President and
Business Unit Manager of the Memory Products Division of SMART, and Stephen
Coghlan, Director of Corporate Development for Solectron. During the call,
Centennial's business and financial prospects and business models, and the
potential benefits of a business combination with Solectron, were discussed in
detail in order to provide Solectron with more information to facilitate their
determination of whether to move forward with the consideration of a business
combination transaction with Centennial.
On October 12, 2000, Ms. Nguyen and Mr. Coghlan met telephonically with
representatives of H.C. Wainwright to discuss potential valuation and
consideration amounts in connection with a possible offer to acquire Centennial.
Between October 13, 2000 through October 18, 2000, Ms. Nguyen and a
representative of H.C. Wainwright had several telephone conversations, during
which valuation ranges of $115 to $130 million were discussed and, based on
these discussions and the seriousness with which Solectron presented its
analysis, Centennial agreed to permit Solectron to perform limited, focused due
diligence in order to refine its range of valuations and consideration for
Centennial.

     Between October 24 and October 26, 2000, representatives of Solectron met
with the management of Centennial and continued performing due diligence at
Centennial's headquarters outside of Boston and at the offices of Goodwin
Procter LLP, Centennial's legal counsel, in Boston. At the conclusion of these
meetings, management of Solectron expressed a desire to continue to explore a
potential stock-for-stock acquisition of Centennial, but noted that it was
concerned about a perceived inability to retain key Centennial senior
management, a perceived lack of interest by other companies in Centennial and
that Centennial's growth had plateaued.

     On November 1, 2000, Ms. Nguyen and Mr. Coghlan spoke by phone with
representatives of H.C. Wainwright. They explained that based on their due
diligence review to date, Solectron was interested in pursuing a possible
acquisition of Centennial and had placed an overall value of Centennial in the
range of $105 million (assuming the transaction could be consummated using
pooling of interests accounting). However, they indicated that Solectron's
interest was contingent upon the satisfactory completion of further business and
legal due diligence. The parties did not reach any agreement at this time and
did not immediately continue discussions following the meeting.
Between November 1, 2000 and November 17, 2000, representatives of H.C.
Wainwright and Ms. Nguyen had several additional discussions regarding potential
terms of a business combination transaction and an appropriate valuation for
Centennial. Also, during this period, representatives of Centennial and H.C.
Wainwright engaged in informal conversations with one of the two other companies
who had signed confidentiality agreements with Centennial. No material
discussions or negotiations occurred with this third company, and no further
contact was made with them after the end of November 2000.

     On November 17, 2000, Solectron indicated to H.C. Wainwright that Solectron
was prepared to negotiate the acquisition of Centennial assuming a valuation of
Centennial of $100 million, to be paid in Solectron common stock, with the
number of shares to be fixed at the closing of a transaction.

     Separately, and also on November 17, 2000, the financial advisor for
Company A indicated to H.C. Wainwright that Company A was prepared to
significantly increase the consideration for Centennial's stockholders in their
proposal. However, the amount of the increase could not be determined until
Company A's management had discussed the matter with its board of directors,
which was expected to occur shortly.

     On November 21, 2000, pursuant to a series of telephone calls between Mr.
Hone and the CEO of Company A, Company A offered additional shares of Company A
common stock as consideration for the acquisition of Centennial.

     On November 27, 2000, Mr. Hone and a representative of Company A had
additional conversations concerning obtaining a possible written proposal from
Company A. On November 28, 2000, Company A sent Centennial a term sheet
outlining their latest proposal, which was substantially the same as their prior
proposals, except that it included the increased amount of consideration
contemplated by the foregoing discussions.
At a meeting of the executive committee of Centennial's board of directors
held on November 30, 2000, a representative of H.C. Wainwright updated the
executive committee on the status of Centennial's investigation of strategic
alternatives, including the discussions with Solectron and Company A. At the
meeting, the executive committee and H.C. Wainwright concluded that based on the
relative valuations of the two proposals, the then-existing offer from Company A
was superior to the latest proposal received from Solectron. It was also
discussed among the committee that Centennial's management believed that the
failure to progress further with Solectron was due in large part on the
inability to reach agreement on specific terms and provisions of an exclusivity
agreement between Solectron and Centennial, pursuant to which Centennial would
agree to negotiate exclusively with Solectron for a period of time. The
Centennial executive committee also discussed generally the continuing process
to generate additional and higher offers, and the differences in the structure
of the two proposals. Following these discussions, the Centennial executive
committee authorized Centennial's advisors to continue to negotiate with each of
Solectron and Company A, with a goal of eliciting the most attractive offer
possible.

     On December 2, 2000, H.C. Wainwright received a revised proposal from
Solectron which indicated a reduced valuation from the November 17, 2000
proposal and which was also less attractive than the existing proposal from
Company A.

     On December 6, 2000, at the authorization of Mr. Hone, who had individually
conferred with the members of the executive committee, due to the inadequacy of
Solectron's offer and their inability to reach agreement on the terms of an
exclusivity agreement, H.C. Wainwright notified Ms. Nguyen that Centennial was
terminating discussions with Solectron.

     On December 7, 2000, Mr. Shah telephoned Mr. Hone, reiterating Solectron's
continuing interest in pursuing a transaction with Centennial and that
representatives of the parties should meet. Later on December 7, 2000, at a
meeting of Centennial's board of directors, Centennial's board discussed the
proposals from Company A and Solectron during which the board authorized
representatives of H.C. Wainwright and Mr. Pulsifer to continue to negotiate
with Solectron. At this meeting, the board also discussed the apparent lack of
progress by Company A in moving forward with a potential acquisition of
Centennial. Specifically, the board was concerned that the perceived absence of
commitment to a transaction by Company A's board of directors and Company A's
failure to conduct significant due diligence raised concerns as to whether
Company A was in fact intent on moving forward with an acquisition of
Centennial. Following these discussions, the Centennial board of directors
authorized management to meet in person with Solectron concerning a potential
transaction, with the objective of obtaining a higher price and other favorable
terms.

     On December 11, 2000, Mr. Pulsifer and a representative of H.C. Wainwright
met in Fremont, California, the headquarters of TSBU, with Mr. Shah, Mr.
Pacheco, Ms. Nguyen and Mr. Coghlan. At this meeting, Solectron proposed
entering into a merger pursuant to which all the outstanding shares and
outstanding stock options of Centennial would be acquired or assumed in exchange
for 2.96 million shares of Solectron common stock. Solectron also proposed that
the terms of any merger agreement would
otherwise be customary and typical for similar public companies, including the
provisions of indemnification for Centennial's directors and officers and the
continued viability of existing employment, severance and retention agreements.
This proposal, in the view of Centennial representatives, was more attractive
than the proposal received from Company A. Solectron indicated that continued
negotiation was contingent on the entering into of an exclusivity agreement by
the parties. Centennial representatives indicated that entering into an
exclusivity agreement was dependent on Solectron providing a sample model of the
definitive merger agreement Solectron intended the companies to use and a list
of remaining due diligence issues. The model agreement and diligence list were
delivered to Centennial prior to December 13, 2000.

     On December 13, 2000, Centennial entered into an exclusivity agreement with
Solectron. Pursuant to this agreement, Centennial agreed to cease all
acquisition negotiations with all other parties and to negotiate exclusively
with Solectron until January 19, 2001.

     Later on December 13, 2000, H.C. Wainwright telephoned Company A's
financial advisor and informed it that Centennial had received a more attractive
offer and was ceasing all discussions with Company A.

     From December 14, 2000 through the middle of January 2001, members of
Solectron's management team and representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, Professional Corporation, Solectron's legal counsel, and KPMG LLP,
Solectron's independent auditors, conducted business, financial, accounting, tax
and legal due diligence and participated in discussions with Centennial, its
legal counsel and its independent auditors on various issues. Also during this
period, representatives of Solectron and Centennial met together with some of
Centennial's customers and facilitated the exchange of business, financial,
accounting and legal due diligence.