URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1161396/000089843001503109/0000898430-01-503109.txt

ed in its
charter)  

Delaware  

77-0584301  

(State or other jurisdiction of  

(Primary Standard Industrial  

(I.R.S. Employer  

incorporation or organization)  

Classification Code Number)  

Identification No.)  

2150 Gold Street  

Alviso, California 95002  

(408) 262-6599  

(Address, including ZIP Code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrants principal executive offices)  

Amnon Fisher  

Genesis Microchip Inc.  

2150 Gold Street  

Alviso, California 95002  

(408) 262-6599  

(Name, address, including ZIP Code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for
service)  

Copies to:

Selim Day, Esq.  

Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati,  

Professional Corporation  

One Market
Street,  

Spear Tower, Suite 3300  

San Francisco, California

(415) 947-2000  

Chandrashekar M. Reddy  

Sage, Inc.

1601 McCarthy Boulevard  

Milpitas, California 95035

(408) 383-5300  

John W. Campbell, Esq.  

Morrison
& Foerster LLP  

425 Market Street  

San Francisco,
California 94105  

(415) 268-7000  

         Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale of the securities to the public: 
As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective and all other conditions to the proposed merger described herein have been satisfied or waived.

         If the securities being registered on this Form
are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the following box.  
 

         If this Form is
filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering.  
 

         If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  
 

Calculation of Registration Fee  

Title of each class of  

securities to be
registered  

Amount 
to be 
registered  

Proposed
maximum
offering price
per unit  

Proposed
maximum
aggregate
offering price  

Amount of
registration fee  

Co
mmon Stock, $.001 par value  

9,015,263 shares(1)  

N/A  

$291,772,454

(2)  

$72,943  

(1)

Based upon the maximum number of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Genesis Microchip Inc. that may be issued pursuant to the merger described
herein.  

(2)

Estimated solely for purposes of determining the registration fee in accordance with Rules 457(f) and (c) based on (i) $18.48, the average of the high and low sales
prices of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Sage, Inc. on the Nasdaq National Market on October 18, 2001 and (ii) the maximum number of shares of Sage common stock to be acquired by Genesis Microchip Inc. pursuant to the merger described
herein.  

THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT THAT
SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(A) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING
PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(A), MAY DETERMINE.  

TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF GENESIS MICROCHIP INCORPORATED AND SAGE, INC.:

A MERGER PROPOSALYOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT  

          Genesis Microchip Incorporated, a Nova Scotia company, which we refer to as Genesis Microchip,
and Sage, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which we refer to as Sage, have agreed to merge. Immediately prior to the merger, Genesis Microchip will complete a conversion from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation upon which all of its
outstanding shares will be exchanged for newly issued shares of Genesis Microchip Inc., the Delaware corporation, which we refer to as Genesis Microchip Delaware. We believe that the merger will benefit the stockholders of both companies and we ask
for your support in voting for the merger proposals at our special meetings. When the merger is completed, Sage common stockholders will receive 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock for each share of Sage common stock they
own. When the conversion is completed, Genesis Microchip shareholders will receive one share of Genesis Microchip Delaware for each common share of Genesis Microchip they own.  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol
GNSS.  

          The board of directors of each of
Genesis Microchip and Sage have approved the merger and recommend that their respective stockholders vote 
FOR
 the merger proposals as described in the attached materials. In addition, the board of directors of Genesis Microchip
has approved the conversion and recommends that its shareholders vote 
FOR
 the conversion proposal as described in the attached materials. Information about the merger and the conversion is contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. 
We urge you to read this material, including the section describing risk factors that begins on page 21. 

          The dates, times and places of the meetings are as follows:  

For Genesis Microchip shareholders:  

For Sage stockholders:  

,     
a.m.  

,     
a.m.  

          Ge
nesis Microchip Inc.
Headquarters  

          Sag
e, Inc. Headquarters

0 Gold Street

1 McCarthy Boulevard

          Alv
iso, California 95002

          Mi
lpitas, California 95035

          Your vote
is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meetings, please take the time to vote by completing, signing and dating the enclosed proxy card and returning it promptly in the postage
paid envelope provided so that your shares will be represented at the special meetings.  

          We strongly support the proposed transactions and join with our boards of directors in enthusiastically recommending that you vote in favor of the proposals presented to you for
approval.  

Amnon Fisher  

Chandrashekar M. Reddy  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Genesis Microchip Incorporated  

Sage, Inc.  

          Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to be issued in the merger or determined if this joint proxy statement/prospectus is
accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.  

          This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated         , 2001 and is first being mailed to stockholders of Genesis Microchip and Sage on or
about         , 2001.  

Genesis Microchip Incorporated  

165 Commerce Valley Drive W.  

Thornhill, Ontario Canada L3T 7V8  

(905) 889-5400  

NOTICE OF SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS  

TO BE HELD
            , 2001  

To

 the Shareholders of Genesis Microchip Incorporated:  

          Notice is hereby given that a special general meeting of shareholders of Genesis Microchip Incorporated, which we refer to as
Genesis Microchip, will be held on                              , 2001 at
        a.m., local time, at its offices at 2150 Gold Street, Alviso, California 95002, for the following purposes:  

1.

to consider, pursuant to an interim order of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia dated             , 2001, and
to vote upon a proposed resolution to approve an arrangement under Section 130 of the 
Companies Act 
(Nova Scotia) that will effectively convert Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia company to a newly formed Delaware corporation, which we
refer to as Genesis Microchip Delaware. In this conversion, Genesis Microchip, a Nova Scotia company, will become an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware, and shareholders of Genesis Microchip will become stockholders of
Genesis Microchip Delaware;  

2.

to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Genesis Microchip Delaware, pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 27, 2001, by and between Genesis Microchip and Sage, pursuant to which a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware will be merged into Sage and Sage will survive the
merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware; and  

3.

to transact such other business as may properly come before the special general meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.  

          These items of business are more fully described in
the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

          All
Genesis Microchip shareholders are cordially invited to attend the Genesis Microchip special general meeting. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on
                 , 2001, the record date fixed by the board of directors, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special general meeting or any adjournment or
postponement thereof.  

        Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the special general meeting, please take the time to vote today by completing,
signing and dating the enclosed proxy and returning it promptly in the postage paid envelope provided so that your shares will be represented at the special general meeting.  

By

 Order of the Board of Directors of Genesis Microchip Incorporated  

Ontario, Canada  

                                   I. Eric Erdman  

            , 2001  

                                    Chief Financial Officer and
Secretary  

Sage, Inc.  

1601 McCarthy Boulevard  

Milpitas, California 95035  

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

TO BE HELD             , 2001  

To

 the Stockholders of Sage, Inc.:  

          Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders of Sage, Inc., which we refer to as Sage, will be held on
            , 2001 at         a.m., local time, at its offices at 1601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035, for the following purposes:

1.

to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 27, 2001, by and between Genesis
Microchip and Sage and to approve the merger described therein. Prior to the merger, Genesis Microchip will effectively convert from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation, which we refer to as Genesis Microchip Delaware. Pursuant to the
merger agreement, a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware will be merged into Sage and Sage will survive the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware. Each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of Sage will be canceled and converted into the right to receive 0.571 of a share of common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware; and  

2.

to transact such other business as may properly come before the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.  

          These items of business are more fully described in the attached joint proxy
statement/prospectus.  

          All Sage stockholders are
cordially invited to attend the Sage special meeting. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on             , 2001, the record date fixed by the board of directors, are
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof.  

          Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please take the time to vote today by telephone, via the Internet, or by completing, signing
and dating the enclosed proxy and returning it promptly in the postage paid envelope provided so that your shares will be represented at the special meeting.  

By

 Order of the Board of Directors of Sage, Inc.  

Sim

on P. Westbrook  

Ch

ief Financial Officer and Secretary  

Mi

lpitas, California  

          , 2001  

  

Page  

Questions and Answers About the Merger and the Conversion 

Summary of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus 

The Companies 

Fairness Opinions of Financial Advisors 

Recommendations of the Boards of Directors 

Interests of Sage Management in the Merger 

Share Ownership of Genesis Microchip Managemen
t  

Share Ownership of Sage Management 

The Merger Agreement 

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 

Dissenters Rights of Appraisal in the Merger 

Accounting Treatment of the Merger 

Regulatory Approvals

Genesis Microchip Delaware Board Composition 

The Conversion 

Genesis Microchip Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data 

Sage Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data

Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Data 

Comparative Historical and Pro Forma Per Share Data 

Comparative Per Share Market Price Data 

Structure of the Conversion and the Merger

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information

Risk Factors 

Risks Related to the Merger 

Risks Related to the Combined Companys Business Following the Merger

Risks Related to the Conversion of Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia Company to a Delaware 
               Corporation 

The Special General Meeting of Genesis Microchip Shareholders 

General 

Date, Time and Place 

Purpose of the Special General Meeting 

Record Date for the Special General Meeting 

Vote Required 

Quorum and Non-Registered Shareholders 

Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

Voting of Proxies at the Special General Meeting and Revocation of Proxies 

Dissenting Shareholder Rights 

Other Matters 

Share Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Shareholders 

Recommendation of the Genesis Microchip Board of Directors 

The Special Meeting of Sage Stockholders 

General 

Date, Time and Place 

Purpose of the Special Meeting 

Record Date for the Special Meeting 

Vote Required 

Quorum, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

  

(continued)

Page  

          So
licitation of Proxies and Expenses

          Vo
ting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and
Revocation of Proxies  

Dissenting Stockholder Rights 

Other Matters 

Share Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners 

The Merger and Related Transactions 

Background of the Merger 

Reasons for the Merger 

Recommendation of the Genesis Microchip Board of Directors 

Opinion of Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein 

Interests of Other Financial Advisors to Genesis Microchip 

Recommendation of Sages Board of Directors 

Opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray 

Interests of Sage Directors and Officers in the Merger 

The Merger Agreement 

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 

          Ge
nesis Microchip Delaware Board Composition

Accounting Treatment of the Merger 

Regulatory Approvals 

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock 
               Issued in the Merger 

Delisting and Deregistration of Sage Common Stock after the Merger 

Restrictions on Sales of Shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock Received in the 
               Merger 

Dissenters Rights of Appraisal in the Merger 

Other Material Agreements Relating to the Merger 

Operation After the Merger 

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Consolidated Financial Statements 

Description of Genesis Microchip Delaware Capital Stock 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock 

Genesis Microchip Delaware Preferred Stock 

Anti-Takeover Considerations 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

Comparison of Rights of Holders of Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock and Sage Common 
     Stock 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Board of Directors 

          Sto
ckholder Actions  

Amendment to Organizational Documents 

Exculpation and Indemnification 

          Sta
te Anti-Takeover Statutes

Rights Agreement 

The Conversion 

General 

  

(continued)

Page  

Reasons for the Conversion 

Recommendation of the Genesis Microchip Board of Directors 

No Change in the Board Members, Business, Management, Employee Plans or Location of Principal 
               Facilities of Genesis Microchip

Share Exchange and Arrangement Agreement and Plan of Arrangement 

Restrictions on Sales of Shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock Received in the 
               Conversion 

Expenses 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

Rights of Dissent and Dissent Procedures for the Conversion 

Accounting Treatment of the Conversion 

The ConversionMaterial Tax Consequences 

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences for Genesis Microchip Shareholders 

Material Canadian Federal Income Tax Consequences for Genesis Microchip Shareholders 

          Eli
gibility for Investment

The ConversionComparison of the Rights of a Holder under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) and under 
     Delaware Law 

Required Vote for Certain Transactions 

Cumulative Voting 

Calling a Special Shareholder Meeting 

Amendment of Memorandum of Association or Certificate of Incorporation 

Amendment of Articles of Association 
or Bylaws  

Appraisal or Dissenters Rights 

Oppression Remedy 

Derivative Action 

Number of Directors 

Classification of Board of Directors 

Removal of Directors 

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors 

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 

Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Anti-Takeover Provisions and Interested Stockholders 

Short-Form Mergers 

Dividends and Repurchase of Shares 

Shareholder Rights Plan 

Amendment of Shareholder Rights 

Stock Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners

Genesis Microchip Stock Ownership

Sage Stock Ownership

Future Genesis Microchip Shareholder Proposals 

Future Sage Stockholder Proposals 

Legal Matters 

Experts 

Incorporation by Reference

Where You Can Find More Information 

Wh
o Can Help Answer Your Questions  

  

(continued)

Page  

An
nexes:  

A  

  

Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization 

A-1  

B  

  

Form of Voting Agreement 

B-1  

C  

  

Opinion of Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, Inc 

C-1  

D  

  

Opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray 

D-1  

E  

  

Form of Share Exchange and Arrangement Agreement, including the form of Plan 
of Arrangement 

E-1  

F  

  

Form of Interim Order 

F-1  

G  

  

Notice of Final Hearing 

G-1  

H  

  

Genesis Microchip
 Incorporated Arrangement Resolution 

H-1  

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  

          This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information
about Genesis Microchip and Sage from documents that each company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and that have not been included in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

          Genesis Microchip will provide you with copies of this information relating
to Genesis Microchip, without charge, upon written or oral request to:  

Genesis Microchip Incorporated

165 Commerce Valley Drive W.  

Thornhill, Ontario Canada L3T 7V8

Attention: Chief Financial Officer  

Telephone Number: (905) 889-5400

          Sage will provide you with copies of this
information relating to Sage, without charge, upon written or oral request to:  

Sage, Inc.

1601 McCarthy Boulevard  

Milpitas, California 95035  

Attention: Chief Financial Officer  

Telephone Number: (408) 383-5300  

          If you would like to request any documents, please do so by
        , 2001 in order to receive them before the special meetings. See Where You Can Find More Information beginning on page 132.  

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE CONVERSION  

Q:

What is happening?  

A:

Two things are happening. 



First, Genesis Microchip is exchanging its shares in order to effectively convert from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation. Currently, Genesis Microchip is
a Nova Scotia company but has most of its operations in Silicon Valley in the United States.  



Second, Genesis Microchip and Sage are proposing to merge.  

Q:

How is this happening?  

A:

The conversion and the merger will be completed in two distinct steps, to be completed in succession once all conditions are satisfied.



Step One  The Conversion. 
Genesis Microchip, a Nova Scotia company, will exchange all common shares held by its shareholders for newly issued shares of
Genesis Microchip Inc., a newly formed Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Incorporated. The Nova Scotia company will become a subsidiary of the Delaware corporation and the shareholders of the Nova Scotia company
will become stockholders of the Delaware corporation.  



Step Two  The Merger. 
The newly formed Delaware corporation, Genesis Microchip Delaware, will acquire Sage in a merger transaction between Sage and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware, such that Sage will survive the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

Q:

Why is Genesis Microchip proposing the conversion?  

A:

Genesis Microchip is generally unable to acquire U.S. companies in stock-for-stock transactions intended to be tax-free to the selling companys
stockholders under U.S. law. The conversion of Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation will 
enable it to acquire U.S. companies in tax-free transactions. 

Q:

What will Genesis Microchip shareholders receive in the conversion?  

A:

If the conversion is completed, Genesis Microchip shareholders will receive one share of common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware for each share of Genesis
Microchip they currently own. 

Q:

What will Sage stockholders receive in the merger?  

A:

If the merger is completed, each outstanding share of Sage common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.571 of a common share of Genesis Microchip
Delaware. Genesis Microchip Delaware will not issue fractional shares in connection with the merger. Sage stockholders will receive cash, without interest, rather than a fractional share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock that Sage
stockholders would otherwise be entitled to receive in the merger. 

Q:

What happens if the conversion is not completed?  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:

You will continue to hold shares of Genesis Microchip. The proposed merger with Sage, even
if approved by stockholders of both companies, will not be consummated. 

Sage stockholders:

The proposed merger, even if approved by stockholders of both companies, will not be consummated.

Q:

What happens if the conversion is approved but the merger or the issuance of shares in the merger is not approved by stockholders?  

A:

The conversion will be effected but the merger will not be completed. 

Q:

What will happen to my stock options?  

A:

Genesis Microchip option holders:

Your options to purchase common stock of Genesis Microchip, the Nova Scotia company being
effectively converted to a Delaware corporation, will be assumed by Genesis Microchip Delaware in the conversion and will become exercisable, on the same terms and conditions as your current options, for common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware.

Sage option holders:

Your options to purchase common stock of Sage will be assumed by Genesis Microchip Delaware in the merger,
and will become exercisable for shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock after completion of the merger. After the merger, your options will constitute options to acquire a number of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock equal
to the number of shares of Sage common stock subject to the unexercised portion of such option multiplied by 0.571, rounded down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per share of each assumed option will be equal to the exercise price per
share of each assumed option to purchase shares of Sage common stock divided by 0.571, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. 

Q:

What am I being asked to vote upon?  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:

You are being asked to vote to approve two things:



First, the conversion of Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia company to Genesis Microchip Delaware, a newly formed Delaware corporation.  



Second, the issuance of shares of common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware in connection with the merger.  

Sage stockholders:

You are being asked to vote to approve the merger. 

Q:

What approvals are required?  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:

The conversion of Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation
requires: 



The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the number of shareholders of Genesis Microchip present, in person or by proxy, at the Genesis Microchip special general
meeting; and  



The affirmative vote of holders of at least seventy-five percent of the common shares of Genesis Microchip present, in person or by proxy, at the special general
meeting.  

The approval of the issuance of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware in the merger requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the
votes cast, in person or by proxy, at the special general meeting. 

Sage stockholders:

The affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Sage common stock
is required to approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. 

Q:

How does my board of directors recommend that I vote on the proposals?  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:

The board of directors of Genesis Microchip unanimously recommends that you vote

FOR
 each of the two proposals submitted by the board. 

Sage stockholders:

The board of directors of Sage unanimously recommends that you vote 
FOR
 the merger.

Q:

Will I be able to trade the stock I receive?  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:

Yes, unless you are an affiliate of Genesis Microchip. Genesis Microchip is currently
traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol GNSS and is not traded on any Canadian or 

other exchange. Your shares of Genesis Microchip exchanged for shares of common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the same symbol,
GNSS. The exchange of your existing shares for newly issued shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware will be achieved pursuant to a transaction exempt from registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 3(a)(10)
of the Securities Act. Persons who are deemed to be affiliates of Genesis Microchip Delaware, however, must comply with Rule 145 under the Securities Act if they wish to sell or otherwise transfer any of the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware they
receive in the conversion. 

Sage stockholders:

Yes. The shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol GNSS. Persons who are deemed to be affiliates of Sage prior to the completion of the merger, however, must comply with Rule 145 under the Securities Act if they wish to sell or otherwise transfer the shares of Genesis
Microchip Delaware common stock they receive in the merger. 

Q:

If the conversion and merger are approved, when is everything expected to be completed?  

A:

The conversion must occur prior to consummation of the merger. 



The conversion.
    The conversion is subject to approval by the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia. A hearing for this approval has been scheduled
for              , 2001. It is expected that the conversion will become effective as soon as possible after Genesis Microchip obtains a final order from the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia.



The merger.
    If all conditions to closing have been satisfied, the parties will close as soon as possible after the special meeting of
stockholders of Sage and the special general meeting of shareholders of Genesis Microchip on              , 2001.  

Q:

What are my tax consequences? (see pages 73 and 107)  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders: 



United States Tax Consequences
.    In general, we expect that you will not recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax
purposes solely as a result of the conversion.  



Canadian Tax Consequences.

Canadian Genesis Microchip shareholders resident in Canada:

The exchange of Genesis Microchip common shares for Genesis
Microchip Delaware common stock will be taxable to you. 

Non-resident Canadian Genesis Microchip shareholders:

You will not be subject to Canadian federal income tax on the
exchange of shares in connection with the conversion unless your Genesis Microchip shares constitute taxable Canadian property within the meaning of the 
Income Tax Act
 (Canada) and any gains are not otherwise exempt from tax under
that Act pursuant to an exemption contained in an applicable income tax treaty or convention. 

Sage stockholders:

For United States federal income tax purposes, we expect that you will not recognize gain or loss upon receipt of shares of common stock of Genesis
Microchip Delaware in the merger, except on cash received instead of fractional shares.  

Sage and Genesis Microchip stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors to determine their particular tax consequences resulting from the conversion and
the merger.

Q:

When is the special general meeting of shareholders of Genesis Microchip relating to the conversion and the merger?  

A:

The special general meeting of shareholders of Genesis Microchip will be held on              ,
2001, at                  local time, at its offices at 2150 Gold Street, Alviso, California 95002, to consider two proposals. 

If there is no quorum for the special general meeting, Genesis Microchip intends to adjourn the special general meeting for seven days as provided in its articles of
association. Genesis Microchip may then conduct a special general meeting and the shareholders present at that meeting shall constitute a quorum. 

Q:

When is the special meeting of Sage stockholders relating to the merger?  

A:

The special meeting of Sage stockholders will take place
on                     , 2001             , at
             , local time, at the offices of Sage at 1601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035 to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
approve the merger. 

Q:

How do I vote? (see pages 34 and 38)  

A:



After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the annexes, complete, sign and
date the enclosed proxy card, and then mail it in the enclosed pre-paid return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares can be voted at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting or the Sage special meeting.  



You may also attend the Genesis Microchip special general meeting or the Sage special meeting and vote in person instead of submitting a proxy. If your
shares are held by your broker, consult your broker on how to arrange for voting at the meeting.  



Whether or not you plan to attend the Genesis Microchip special general meeting or the Sage special meeting, please complete, sign, date and return the
accompanying proxy card so that your shares will be represented.  



Returning your proxy will not deprive you of your right to attend the Genesis Microchip special general meeting or the Sage special meeting and vote your
shares in person.  

Q:

Can I vote by telephone or electronically? (see pages 36 and 39)  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:

Registered Genesis Microchip shareholders must vote by returning their proxy cards or
voting in person at the special general meeting. Registered Genesis Microchip shareholders cannot vote by telephone or electronically. Non-registered shareholders may be able to submit voting instructions to their intermediary by telephone or via
the internet, and should follow the instructions provided by such intermediary.  

Sage stockholders:

Under Delaware law, Sage stockholders may submit proxies electronically, via the Internet or by
telephone. Specific instructions on voting via the Internet or by telephone are included in the Sage proxy card. 

Q:

If my shares are held in street name by my broker, will my broker vote my shares for me? (see pages 35 and 39)  

A:

No. Your broker will not be able to vote your shares without instructions from you. If you do not provide your broker with voting instructions, your shares may
be considered present at the special general meeting of Genesis Microchip shareholders or the special meeting of Sage stockholders for purposes of determining a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor of approval of any
proposal. If you have instructed a broker to vote your shares and wish to change your vote, you must follow directions received from your broker to change those instructions. 

Q:

What happens if I dont return a proxy card? (see pages 36 and 39)  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:    
Failure to return a proxy will have the effect of reducing the number of votes cast at the special
general meeting of Genesis Microchip shareholders and of reducing the number of votes needed to approve the proposals. The failure to return a proxy may also contribute to a failure to obtain a quorum at the meeting. 

Sage stockholders:

Failure to return a proxy will have the effect of reducing the number of votes cast at the special meeting
of Sage stockholders. The failure to return a proxy may also contribute to a failure to obtain a quorum at the meeting.

Q:

What happens if I am a record holder and I return a properly executed proxy card but I dont indicate how to vote my proxy? (see pages 36 and 39)

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:

 Your shares will be voted 
FOR
 each of the conversion and the issuance
of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the merger. 

Sage stockholders:

Your shares of Sage common stock will be voted 
FOR
 adoption and approval of the
merger agreement and approval of the merger. 

Q:

Can I change my vote after I have mailed my proxy card? (see pages 36 and 39)  

A:

Yes, you can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at your special meeting or special general meeting. If you are a shareholder of record, you
can do this in one of three ways. 



First, you can send a written notice to Genesis Microchip or Sage care of Innisfree M&A Incorporated or to the Secretary of Sage, stating that you would like to
revoke your previously delivered proxy.  



Second, you can complete and deliver a later dated proxy card to Genesis Microchip or Sage care of Innisfree M&A Incorporated.  



Third, you can attend the Genesis Microchip special general meeting or the Sage special meeting and vote in person. Your attendance at the special general meeting or
special meeting, by itself, however, will not revoke your previously delivered proxy.  

If your shares are held by your broker, consult your broker for procedures to change your vote.  

Q:

When should I send in my share certificates? (see pages 62 and 103)  

A:

Genesis Microchip shareholders:

Please do not send in your share certificates with your proxy card. You must keep your share
certificates until after the conversion has been completed, at which time you will receive a letter of transmittal describing how you may exchange your Genesis Microchip share certificates for certificates representing shares of Genesis Microchip
Delaware common stock. At that time, you will have to submit your Genesis Microchip share certificates to the exchange agent with your completed letter of transmittal.  

Sage stockholders
:    
Please do not send in your stock certificates with your proxy card. You must keep your stock
certificates until after the merger has been completed, at which time you will receive a letter of transmittal describing how you may exchange your Sage stock certificates for certificates representing shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common
stock. At that time, you will have to submit your Sage stock certificates to the exchange agent with your completed letter of transmittal. 

Q:

Are there risks I should consider in deciding whether to vote for the conversion and the merger? (see page 21)  

A:

Yes.    The section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 21 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus describes a number of
risk factors that you should consider in connection with the conversion and the merger. 

Q:

Who can help answer my questions about the conversion and the merger?  

A:

If you have any questions about the conversion or the merger or how to vote your proxy, or if you need additional copies of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy card or voting instructions, you should contact: 

     Innisfree M&A Incorporated  

     501 Madison Avenue  

     20th Floor  

     New York, New York 10022  

     Call Toll Free: (888) 750-5834  

     Banks and Brokers Call Collect:  

     (212) 750-5833  

Genesis Microchip shareholders may also call:  

     Genesis Microchip Incorporated  

     165 Commerce Valley Drive, W.  

     Thornhill, Ontario Canada L3T 7V8  

     Attention:  Chief Financial Officer  

     (905) 889-5400  

          Sage stockholders may also call:  

Sage, Inc.  

1601 McCarthy Boulevard  

Milpitas, California 95035  

Attention: Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

(408) 383-5300  

SUMMARY OF THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS  

          This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. Even though we have
highlighted what we believe is the most important information, you should carefully read the entire joint proxy statement/prospectus for a more complete understanding of the proposed conversion of Genesis Microchip and the merger with Sage. In
particular, you should read the annexes attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the merger agreement and the share exchange and arrangement agreement and plan of arrangement, which are attached as Annexes A and E, respectively.
You should also review the other available information referred to in Where You Can Find More Information on page 132.  

THE COMPANIES  

Genesis Microchip Incorporated  

 Commerce Valley Drive W.  

Th

ornhill, Ontario L3T 7V8  

(90

5) 889-5400  

          Genesis Microchip designs, develops and markets integrated circuits that process digital video and graphic images. Genesis Microchips integrated circuits are typically
located inside a display device and process images so that they can be viewed on that display. Genesis Microchip currently focuses on digital display systems such as flat panel computer monitors, digital CRT monitors, and digital television. In
addition to Genesis Microchips image processing technologies, Genesis Microchip has developed communications technologies. These communications technologies focus on the reception of data by display devices, such as a computer monitor
receiving signals from a computer. Genesis Microchips integrated circuit products contain various combinations of its image processing or communications technologies, depending on the needs of the targeted market.  

Genesis Microchip Inc.  

0 Gold Street  

Alv

iso, California 95002  

(40

8) 262-6599  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware is a newly formed Delaware corporation and will become the parent company of Genesis Microchip following the conversion. Shareholders of Genesis
Microchip immediately prior to the conversion will become stockholders of Genesis Microchip Delaware after giving effect to the conversion.  

Sage, Inc.  

1 McCarthy Boulevard  

Mi

lpitas, California 95035  

(40

8) 383-5300  

          Sage was incorporated in 1994 in California. Sage designs, develops and markets digital display and video processors that are used in existing personal computers and display
monitors and in emerging display devices such as flat panel monitors, flat panel televisions, projection devices, digital cathode ray tube displays, Internet appliances and touch-screen displays used in retail and industrial settings. These display
processor chips provide integrated analog-to-digital conversion, signal reformatting and color processing capabilities. Sages systems-on-a-chip technology is designed to provide highly integrated mixed-signal and system functionality with
higher picture quality than lower-quality processors at a similar component cost. Sage also designs and sells circuit boards that incorporate its semiconductors.  

FAIRNESS OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS  

Opinion of Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein
(see page 45)  

          In deciding to approve the
merger, Genesis Microchips board of directors considered the opinion of its financial advisor, Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, Inc., or DrKW, that, as of the date of its opinion, the ratio to exchange Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock
for Sage common stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to Genesis Microchip. The full text of this opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered, and limits on review undertaken, is attached as Annex C to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. Genesis Microchip urges its shareholders to read the opinion of DrKW in its entirety.  

Opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray (see page 53)  

          In deciding to approve the merger, Sages board of directors considered the opinion of its financial advisor, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, that, as of the date of its opinion,
the ratio to exchange Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock for Sage common stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of Sage. The full text of this opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered, and
limits on review undertaken, is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Sage urges its stockholders to read the opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray in its entirety.  

R

ECOMMENDATIONS OF THE BOARDS OF DIRECTORS  

Genesis Microchip Board of Directors
(see page 44)  

          The Genesis Microchip board of
directors believes that the conversion and the merger are fair to Genesis Microchip and in the best interest of Genesis Microchip and has unanimously approved the conversion, the merger, and the issuance of shares in the merger, and unanimously
recommends that you vote 
FOR
 the conversion and 
FOR
 approval of the issuance of shares in the merger.  

Sage Board of Directors (see page 52)  

          The Sage board of directors believes that the merger is fair to you and in your best interest and has unanimously approved the merger agreement and unanimously recommends that you
vote 
FOR
 the adoption of the merger agreement.  

INTERESTS OF SAGE MANAGEMENT IN THE MERGER  

          Some of Sages executive officers have entered into employment agreements with Genesis Microchip in connection with the merger. If Genesis Microchip terminates without cause
the employment of these executive officers or if such officers terminate their employment for good reason during a period of up to two years after the merger is consummated, Genesis Microchip must continue to pay such officers base salary for
the six month period following the termination date, such officers will be entitled to continue to participate in benefit plans during that period (or receive a lump sum payment, at the option of Genesis Microchip) and, if the termination occurs
within six months after the closing, effective on the termination date, the unvested portion of any option exchanged for options of Genesis Microchip Delaware will vest and such officers will have the right to exercise the option for a twenty-four
month period following the termination date.  

S
HARE OWNERSHIP OF  

GENESIS MICROCHIP MANAGEMENT  

          At the close of business on the record date, directors and executive officers of Genesis Microchip together with their affiliates
beneficially owned and were entitled to vote approximately              Genesis Microchip common shares, which represented less than        percent of all
outstanding shares of Genesis Microchip common shares entitled to vote at the special general meeting.  

SHARE OWNERSHIP OF  

SAGE MANAGEMENT  

          At the close of business on the record date, directors and executive officers of Sage together with their affiliates beneficially owned and were entitled to vote approximately
                 shares of Sage common stock which represented approximately          of all outstanding shares of Sage common
stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.  

          Each
of these directors and some of the executive officers entered into voting agreements with Genesis Microchip, whereby Genesis Microchip has an irrevocable proxy to vote such shares of Sage common stock in favor of the merger.  

THE MERGER AGREEMENT  

Conversion of Securities; Exchange Ratio (see page 61)  

          In the merger, each share of Sage common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock which will be listed on the
Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol GNSS.  

Sage Prohibited from Soliciting Other
Offers (see page 66)  

          Sage has agreed that while
the merger agreement is pending, it will not initiate or, subject to some limited exceptions, participate in discussions with any third party regarding some types of extraordinary transactions, such as a merger, business combination or sale of a
material amount of assets or capital stock.  

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger (see page 69)

          Completion of the merger is subject to the
satisfaction of a number of conditions, including:  



approval of the merger by the Sage stockholders;  



approval of the issuance of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock by the Genesis Microchip shareholders;  



consummation of the conversion of Genesis Microchip; and  



Genesis Microchip Delawares receipt of an opinion of its U.S. tax counsel that the conversion together with the merger qualifies as a tax-free exchange under the
provisions of Section 351 of the United States Internal Revenue Code and Sages receipt of an opinion of its U.S. tax counsel that the merger constitutes a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the United States
Internal Revenue Code.  

Termination (see page 70)  

          Either Genesis Microchip or Sage can terminate the merger agreement if the
merger is not completed by May 31, 2002, and under various other circumstances.  

Termination Fee (see page
72)  

          Sage may be required to pay Genesis
Microchip a fee of $9.64 million, plus Genesis Microchips actual and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger (but in any event not to exceed $1.75 million in the aggregate), if the merger agreement is
terminated under certain enumerated circumstances.  

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER (see page 73)  

          It is expected that the merger will constitute a tax-free reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, no gain or loss is expected to be recognized
for United States federal income tax purposes by the Sage stockholders upon exchange of their Sage common stock in the merger (except with respect to any cash received in the merger in lieu of any fractional share). It is a condition to the merger
that Sage receives an opinion from its United States tax counsel that the merger qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the United States Internal Revenue Code.  

          Tax matters can be complicated, and the tax consequences to you of the merger will depend on
the facts of your own situation. You are urged to consult your own tax advisors to understand fully the tax consequences of the merger to you.

DISSENTERS RIGHTS OF APPRAISAL IN THE MERGER (see page 76)  

          Neither holders of Sage common stock nor holders of Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares will be entitled to dissenters rights of appraisal in connection with the merger.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER (see page 75)  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware will account for the merger as a purchase transaction. Under the
purchase method of accounting, Genesis Microchip Delaware will measure the purchase price at the fair value of consideration (measured as at the date of agreement and announcement) given for the Sage common stock and for options to purchase Sage
common stock assumed by Genesis Microchip Delaware, plus the amount of direct transaction costs. Genesis Microchip Delaware will allocate these costs to the acquired tangible and intangible assets, with any excess purchase price being assigned to
goodwill.  

REGULATORY APPROVALS (see page 75) 

          The merger is subject to United States antitrust law. Genesis Microchip and Sage have made required filings under applicable United States antitrust law with the U.S. Department of
Justice and the Federal Trade Commission. A governmental authority or private person could challenge or seek to block the merger under the antitrust laws at any time before or after the merger is completed.  

GENESIS MICROCHIP DELAWARE BOARD COMPOSITION (see page 75)  

          At the closing of the merger:  



the board of directors of Genesis Microchip Delaware will consist of seven directors, including five directors from the board of Genesis Microchip; and



Chandrashekar M. Reddy, president and chief executive officer of Sage and N. Damodar Reddy, a member of Sages board of directors, will be appointed to the
Genesis Microchip board.  

THE CONVERSION  

Effects of the Conversion (see page 100)  

          The conversion will be effected pursuant to the terms of a share exchange and arrangement agreement and plan of arrangement. You should read the
share exchange and arrangement agreement and the plan of arrangement which is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex E.  

          The mechanics of the conversion will involve the exchange by the holders of all of the outstanding common shares of Genesis Microchip, other than
those who properly exercise their dissent rights, for shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock and will result in:  



Genesis Microchip, the Nova Scotia company, becoming an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware; and  



The shareholders of Genesis Microchip, the Nova Scotia company, becoming stockholders of Genesis Microchip Delaware, a Delaware corporation with publicly traded common
stock listed on the Nasdaq National Market.  

Material Tax Consequences of the Conversion
(see page 107)  

Sage and Genesis Microchip stockholders should read carefully the information under
The ConversionMaterial Tax Consequences, which qualifies the information set forth below, and should consult their tax advisors. No advance income tax rulings have been or will be sought or obtained with respect to any of the
transactions described herein.  



United States

          It is expected and intended that the conversion and the merger will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as one integrated transaction
qualifying as a tax-free exchange with respect to the Genesis Microchip shareholders such that Genesis Microchip shareholders are expected to recognize no gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes upon exchange of their Genesis
Microchip shares for Genesis Microchip Delaware stock in the conversion.  



Canada

          The exchange of Genesis Microchip common shares in connection with the conversion will be
taxable to Genesis Microchip shareholders that are Canadian residents. As a result, a Canadian resident Genesis Microchip shareholder will realize a capital gain (or loss) if the fair market
value of the Genesis Microchip Delaware shares received exceeds (or is less than) the total of the adjusted cost base of his or her Genesis Microchip common shares and any reasonable costs of disposition. Non-resident Canadian Genesis Microchip
shareholders will not be subject to Canadian federal income tax on the exchange of Genesis Microchip common shares in connection with the conversion unless those Genesis Microchip common shares constitute taxable Canadian property within
the meaning of the 
Income Tax Act 
(Canada) and any gains are not otherwise exempt from tax under that Act pursuant to an exemption contained in an applicable income tax treaty or convention.  

Rights of Dissent and Dissent Procedures (see page 104)  

          Genesis Microchip shareholders will be granted dissenters rights of appraisal pursuant to the plan of arrangement in
connection with the conversion. Genesis Microchip shareholders who properly exercise their dissent rights pursuant to the interim order issued by the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia will be entitled to be paid the fair value of their Genesis Microchip
common shares, determined as of the day before the arrangement resolution is passed. The dissent procedures require that a Genesis Microchip shareholder who wishes to dissent must provide Genesis Microchip a dissent notice prior to the termination
of the Genesis Microchip special general meeting.  

Accounting Treatment of the Conversion (see page 106)

          For accounting purposes, the conversion will be
accounted for as a non-substantive exchange whereby the net assets of Genesis Microchip will be recorded by Genesis Microchip Delaware in its consolidated financial statements initially at the same carrying value as recorded in the consolidated
financial statements of Genesis Microchip immediately prior to the conversion. In addition, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows previously reported by Genesis Microchip prior to the conversion will be reported unchanged in
the comparative period to the consolidated financial statements of Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

          On an ongoing basis, Genesis Microchip Delaware will continue to assess the recoverability of its deferred tax assets arising in various tax jurisdictions and will review the
related valuation allowances as appropriate.

GENESIS MICROCHIP  

SELECTED HISTORICAL
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA  

          The selected
consolidated statement of operations data of Genesis Microchip for the years ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 and the ten months ended March 31, 1999 and the selected consolidated balance sheet data at March 31, 2001 and 2000 are derived from Genesis
Microchips Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended March 31, 2001 incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The selected consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended March 31, 1998 and
1997 and the selected consolidated balance sheet data at March 31, 1999, May 31, 1998 and 1997 are derived from Genesis Microchips audited consolidated financial statements not included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The selected consolidated statement of operations data for the six-month periods ended September 30, 2001 and 2000 and selected consolidated balance sheet data as at September 30, 2001 are derived from Genesis Microchips
unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2001 incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited September 30, 2001 and 2000
financial information reflects all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The operating results for the six
months ended September 30, 2001 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the year ending March 31, 2002 or any other interim period of future fiscal years. The historical data are only a summary, and you should read them in
conjunction with the historical financial statements and related notes contained in the annual and quarterly reports of Genesis Microchip which have been incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

Genesis Microchip  

Selected
Consolidated Financial Data  

Six Months Ended 
September 30,  

Year Ended 
March 31,  

10 Months 
Ended 
March 31,  

Year Ended May 31,  

(unaudited)  

(in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data)  

Co
nsolidated Statement of Operations 
     Data:

Revenues  

$57,443  

$27,852  

$63,627 

$53,332  

$37,738 

$15,988 

$4,527 

Cost of revenues  

30,910  

9,957  

32,416 

17,021  

14,062 

4,869 

2,983 

Gross profit  

26,533  

17,895  

31,211 

36,311  

23,676 

11,119 

1,544 

Operating expenses:  

         Re
search and development  

9,385  

8,465  

17,413 

16,065  

10,261 

6,210 

2,888 

         Sel
ling, general and administrative

8,754  

6,742  

15,947 

12,364  

10,307 

6,137 

4,833 

         Me
rger related costs  

    

    

   

3,455  

   

   

   

Total operating expenses  

18,139  

15,207  

33,360 

31,884  

20,568 

12,347 

7,721 

Income (loss) from operations  

8,394  

2,688  

(2,149

)  

4,427  

3,108 

(1,228

)  

(6,177

)  

Interest and other income  

1,253  

2,328 

1,941  

1,436 

Income (loss) before income taxes  

9,147  

3,941  

6,368  

4,544 

(455

)  

(5,993

)  

Provision for (recovery of) income taxes  

(2,483

)  

(986

)  

   

   

Net income (loss)  

$   8,229  

$   3,530  

$   2,662 

$   6,008  

$   5,530 

$      (455

)  

$(5,993

)  

Earnings (loss) per share:  

         Ba
sic  

$     0.41  

$     0.18  

$     0.14 

$     0.32  

$     0.31 

$     (0.04

)  

$   (0.63

)  

         Dil
uted  

0.37  

0.18  

0.13 

0.30  

0.29 

(0.04

)  

(0.63

)  

Sh
ares used in computing earnings (loss) 
     per share:  

         Ba
sic  

20,211  

19,241  

19,406 

18,756  

18,027 

11,634 

9,447 

         Dil
uted  

22,024  

19,902  

19,884 

19,922  

19,365 

11,634 

9,447 

Genesis Microchip  

Selected Consolidated
Financial Data  

September 30, 

March 31, 

March 31, 

March 31, 

May 31, 

May 31, 

(unaudited)  

(in thousands of U.S. dollars)  

Co
nsolidated Balance Sheet Data:  

Ca
sh and cash equivalents  

$   57,344  

$32,827  

$42,942  

$38,479  

$38,421  

$   4,734  

Wo
rking capital  

80,287  

53,190  

50,661  

50,131  

43,008  

7,754  

Oth
er assets  

To
tal assets  

105,515  

81,446  

71,791  

64,815  

51,423  

11,027  

To
tal long-term debt, net of current portion  

To
tal shareholders equity  

97,344  

70,389  

65,247  

55,408  

47,164  

8,820  

SAGE SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

          The selected consolidated statement of operations data for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, and selected consolidated balance sheet data at March 31, 2001 and
2000, are derived from Sages Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended March 31, 2001 incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The selected consolidated balance sheet data at September 30, 2001 and
statement of operations data for the six-month periods ended September 30, 2001and 2000 are derived from Sages unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended September
30, 2001 incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The selected consolidated statement of operations data for the fiscal years ended March 31, 1998 and 1997, and selected consolidated balance sheet data at March 31, 1999,
1998 and 1997, are derived from Sages audited consolidated financial statements not included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The consolidated financial statements for the five fiscal years ended March 31,
2001 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants. Sages unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared by Sage on a basis consistent with its audited financial statements and, in managements
opinion, included all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of such information. The operating results for the six months ended September 30, 2001 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the year ending March 31,
2002 or any other interim period of future fiscal years. The historical data are only a summary, and you should read them in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related notes contained in the annual and quarterly reports of
Sage which have been incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

Sage

Selected Consolidated Financial Data  

Six Months Ended 
September 30,  

Year Ended March 31,  

(in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data)  

Co
nsolidated Statement of Operations Data:  

Re
venues  

$17
,971 

$1
5,074 

$   
31,399 

$17
,881 

$7
,132 

$1
,495 

$1,

Co
st of revenues  

,196 

7,728 

16,898 

,026 

,914 

,639 

1,

Gr
oss profit (loss)  

,775 

7,346 

14,501 

,855 

,218 

(144

)  

Op
erating expenses:  

    Re
search and development  

5,488 

3,753 

8,239 

4,363 

2,908 

1,597 

    Ch
arge for inprocess technology  

   

7,200 

7,200 

2,500 

   

   

   

    Sel
ling, general and administration  

7,212 

5,826 

12,302 

6,509 

4,172 

    Bu
siness combination expenses  

1,136 

   

   

   

   

   

   

    Am
ortization and impairment of intangible

        assets  

1,285 

7,438 

110,773 

   

   

   

   

To
tal operating expenses  

15,121 

4,217 

38,514 

,372 

,080 

,542 

1,

Lo
ss from operations  

(7,346

)  

(1
6,871

)  

(1
24,013

)  

(5
,517

)  

(4
,862

)  

(2
,686

)  

(

)  

Int
erest income (expenses), net  

1,537 

2,932 

(89

)  

(7

)  

Ne
t loss  

$  (6,508

)  

$(1
5,334

)  

$(1
21,081

)  

$  (4
,595

)  

$(4
,751

)  

$(2
,775

)  

$    (

)  

Ne
t loss per share: basic and diluted  

$     
(0.47

)  

$     
(1.28

)  

$        
(9.48

)  

$     
(1.04

)  

$   (
2.00

)  

$   (
1.08

)  

$  (0
.32

)  

Sh
ares used in computing net loss per share: 
    basic and diluted

,959 

2,014 

12,776 

,414 

,381 

,578 

2,

September 30, 

March 31,  

(unaudited)  

Co
nsolidated Balance Sheet Data:  

    Ca
sh and cash equivalents  

$31,731  

$  22,344  

$20,157  

$2,473  

$    380 

$    908  

    Sh
ort term marketable securities  

6,589  

19,040  

18,799  

    

   

    

    Wo
rking capital  

46,227  

49,333  

40,097  

1,471  

(1,440

)  

    To
tal assets  

67,888  

72,570  

45,411  

4,293  

1,309 

1,692  

    To
tal stockholders equity  

61,981  

65,959  

41,277  

1,903  

(972

)  

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA  

          The selected unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements of Genesis Microchip and Sage incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage  

Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Data

(in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data)  

Year Ended 
March 31, 2001  

Six Months Ended 
September 30, 2001  

Co
nsolidated Statement of Operations Data:  

          Re
venues  

$   95,026 

 $   75,414 

          Co
st of revenues  

48,501 

41,106 

          Gr
oss profit  

46,525 

34,308 

          Op
erating expenses:  

                   Re
search and development  

31,624 

17,860 

                   Sel
ling, general and administrative  

34,222 

18,952 

                   Ch
arge for in-process technology  

7,200 

   

                   Am
ortization and impairment of intangible assets  

91,663 

                   Am
ortization of acquired technology  

10,625 

5,313 

                   Bu
siness combination expenses  

   

1,136 

          To
tal operating expenses  

175,334 

43,361 

          Lo
ss from operations  

(128,809

)  

(9,053

)  

          Int
erest and other income  

5,260 

1,591 

          Lo
ss before income taxes  

(123,549

)  

(7,462

)  

          Re
covery of income taxes  

(11,591

)  

(3,636

)  

          Lo
ss for the period  

$(111,958

)  

$     (3,826

)  

          Lo
ss per share:  

                   Ba
sic and diluted  

$        (4.19

)  

$       (0.14

)  

          Sh
ares used in computing loss per share (in
thousands):  

                   Ba
sic and diluted  

26,701 

28,182 

September 30, 2001  

Co
nsolidated Balance Sheet Data:  

          Ca
sh and cash equivalents  

$   89,075 

          Sh
ort-term marketable securities

6,589 

          Wo
rking capital  

120,829 

          To
tal assets  

357,290 

          To
tal long-term debt, net of current portion

          Sh
areholders equity  

314,285 

CO

MPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA  

          In the following tables, we provide you with certain historical per share data and combined per share data on an unaudited pro forma basis after giving effect to the merger
assuming that 0.571 of a share of common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware is issued in exchange for each share of common stock of Sage. This data should be read together with the selected historical financial data set forth herein and the
historical financial statements of Genesis Microchip and Sage and the notes thereto that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

          The pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes only. You should not rely on the pro forma financial information
as an indication of the combined financial position or results of operation of future periods or the results that actually would have been realized had the entities been a single entity during the periods presented.  

Genesis Microchip Historical Data  

Genesis 
Microchip  

Ne
t income per share (diluted):  

Ye
ar ended March 31, 2001  

$0.13  

Six
 months ended September 30, 2001  

$0.37  

Bo
ok value per share (1):  

Ma
rch 31, 2001  

$3.60  

Sep
tember 30, 2001  

$4.64  

Sage Historical Data  

Sage  

Lo
ss per share (basic and diluted):  

Ye
ar ended March 31, 2001  

$(9.48

)  

Six
 months ended September 30, 2001  

$(0.47

)  

Bo
ok value per share (1):  

Ma
rch 31, 2001  

$4.74 

Sep
tember 30, 2001  

$4.35 

Genesis Microchip 
Delaware 
Pro Forma Consolidated  

Sage Equivalent 
Pro Forma Consolidated (2)  

Ne
t income (loss) per share (diluted) (3):  

Ye
ar ended March 31, 2001  

$  (4.19)  

$(2.39)  

Six
 months ended September 30, 2001  

$  (0.14)  

$(0.08)  

Bo
ok value per share:  

Sep
tember 30, 2001  

$  10.79  

$6.16  

(1)

Historical book value per share is computed by dividing stockholders equity by the number of shares of Genesis Microchip or Sage common stock outstanding at the
end of each period. Pro forma book value per share is computed by dividing pro forma stockholders equity by the pro forma number of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock outstanding at the end of each period.  

(2)

The Sage equivalent pro forma combined per share amounts are calculated by multiplying Genesis Microchip Delaware combined pro forma share amounts by the exchange
ratio for the merger (e.g., 0.571).  

(3)

Genesis Microchip Delawares pro forma consolidated net income per share for the year ended March 31, 2001 combines Genesis Microchips net income for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2001 and Sages net income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001. Genesis Microchip Delawares pro forma consolidated net income per share for the six months ended September 30, 2001 combines Genesis
Microchips net income for the six month period ended September 30, 2001 and Sages net income for the six month period ended September 30, 2001.  

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA  

          Sage common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol SAGI since November 11, 1999. Genesis Microchip common shares are traded on the Nasdaq
National Market under the symbol GNSS.  

          The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and low prices per share of Genesis Microchip common shares and Sage common stock as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market.  

Genesis Microchip 
Common Shares  

Sage Common Stock  

High  

Low  

High  

Low  

Ca
lendar year ended December 31, 1999  

     Fir
st quarter  

$35.000  

$22.000  

    

    

     Sec
ond quarter  

$27.563  

$17.063  

    

    

     Th
ird quarter  

$29.625  

$16.750  

    

    

     Fo
urth quarter  

$26.750  

$15.688  

$25.750  

$19.188  

Ca
lendar year ended December 31, 2000  

     Fir
st quarter  

$24.875  

$15.250  

$45.625  

$19.938  

     Sec
ond quarter  

$21.000  

$15.375  

$20.625  

$   8.250  

     Th
ird quarter  

$20.125  

$16.625  

$13.000  

$   8.125  

     Fo
urth quarter  

$18.250  

$   8.563  

$20.875  

$   7.063  

Ca
lendar year ended December 31, 2001  

     Fir
st quarter  

$18.875  

$   9.313  

$17.250  

$   5.875  

     Sec
ond quarter  

$37.400  

$   8.375  

$15.500  

$   5.125  

     Th
ird quarter  

$36.000  

$19.700  

$18.600  

$11.150  

     Fo
urth quarter (through October 24, 2001)  

$45.650  

$26.700  

$25.050  

$14.590  

          The
following table shows the high and low prices per share of Sage common stock and Genesis Microchip common shares each as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on September 27, 2001, the last full trading day preceding public announcement that
Genesis Microchip and Sage had entered into the merger agreement, and on October 24, 2001, the last full trading day for which high and low prices were available at the time of the printing of this document.  

Genesis Microchip 
Common Shares  

Sage Common Stock  

Sage 
Equivalent Price  

per
Share  

High  

Low  

High  

Low  

High  

Low  

Sep
tember 27, 2001  

$29.050  

$24.910  

$11.790  

$10.220  

$16.590  

$14.220  

Oc
tober 24, 2001  

$45.650  

$40.500  

$25.050  

$22.330  

$26.070  

$23.130  

          The
estimated equivalent per share price of Sage common stock equals the exchange ratio of 0.571 multiplied by the price of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. We urge you to obtain current market quotations for Genesis Microchip common
shares and Sage common stock. We cannot assure you as to the market prices of Genesis Microchip common shares and Sage common stock at any time prior to the completion of the merger or as to the market price of Genesis Microchip common stock at any
time.  

          Neither Genesis Microchip nor Sage has ever
paid dividends, and neither company has any present intention to do so.  

STRUCTURE OF THE CONVERSION AND THE MERGER

The Conversion  

          To effect the conversion of Genesis Microchip Incorporated from a Nova
Scotia company to a Delaware corporation, Genesis Microchip Incorporated formed a Delaware subsidiary, Genesis Microchip Inc. Genesis Microchip Inc. will create              Nova Scotia
Company, which we refer to as Genesis NSULC, which will be a wholly owned subsidiary and a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company created solely to facilitate the conversion. Genesis NSULC will not engage in any operations during any period of its
existence. After the conversion is completed, Genesis NSULC will continue to be a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Inc. At the time of the conversion, each common share of Genesis Microchip will be exchanged for a share of Genesis
Microchip Inc. common stock.  

          The organization of
the company before and after the conversion is illustrated below:  

The Merger  

          Following completion of the conversion, a subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Inc. will be merged into Sage. The organization of the company before and
after the merger is illustrated below:  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

          This joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus contain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, and are subject to the safe harbor provisions created by those statutes. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations concerning matters that are
not historical facts. Words such as projects, believes, anticipates, plans, expects, intends, and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Genesis Microchip believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable but Genesis Microchip cannot assure you those expectations will prove to be correct. You should not place undue reliance upon the
forward-looking statements contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Important factors that could cause the combined companys actual results to differ materially from those expectations are disclosed in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, including, without limitation, those provided in the Risk Factors section beginning on page 21 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and reports filed by Genesis Microchip and Sage with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, specifically forms 20-F, 6-K, 8-K, 10-K, 10-Q, S-1, S-4, and S-8. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize or any of these assumptions prove incorrect, the results of Genesis Microchip, Sage, and the combined company
could differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in these documents. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date upon which the statements were made, and are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors and
all related cautionary statements. None of Genesis Microchip, Sage, or Genesis Microchip Delaware is under any obligation (and each expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or alter these forward looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events, or otherwise.  

RISK FACTORS 

          You should
carefully consider the risks described below regarding the merger, the conversion and the combination of the business of Genesis Microchip and Sage following the merger, together with all of the other information included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and along with any other risk factors in documents incorporated by reference, before making a decision about voting on the proposals submitted for your consideration.  

Risks Related to the Merger

          The following risk factors relate to the merger between Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage. The merger cannot be completed unless the conversion of Genesis Microchip, a Nova
Scotia company, to Genesis Microchip Delaware, a Delaware corporation, is completed. Following the conversion, Genesis Microchip Delaware will be the parent company and Genesis Microchip, the Nova Scotia company, will become a subsidiary of the
Delaware corporation.  

          A number of factors,
including the failure to retain existing customers of both businesses and the failure to retain key employees, could impair the combined companys ability to successfully integrate the business of Sage with Genesis Microchip Delaware, which
could harm the combined companys business, financial condition and operating results.  

          After the merger, Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage, each of which had previously operated independently of the other, will need to integrate their respective operations. The
integration will require significant efforts by the combined company, including the coordination of product plans, research and development, sales and marketing efforts, and finance and administration activities. The combined company will have a
large number of employees in widely dispersed operations in California, Canada, India and other locations, which will increase the difficulty of integrating operations. The challenges involved in integrating the two businesses include, but are not
limited to, the following:  



retaining existing customers of each business;  



retaining and integrating management and other key employees of each of Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage to pursue the business objectives of the combined company;



consolidating product plans and coordinating research and development activities to permit efficient time-to-market introductions and time-to-volume production for new
products and technologies;  



integrating purchasing and procurement operations in multiple locations;  



integrating sales efforts so that customers can do business easily with the combined company;  



transitioning all facilities to common accounting and information technology systems;  



developing and maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies;  



maximizing efficiency of operations by eliminating redundant functions, centralizing functions in one location to the extent possible and discontinuing unprofitable
lines of business; and  



controlling the costs associated with integration.  

          It is not certain that Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage will be successfully integrated in a timely manner or at all or that any of the
anticipated benefits will be realized. The risks of unsuccessful integration of the companies include:  



impairment and/or loss of relationships with employees, customers and/or suppliers;  



disruption of the combined companys business;  



distraction of management; and  



adverse financial results related to unanticipated expenses associated with integration of the two businesses.  

          The combined company may
not succeed in addressing these risks. The combined company will operate in a highly competitive industry. Average selling prices for flat panel display applications and other electronics applications are expected to continue to decline, demand is
expected to continue to be volatile and industry margins are expected to continue to be tight, heightening the potential risks of a failure to achieve successful integration or expected cost reductions. Further, neither Genesis Microchip Delaware
nor Sage can assure you that the growth rate of the combined company will equal the historical growth rates experienced by Genesis Microchip or Sage considered separately.  

          Because Sage stockholders will receive a fixed ratio of 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock for each
share of Sage common stock, regardless of any changes in market value of Sage common stock, Genesis Microchip common shares or Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock before the completion of the merger, the actual value of the consideration to be
paid in the merger to Sage stockholders will not be certain until the merger occurs.  

          Upon completion of the merger, each share of Sage common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock (subject to
adjustment to reflect the effect of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reclassification or the like with respect to shares of Genesis Microchip or Genesis Microchip Delaware or Sage common stock). This exchange ratio is fixed, and
there will be no adjustment for changes in the market price of Genesis Microchip common shares, Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock or Sage common stock, and Sage is not permitted to withdraw from the merger or resolicit the vote of its
stockholders solely because of changes in the market price of Genesis Microchip common shares, Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock or Sage common stock. Following the conversion and immediately prior to the merger, Genesis Microchip common
shares will cease to be traded on the Nasdaq National Market and shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol GNSS. Accordingly, the dollar value of Genesis Microchip
Delaware common stock that Sage stockholders will receive upon completion of the merger will depend on the market value of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock at the time of completion of the merger, which may be different than the market value
of Genesis Microchip common shares on September 27, 2001 or October 24, 2001. The share prices of each company are subject to price fluctuations in the market for publicly traded equity securities, and each has experienced historical volatility. We
cannot predict the market prices for either Genesis Microchip common shares, Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock or Sage common stock at any time before the completion of the merger or the market price of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock
after completion of the merger. Sage stockholders are therefore urged to obtain current market quotations. The merger will not be completed until the conversion of Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation has been
completed and all regulatory approvals have been obtained and other closing conditions have been satisfied or waived. We cannot assure you that the value of the Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock that you will receive in the merger will not
decline prior to or after the merger.  

          If the
conversion is not approved by the shareholders of Genesis Microchip and the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia, the merger cannot be completed.  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, the conversion of Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation must be completed
in order to complete the merger with Sage. The 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia), which applies to Genesis Microchip, requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the number of shareholders of Genesis Microchip present, in person or by
proxy, at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting, as well the affirmative vote of holders of at least seventy-five percent of the common shares of Genesis Microchip shares present, in person or by proxy, at the special general meeting in
order to approve the conversion. The conversion also must be approved by the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia. Even if Genesis Microchip shareholders approve the issuance of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the merger, if the conversion is not
approved, the merger will not be consummated.  

          The operating
histories of Genesis Microchip and Sage make it difficult for you to evaluate the business of the combined company after the merger.  

          Genesis Microchip commenced operations in 1987, but did not achieve profitability until 1997. Sage commenced operations in 1995, but did not
generate material revenues from the sale of its semiconductor products until 1998. Thus, the operating histories of the two companies make it difficult to evaluate current business and prospects and predict future results of operations of the
combined company. Most of the expenses of both Genesis Microchip and Sage have been relatively fixed in the short term, and the combined company may not be able to quickly reduce spending if revenues are lower than projected. In addition, because
substantially all of the present customers of Genesis Microchip and Sage have ordered on a purchase order basis rather than on long-term purchase commitments, there is only a limited ability to project future revenues. An inability to reduce
spending in response to any unanticipated declines in revenues would harm the business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined company.  

          The directors and officers of Sage have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of
Sage stockholders generally. These interests could have affected their decision to enter into the merger agreement and agree to the merger.  

          The directors and officers of Sage have interests in the merger and participate in arrangements that are different from, or are in addition to,
those of Sage stockholders generally. These include the following:  



executives of Sage have entered into employment agreements with Genesis Microchip that will become effective upon completion of the merger, which agreements entitle
them to, among other benefits, options to purchase shares of the combined companys common stock following the merger and receipt of severance payments and accelerated vesting of assumed options in the event of a termination under various
circumstances;  



all directors and some of the executive officers of Sage have entered into voting agreements with Genesis Microchip under which they give Genesis Microchip the right
to vote their Sage shares in favor of adopting the merger agreement and the merger;  



two directors of Sage, Chandrashekar M. Reddy and N. Damodar Reddy, will become directors of the combined company; and  



directors and officers of Sage are entitled to specified indemnification rights.  

          Sage stockholders should consider whether their interests might have influenced these directors
and officers to support or recommend the merger. As of the close of business on the record date for the special meeting of Sage stockholders at which the merger agreement and the merger will be presented and voted upon, Sages officers and
directors, and their respective affiliates, together beneficially owned approximately                  shares of Sage common stock, excluding options to purchase Sage
common stock that were unexercised as of the record date, which represented approximately        % of all outstanding shares of Sage common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. See the section entitled
The Merger and Related TransactionsInterests of Sage Directors and Officers in the Merger beginning on page 58 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

          As a result of the merger, some customers who purchased products from both Genesis Microchip and Sage prior to the merger may
curtail or not do business with the combined company, which could cause a decline in the sales of the combined company.  

          Customers who have historically purchased products from both Genesis Microchip and Sage may seek additional or alternative solutions following the
merger. These customers may diversify their purchases by qualifying products from other suppliers and reducing their purchases from the combined company. The flat panel display applications industry is intensely competitive. The loss or reduction in
sales to historical customers of Genesis Microchip and Sage would harm the business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined company.  

          Genesis Microchip and
Sage may lose key customers, sales representatives, foundries, licensees, vendors, other business partners and employees due to uncertainties regarding the merger which could seriously harm the combined company.  

          Customers of Genesis Microchip and/or Sage may, in response to the
announcement of the merger, delay or defer purchasing decisions or elect to switch to other suppliers. Any delay, deferral or change in purchasing decisions by the customers of Genesis Microchip or Sage could seriously harm the business of the
combined company. Sales representatives, foundries, licensees, vendors and others doing business with Genesis Microchip or Sage may experience uncertainty about their future role with the combined company. Similarly, employees of Genesis Microchip
or Sage may experience uncertainty about their future role with the combined company until or after strategies with regard to the combined company are announced or executed. This may adversely affect the combined companys ability to attract
and retain key management, marketing and technical personnel. The loss of a significant group of key technical personnel would seriously harm the product development efforts of the combined company. The loss of key sales personnel could cause the
combined company to lose relationships with existing customers, which could cause a decline in the sales of the combined company.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage may be unable to attain the regulatory approvals required to complete the merger.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage intend to comply with the antitrust laws of the
United States and any other jurisdiction in which the merger is subject to review. However, the reviewing authorities may not permit the merger at all or may impose restrictions or conditions as a condition to approving the merger, such as mandatory
licenses or divestitures, that may impact the combined company if the merger were completed. It is a condition to completing the merger that all waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws expire or are terminated and that Sage and Genesis
Microchip obtain all governmental approvals without which the consummation of the merger would be prohibited.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage may also agree to restrictions or conditions imposed by antitrust authorities in order to obtain regulatory approval, and these restrictions or
conditions could harm the combined companys business. No additional shareholder approval is expected to be required or sought for any decision by Genesis Microchip or Sage, after the special general meeting of Genesis Microchips
shareholders and the special meeting of Sages stockholders, to agree to any terms and conditions necessary to resolve any regulatory objections to the merger, and stockholder approval will not be sought unless such stockholder approval is
required to approve such terms and conditions under applicable law.  

          In addition, during or after the statutory waiting periods, and even after completion of the merger, governmental authorities could challenge or seek to block the merger as they
deem necessary or desirable in the public interest. In addition, in some jurisdictions, a competitor, customer or other third party could initiate a private action under the antitrust laws challenging or seeking to enjoin the merger, before or after
it is completed. Genesis Microchip and Sage cannot assure you that a challenge to the merger will not be made or that, if a challenge is made, Genesis Microchip and Sage will prevail.  

          Failure to complete the merger could result in payment of a substantial termination fee,
could cause Genesis Microchips and/or Sages stock price to decline and could harm the future business and operations of Genesis Microchip and Sage.  

          The merger agreement contains conditions which Genesis Microchip and Sage must meet in order to complete the merger. In addition,
the merger agreement may be terminated by either Genesis Microchip or Sage under certain circumstances. If the merger is not completed, Genesis Microchip and Sage may be subject to the following material risks, among others:  



Sage may be required to pay Genesis Microchip a termination fee of $9.64 million, plus Genesis Microchips actual out-of-pocket fees expenses incurred in
connection with the merger (but in any event not to exceed $1.75 million in the aggregate);  



the price of Genesis Microchip common shares and Sage common stock may decline to the extent that the current market prices of Genesis Microchip common shares and Sage
common stock reflect a market assumption that the merger will be completed;  



Genesis Microchips and Sages costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting, financial printing and a portion of the financial advisory fees, must
be paid even if the merger is not completed; and  



The conversion will be completed and Genesis Microchips costs related to the conversion, such as legal, accounting, and financial printing fees, must be paid.

          Further, if the merger agreement
is terminated and the board of directors of either Genesis Microchip or Sage decide to seek another merger or business combination, Genesis Microchip and Sage may not find an equivalent or more attractive merger candidate. In addition, while the
merger agreement is in effect and subject to limited exceptions described on page 66 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Sage is generally prohibited from soliciting, initiating, encouraging, knowingly facilitating or inducing any inquiry with
respect to, participating in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or entering into, extraordinary transactions, such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination with any other party.  

          Future operating results of the combined company could be adversely affected as a result of
purchase accounting treatment and the impact of amortization and impairment of intangible assets relating to the merger.  

          In accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, Genesis Microchip Delaware will account for the merger using the purchase
method of accounting. Under the purchase method of accounting, Genesis Microchip Delaware will record the market value of the Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock issued in connection with the merger, the fair value of the options to purchase
Sage common stock that become options to purchase Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock and the amount of direct transaction costs as the cost of acquiring the business of Sage. Genesis Microchip Delaware will allocate that cost to the individual
assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including various identifiable intangible assets (such as acquired technology and acquired trademarks and trade names) and to in-process research and development, based on their respective fair values at the
date of the completion of the merger. Intangible assets will be required to be amortized prospectively over their estimated useful lives. The purchase price will also be allocated to deferred compensation, based on the portion of the intrinsic value
of the unvested Sage stock options assumed by Genesis Microchip Delaware to the extent that service is required after completion of the merger in order to vest. Any excess of the purchase price over those fair market values will be accounted for as
goodwill. Genesis Microchip Delaware will not be required to amortize goodwill against income but will be subject to periodic reviews for impairment. If Genesis Microchip Delaware is required to recognize an impairment charge, the charge will
negatively impact reported earnings in the period of the charge.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage expect to incur significant costs associated with the merger, regardless of whether the merger is completed.  

          Genesis Microchip estimates that it will incur direct transaction costs of
approximately $       million associated with the merger, which will be included as a part of the total purchase cost for accounting purposes. Sage incurred a $1.1 million expense through September 30, 2001 and it
estimates that it will incur additional direct transaction costs of approximately $       million in connection with the merger, which will be expensed in each quarter that such costs are incurred. We believe that the
combined company may incur charges to operations, which are not currently reasonably estimable, in the quarter in which the merger is completed or the following quarters, to reflect costs associated with integrating the two companies. The combined
company may incur additional material charges in subsequent quarters to reflect additional costs associated with the merger, which would seriously harm the business of the combined company. If the benefits of the merger do not exceed the costs
associated with the merger, including any dilution to Genesis Microchip Delawares stockholders, the combined companys financial results could suffer and the market price of the combined companys common stock could decline.

Risks Related to the Combined Companys Business Following the Merger

          The following risk factors relate to the
combined company and assume that the conversion and the merger have been completed.  

          The combined companys success will depend on demand for flat panel display applications and other display applications.  

          The combined companys ability to generate increased revenues will depend on the growth of
the demand for flat panel display applications. This industry is at an early stage of development. The combined companys continued growth will also depend upon demand for other display applications, including digital CRT monitors, and for
other consumer electronics, such as home theater, DVD, flat screen and digital television, and HDTV. Moreover, the combined companys ability to generate increased revenues is dependent on consumer willingness to adopt flat panel displays
instead of traditional CRT monitors. Presently, flat panel display technology competes directly with the dominant, industry standard CRT technology. The potential number of display applications and the timing of their development is uncertain and
will depend in particular upon:  



a significant reduction in the costs of products;  



the availability of components such as LCDs required by such products; and  



the emergence of competing technologies.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage expect that a substantial portion of the combined companys revenues will be derived from sales to customers for
flat panel display applications. These and other potential applications may not develop as expected, which would harm the combined companys business.  

          The combined companys products may not be accepted for flat panel display applications and other emerging applications.

          The combined companys success in the
industry for flat panel display applications, as well as digital CRTs, home theater, DVD, flat panel and digital television, HDTV and other applications will depend upon the extent to which manufacturers of those products incorporate the combined
companys integrated circuits into their products. The combined companys ability to sell products for these applications will depend upon demand for the functionality provided by the combined companys products. The failure of the
combined companys products to be accepted in flat panel display applications in particular would harm the combined companys business.  

          The combined company must develop new products and enhance existing products to meet OEM design requirements and design cycles.

          The combined company must develop new products
and enhance existing products with improved technologies to meet rapidly evolving customer requirements and industry standards. The combined company needs to design products for customers that continually require higher functionality at lower costs.
This requires the combined company to continue to add features to its products. The development process for these advances is lengthy and will require the combined company to accurately anticipate technological innovations and market trends.

          If the combined company fails to effectively
develop and introduce new products or product enhancements, that failure will harm our business. The combined company must integrate technologies previously developed by Genesis Microchip and Sage to create consolidated product plans. Failure to
integrate product plans in a timely manner could impair the combined companys ability to meet design requirements and design cycles of OEM customers. Any new products or product enhancements may not be accepted in new or existing markets.

          In addition, as customer
requirements and industry standards evolve, the combined company may incur charges related to excess and obsolete inventory. In this regard, in the March 2001 quarter Genesis Microchip incurred costs of $5.5 million attributable to a write-down of
prior-generation products and initial low manufacturing yield associated with one of Genesis Microchips new products.  

          Likewise, Genesis Microchip and Sage are developing consumer video products that are designed to conform to certain current video processing
industry standards. However, there can be no assurance that manufacturers will continue to follow these standards or that more desirable standards will not emerge. The acceptance of the combined companys products also depends in part upon
content providers developing and marketing content for end-user systems, such as video and audio playback systems, in a format compatible with the combined companys products. There can be no assurance that these or other factors beyond the
combined companys control will not adversely affect the development of markets for the combined companys products.  

          The combined company will face intense competition and may not be able to compete effectively.  

          The combined company will compete with both large companies and start-up companies, including
Macronix International Co., Ltd., Trumpion Microelectronics, Topro Technology Inc., SmartASIC, Philips Semiconductors, a division of Philips Electronics N.V., Pixelworks, Inc., and ST Microelectronics N.V. The combined companys business could
be harmed by these existing competitors announcing or introducing new products. Also, Genesis Microchip and Sage anticipate that as sales in the industry increase, current customers may increase or initiate internal supply of their own products and
competition from diversified electronic and semiconductor companies will intensify. The flat panel display product space in which the combined company will compete is experiencing rapid growth. The rapid growth in display applications is likely to
attract larger competitors, such as National Semiconductor Corp., Texas Instruments Inc., Analog Devices Inc. and other companies with significant patent portfolios and financial and operational resources to draw upon. The combined company may not
have adequate financial and operational resources available to compete effectively against these larger competitors. This increased competition could harm the combined companys business, by, for example, increasing pressure on profit margins
or causing the combined company to lose customers or sales opportunities.  

          A large percentage of each of Genesis Microchips and Sages revenues come from sales to a small number of large customers.  

          Genesis Microchips and Sages customers are large consumer
electronics companies with tremendous purchasing power and sales are derived from a limited number of customers. Sales to Genesis Microchips five largest customers accounted for 60.3% of Genesis Microchips revenues for the three months
ended September 30, 2001. Sales to each of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Acer Communications and Multimedia, LG Electronics Inc. and AOC International/Top Victory Electronics accounted for greater than 10% of Genesis Microchips revenues for
the three months ended September 30, 2001. Sales to Sages five largest customers accounted for 44.9% of Sages revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2001. Sales to each of Compal Electronics, Inc. and Panasonic accounted for
greater than 10% of Sages revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2001. Genesis Microchip and Sage expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a large amount of the combined companys revenues. All of
Genesis Microchips and Sages sales are made on the basis of purchase orders rather than long-term agreements so that any customer could cease purchasing products at any time without penalty. The decision by any large customer to decrease
or cease using Genesis Microchip and Sage products would harm the combined companys business.  

          Genesis Microchips and Sages semiconductor products are complex and are difficult to manufacture cost-effectively.  

          The manufacture of semiconductors is a complex process. It is often difficult for semiconductor
foundries to achieve acceptable product yields. Product yields depend on both product design and the manufacturing process
technology unique to the semiconductor foundry. Since low yields may result from either design or process difficulties, identifying yield problems can only occur well into the production cycle,
when actual product exists which can be analyzed and tested.  

          Defects in the combined companys products could increase costs and delay product shipments.  

          Although Genesis Microchip and Sage test their products, they are complex and may contain defects and errors. In the past
Genesis Microchip and Sage have encountered defects and errors in our products. Delivery of products with defects or reliability, quality or compatibility problems may damage the combined companys reputation and our ability to retain existing
customers and attract new customers. In addition, product defects and errors could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical resources, delayed product shipments, increased product returns, and product liability claims against
us which may not be fully covered by insurance. Any of these could harm the combined companys business.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage subcontract manufacturing, assembly and test operations.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage do not have their own fabrication facilities, assembly or testing operations. Instead, Genesis
Microchip and Sage rely on others to fabricate, assemble and test all products. No single product used by Sage is purchased from more than one supplier. There are many risks associated with the combined companys dependence upon outside
manufacturing, including:  



reduced control over manufacturing and delivery schedules of products;  



potential political or environmental risks in the countries where the manufacturing facilities are located;  



reduced control over quality assurance;  



difficulty of management of manufacturing costs and quantities;  



lack of control over contracts for the manufacture of products;  



potential lack of adequate capacity during periods of excess demand; and  



potential unauthorized use of intellectual property.  

          The combined company will depend upon outside manufacturers to fabricate silicon wafers on which integrated circuits are
imprinted. These wafers must be of acceptable quality and in sufficient quantity and the manufacturers must deliver them to assembly and testing subcontractors on time for packaging into final products. Genesis Microchip and Sage have at times
experienced delivery delays and long manufacturing lead times. These manufacturers fabricate, test and assemble products for other companies. Genesis Microchip and Sage cannot be sure that manufacturers will devote adequate resources to the
production of the combined companys products or deliver sufficient quantities of finished products to the combined company on time or at an acceptable cost. It might take some time to establish a strategic relationship with a new manufacturing
company. The combined company might be unable to readily obtain an alternative source of supply for any of its products if this proves necessary. Any occurrence of these manufacturing difficulties could harm the combined companys business.

          Genesis Microchips and Sages
third-party wafer foundries, third-party assembly and test subcontractors and significant customers are located in an area susceptible to earthquakes.  

          All of Genesis Microchips and Sages outside foundries and most third party assembly and test subcontractors are
located in Taiwan, which is an area susceptible to earthquakes. In addition, some significant customers are located in Taiwan. Damage caused by earthquakes in Taiwan may result in shortages in water or electricity or transportation which could limit
the production capacity of the combined companys outside foundries and the ability of subcontractors to provide assembly and test services. Any reduction in production
capacity or the ability to provide assembly and test services could cause delays or shortages in the combined companys product supply, which would harm the combined companys business.
Customers located in Taiwan were responsible for 41.8% of Genesis Microchips product revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2001 and 10.9% of Sages product revenue for the same period. If the facilities or equipment of the
combined companys customers are damaged by future earthquakes, they could reduce their purchases of products, which would harm the combined companys business. In addition, the operations of suppliers to the combined companys
outside foundries and the combined companys Taiwanese customers could be disrupted by future earthquakes, which could in turn harm the combined companys business by resulting in shortages in product supply or reduced purchases of
products.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage do not have
long-term commitments from their customers, and the combined company will allocate resources based on estimates of customer demand.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage make sales on the basis of purchase orders rather than long-term purchase commitments. The combined companys
customers may cancel or defer purchase orders for reasons outside the combined companys control, such as supply constraints for other components incorporated into their products or errors in their forecast of demand for their products. The
combined company will manufacture its products according to both the combined companys estimates of customer demand and its customers forecasts of their demand. This process will require the combined company to make multiple demand
forecast assumptions, each of which may introduce error into the combined companys estimates. If the combined company overestimates customer demand or if its customers overestimate the demand for their products, the combined company may
allocate resources to manufacturing products which the combined company may not be able to sell. As a result, excess inventory would increase the combined companys losses. Conversely, if the combined company underestimates customer demand or
if sufficient manufacturing capacity is unavailable, the combined company would forego revenue opportunities, lose market share and damage customer relationships.  

          The combined companys sales cycle may result in uncertainty and delays in generating revenues.  

          Because Genesis Microchips and Sages products are based on
new technology and standards, a sales process, typically requiring several months, is often required before potential customers begin the technical evaluation of these products. It can take an additional several months before a customer commences
volume shipments of systems that incorporate these products. However, even when a manufacturer decides to design these products into its systems, the manufacturer may never ship systems incorporating these products. Given a lengthy sales cycle, the
combined company may experience a delay between the time it increases expenditures for research and development, sales and marketing efforts and inventory and the time it generates revenues, if any, from these expenditures. As a result, the combined
companys business could be harmed if a significant customer reduces or delays orders or chooses not to release products incorporating the combined companys products.  

          The combined companys business will depend on relationships with industry leaders that
are non-binding.  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage
work closely with leaders in the industry to design products with improved performance, cost and functionality. Genesis Microchip and Sage typically commit significant research and development resources to such design activities and often divert
financial and personnel resources from other development projects to such design activities without entering into agreements obligating these industry leaders to continue the collaborative design project or to purchase the resulting products. The
failure of an industry leader to complete development of a collaborative design project or to purchase the products resulting from such projects would have an immediate and serious impact on the combined companys business, financial condition
and results of operations. The combined companys inability to establish such relationships in the future would, similarly, harm its business.  

          A large percentage of
the combined company's revenues will come from sales outside of North America, which creates additional business risks.  

          A large portion of the combined company's revenues will come from sales to customers outside of North America, particularly to equipment
manufacturers located in Japan and other parts of Asia. For the three months ended September 30, 2001 sales to regions outside of North America amounted to 93.4% of Genesis Microchips revenues and 67.5% of Sages revenues. Genesis
Microchip and Sage engage extensively in the international shipment of products to their customers, who in turn use international shipments to varying degrees to make deliveries to their customers. These sales and shipments are subject to numerous
risks, including:  



fluctuations in currency exchange rates, tariffs, import restrictions and other trade barriers;  



difficulties in maintaining sales representatives outside of the U.S. that are knowledgeable of the display applications industry, the video processing industry and
our range of products;  



unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;  



longer payment periods;  



potentially adverse tax consequences;  



difficulties related to design piracy of display and video processing technologies that may exist outside the U.S.;  



export license requirements;  



differing technology standards;  



political and economic instability;  



delays in deliveries as a result of grounding of flights; and  



unexpected changes in diplomatic and trade relationships.  

          To date, sales of Genesis Microchip and Sages products have been denominated exclusively in U.S. dollars. An increase in
the value of the U.S. dollar could increase the price of the combined companys products so that they become relatively more expensive to customers in the local currency of a particular country, potentially leading to a reduction in the
combined companys revenues and profitability.  

          Portions of Sages operations, including research and development efforts and support are performed in India, and risks related to those operations could harm the combined
company and negatively impact product sales.  

          Any risks relating to the political or economic conditions in India and the surrounding region, including risks relating to Indias national security situation, labor market
conditions or the effects of the current military action in the region, may adversely impact the combined companys ability to take advantage of operations in India. In addition, circumstances beyond the combined companys control at its
facilities, related to operating in a developing country, such as unreliable power supplies, may have a material adverse effect on research and development capabilities. Restrictive laws or policies on either the part of India or the United States
may constrain the combined companys ability to effectively operate in both countries. If the combined companys required to relocate its Indian facilities, a relocation may disrupt its business. In addition, the management of Genesis
Microchip does not have experience managing the operations of a subsidiary in India. Failure to effectively manage and integrate operations in India with those of Genesis Microchip would harm the business of the combined company.  

          The combined company
may be unable to adequately protect its intellectual property. Genesis Microchip and Sage rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods to protect proprietary
technologies.  

          Collectively, Genesis Microchip
and Sage have been issued patents and have a number of pending United States and foreign patent applications. However, Genesis Microchip and Sage cannot assure you that any patent will be issued as a result of any applications or, if issued, that
any claims allowed will be sufficiently broad to protect the combined companys technology. In addition, it is possible that existing or future patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. It may be possible for a third party to copy
or otherwise obtain and use the combined companys products, or technology without authorization, develop similar technology independently or design around the combined companys patents.  

          The combined companys competitors may also be able to design around the licensed patents.
The laws of certain foreign countries in which the combined companys products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect its products or intellectual property rights to the same extent
as the laws of the United States. There can be no assurance that the steps taken to protect the combined companys intellectual property rights will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of the combined companys technology or that
competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior.  

          A significant portion of the intellectual property acquired with Sages Faroudja acquisition is licensed to one of Sages subsidiaries by Yves Faroudja. There are risks
associated with this intellectual property because Sages subsidiary is a licensee and not the owner of such intellectual property rights. Under the subsidiarys agreement with Mr. Faroudja, he retains the non-exclusive right to license
his patents and technologies to third parties for use outside Sages subsidiarys field of use. Notwithstanding the particular terms of the license agreement with Mr. Faroudja, the combined company faces the risk that he may attempt to
terminate the granted licenses and that such an attempt may be successful or that the response to such attempt may consume substantial financial and personnel resources. In the event the combined companys resources are so consumed, such
consumption could have a material adverse affect on the combined companys business, financial condition and operating results.  

          Others may bring infringement claims against the combined company which could be time-consuming and expensive to defend.  

          In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United
States involving patents and other intellectual property rights. This litigation is widespread in the high-technology industry and is particularly prevalent in the semiconductor industry, where a number of companies aggressively use their patent
portfolios by bringing numerous infringement claims. In addition, in recent years, there has been an increase in the filing of so-called nuisance suits alleging infringement of intellectual property rights, which pressure defendants into
entering settlement arrangements to quickly dispose of such suits, regardless of their merits. The combined company may become a party to litigation in the future to protect its intellectual property or as a result of an alleged infringement of
others intellectual property. For example, Genesis Microchip is currently defending claims brought against it by Silicon Image, Inc.  

          These lawsuits could subject the combined company to significant liability for damages and invalidate its proprietary rights. These lawsuits,
regardless of their success, would likely be time-consuming and expensive to resolve and would divert management time and attention. Any potential intellectual property litigation also could force the combined company to do one or more of the
following:  



stop selling products or using technology that contain the allegedly infringing intellectual property;  



attempt to obtain a license to the relevant intellectual property, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; and  



attempt to redesign those products that contain the allegedly infringing intellectual property.  

          If the combined company
is forced to take any of these actions, it may be unable to manufacture and sell some of its products, which could harm its business.  

          The combined company may not be able to retain the key personnel if needs to succeed.  

          Competition for qualified management, engineering and technical employees is intense. As a
result, employees could leave with little or no prior notice. The combined company may not be able to retain employees. Current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company as a result of
the merger. This uncertainty may adversely affect the combined companys ability to retain key management, sales, marketing and technical personnel.  

          General economic conditions may reduce the combined companys revenues and harm its business.  

          As the businesses of Genesis Microchip and Sage have grown, the
companies have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in domestic and global economic conditions. Because of the recent economic slowdown in the United States and in Europe, many industries are delaying or reducing
technology purchases. As a result, if economic conditions in the U.S. and Europe worsen or if a wider or global economic slowdown occurs, the combined company may fall short of its revenue expectations for any given period. These conditions would
negatively affect its business and results of operations. In addition, weakness in the technology market could negatively affect the cash flow of customers who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to the combined company. This would
increase the combined companys credit risk exposure which could harm its financial condition.  

          In addition, political conditions, terrorist acts or acts of war (wherever located around the world) may cause damage or disruption to the combined companys business,
employees, supplies, distributors and resellers, and customers which could have a material adverse effect on its operations and financial results.  

          The combined company may make acquisitions, which involve numerous risks.  

          The combined companys growth is dependent upon industry growth and its ability to enhance
existing products and introduce new products on a timely basis. One of the ways the combined company may address this need to develop new products is through acquisitions of other companies.  

          Acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given
that future acquisitions, if any, will be successful and will not adversely affect the combined companys business, operating results or financial condition. We must also maintain our ability to manage any such growth effectively. Failure to
manage growth effectively and successfully integrate acquisitions made by us could materially harm the combined companys business and operating results.  

          The market price and trading volume of Genesis Microchips and Sages stock has fluctuated substantially and Genesis
Microchip Delawares may continue to do so.  

          The stock market has experienced large price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies and have often been unrelated to the operating
performance of these companies. These factors, as well as general economic and political conditions, may materially adversely affect the market price and trading volume of the Genesis Microchip Delawares common stock in the future. The market
price and trading volume of Genesis Microchip Delawares common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, including:  



actual or anticipated fluctuations in the combined companys operating results;  



changes in expectations as to the combined companys future financial performance;  



changes in financial estimates of securities analysts;  



changes in market valuations of other technology companies;  



announcements by the combined company or its competitors of significant technical innovations, design wins, contracts, standards or acquisitions;  



the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; and  



the number of shares of the combined company that are available for trading by the public and the trading volume of its shares.  

          Due to these factors, the price of the combined companys stock
may decline and the value of your investment would be reduced. In addition, the stock market experiences volatility often unrelated to the performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may cause the combined companys stock
price to decline regardless of its performance.  

Risks Related to the Conversion of Genesis Microchip from a
Nova Scotia Company to a Delaware Corporation  

          The following risk factors relate to the failure to complete the conversion of Genesis Microchip, a Nova Scotia company, to Genesis Microchip Delaware, a Delaware corporation,
and to tax risks related to the conversion.  

          Failure to complete the conversion could limit Genesis Microchips use of its common shares to acquire other companies, which would limit Genesis Microchips ability
to expand its business through acquisitions.  

          The principal reason for the conversion is to facilitate future acquisitions of other companies. Genesis Microchip is currently limited in the use of its common shares to acquire
U.S. corporations in a manner that would qualify as a tax-free reorganization under U.S. tax laws. If the conversion is not completed and Genesis Microchip is not able to provide a tax-free acquisition structure to U.S. corporations or their
stockholders, Genesis Microchips ability to expand its business by acquiring U.S. corporations would be limited, which could harm the business of Genesis Microchip and cause the price of its common shares to decline. In addition, certain costs
related to the conversion, such as legal, accounting and financial printing fees, must be paid even if the conversion is not completed.  

          Genesis Microchip may be unable to obtain the required court approval for completing the conversion.  

          The proposed conversion requires approval by the Supreme Court of Nova
Scotia. Prior to the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Genesis Microchip will obtain an interim order providing for the calling and holding of the Genesis Microchip special general meeting and other procedural matters. Subject to the
approval of the conversion at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting, the hearing to obtain a final order of the court is expected to take place on or about              , 2001 at
          time, at 
the Law Courts, 1815 Upper Water St., Halifax, Nova Scotia.  

THE SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING OF 

GENESIS MICROCHIP SHAREHOLDERS  

General 

          Genesis
Microchip is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to its shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the management of Genesis Microchip for use at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting of shareholders in
connection with the proposed conversion and merger.  

          This joint proxy statement/prospectus is first being furnished to Genesis Microchip shareholders on or about
                    , 2001.  

Date, Time and Place 

          The special general meeting of shareholders of Genesis Microchip will be held on
                        , 2001 at
                , local time at the offices of Genesis Microchip at 2150 Gold Street, Alviso, California 95002.  

Purpose of the Special General Meeting 

          At the Genesis Microchip special general meeting, Genesis Microchip shareholders will be asked:  

1.

to consider, pursuant to an interim order of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia dated
                        , 2001, and to vote upon a proposed resolution to approve an arrangement under Section 130 of the

Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) that will effectively convert Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia company to a newly formed Delaware corporation. In this conversion, Genesis Microchip will become an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis
Microchip Delaware, and shareholders of Genesis Microchip will become stockholders of Genesis Microchip Delaware;  

2.

to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Genesis Microchip Delaware, pursuant to the
agreement and plan of merger and reorganization, dated as of September 27, 2001, by and between Genesis Microchip and Sage, pursuant to which a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware will be merged into Sage and Sage will survive the
merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware; and  

3.

to transact such further or other business as may properly come before the special general meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.  

          Copies of the share exchange and arrangement
agreement and related exhibits, including the plan of arrangement, and the agreement and plan of merger and reorganization and related exhibits are attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annexes A through H. Genesis Microchip
shareholders are encouraged to read these documents and the other information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully before deciding how to vote.  

Record Date for the Special General Meeting 

          Only the Genesis Microchip shareholders whose names were entered on the register of shareholders of Genesis Microchip at the close of business on
                        , 2001, the record date fixed by the Genesis Microchip board of directors, will be entitled to notice of
and to attend in person, or appoint a proxy nominee to attend, the Genesis Microchip special general meeting and to vote at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting. As of
                        , 2001, there were
                         Genesis Microchip common shares outstanding.  

Vote Required 

          The
Genesis Microchip arrangement resolution must be approved by not less than a majority of the number of shareholders of Genesis Microchip represented in person or by proxy at the Genesis Microchip special general
meeting and the holders of at least seventy-five percent of the shares of Genesis Microchip present in person or by proxy at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting.  

          The issuance of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in
the merger must be approved by not less than a majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting.  

Quorum and Non-Registered Shareholders  

          Two or more persons present in person or by proxy or by any other duly authorized representative representing not less than a majority of the total number of Genesis Microchip
common shares issued and outstanding as of the record date shall constitute a quorum. If there is no quorum for the special general meeting, Genesis Microchip intends to adjourn the special general meeting for seven days as provided in its articles
of association. Genesis Microchip will then conduct a special general meeting at the adjourned time, and those shareholders present at the adjourned time shall constitute a quorum. In this case, the hearing at which Genesis Microchip will seek a
final order of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia to approve the Plan of Arrangement will also be adjourned for seven days or until such other date as the Court may determine.  

          Non-registered shareholders should follow the directions of their intermediaries with respect to the procedures to be
followed for voting. Generally, non-registered shareholders will not receive the same proxy form as distributed by Genesis Microchip to registered shareholders but will be provided with either a request for voting instructions or a proxy form
executed by the intermediary but otherwise uncompleted.  

          Intermediaries will then submit votes on behalf of the non-registered shareholders. If you are a non-registered shareholder, please submit your voting instructions to your
intermediary in sufficient time to ensure that your votes are received by Genesis Microchip 
before the special general meeting.  

Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

          If you submit a proxy that indicates an abstention from voting in all matters, your shares will be counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum at
the special general meeting, but they will not be voted on any matter at the special general meeting. In addition, the failure of a Genesis Microchip shareholder to return a proxy will have the effect of reducing the number of votes cast at the
special general meeting thereby also reducing the number of votes needed to approve the conversion and the share issuance in the merger. The failure to return a proxy may also contribute to a failure to obtain a quorum at the special general
meeting.  

          Under the rules that govern brokers who
have record ownership of shares that are held in street name for their clients, who are the beneficial owners of the shares, brokers have discretion to vote these shares on routine matters but not on non-routine matters. The approval of
the conversion and the share issuance in the merger at the special general meeting are not considered a routine matters. Accordingly, brokers will not have discretionary voting authority to vote your shares at the special general meeting. A
broker non-vote occurs when brokers deliver a proxy which indicates that they do not have discretionary voting authority and have not received instructions from the beneficial owners of the shares. At the special general meeting, broker
non-votes will be counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum. Broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the conversion. Broker non-votes will not affect the vote relating to the issuance of shares in the
merger. Because the conversion proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the number of shareholders present or represented at the special general meeting and the affirmative vote of at least seventy-five percent of the common
shares of Genesis Microchip present at the special general meeting, Genesis Microchip shareholders are urged to return the enclosed proxy card marked to indicate their vote.  

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses  

          Proxies may be solicited by mail, telephone, facsimile, telegram, in person or otherwise by representatives of Genesis Microchip. The cost of solicitation will be borne by Genesis
Microchip. Genesis Microchip has
retained Innisfree M&A Incorporated to assist in the solicitation of proxies. Genesis Microchip estimates that it will pay Innisfree a fee not to exceed
$                 for its services and will reimburse Innisfree for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. In addition, Genesis Microchip may reimburse brokerage firms and
other persons representing beneficial owners of shares for their expenses in forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Certain directors, officers, or other employees of Genesis Microchip may supplement the original solicitation
of proxies by mail with telephone, facsimile, telegram or personal solicitation, without payment of additional compensation.  

Voting of Proxies at the Special General Meeting and Revocation of Proxies  

          The forms of proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus confer discretionary authority upon the proxy nominee with respect to any
amendments or variations to the matter identified in the notice of special general meeting of shareholders of Genesis Microchip and any other matter which may properly come before the Genesis Microchip special general meeting or any adjournment
thereof.  

          If a proxy given to Genesis Microchip
management is signed and returned, the securities represented by the proxy will be voted for or against the Genesis Microchip arrangement resolution and issuance of shares of Genesis Microchip Delawares common stock in the merger, in
accordance with the instructions marked on the proxy. If no instructions are marked, the securities represented by such a proxy will be voted 
FOR
 the Genesis Microchip arrangement resolution and issuance of shares of Genesis
Microchip Delawares common stock in the merger, and in accordance with Genesis Microchip managements recommendation with respect to amendments or variations of the matters set out in the Genesis Microchip notice of special general
meeting or any other matters which may properly come before the Genesis Microchip special general meeting.  

          The persons named in the Genesis Microchip forms of proxy are officers of Genesis Microchip. A Genesis Microchip shareholder has the right to appoint a person (who need not be a
Genesis Microchip shareholder) to represent such shareholder at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting other than the persons designated in the form of proxy and may exercise such right by inserting the name in full of the desired person in
the blank space provided in the Genesis Microchip forms of proxy and striking out the names now designated.  

          Shareholders who do not expect to attend the Genesis Microchip special general meeting in person are requested to complete, sign, date and return the enclosed appropriate form of
proxy in the enclosed prepaid envelope provided. Registered Genesis Microchip shareholders may not vote their proxies by telephone or the Internet. Non-registered shareholders may be able to submit voting instructions by telephone or via the
Internet at the discretion of their intermediary.  

          A
Genesis Microchip shareholder executing the form of proxy enclosed with the Genesis Microchip circular has the power to revoke it by:  



instrument in writing executed by the Genesis Microchip shareholder or an attorney authorized in writing or, where the Genesis Microchip shareholder is a corporation,
by a duly authorized officer or attorney of the corporation;  



by executing and delivering a proxy bearing a later date; or  



by attending the meeting and voting in person.  

          An instrument of revocation must be delivered to Innisfree M&A Incorporated, 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, New York 10022 or to the
registered office of Genesis Microchip at any time before the Genesis Microchip special general meeting or any adjournment thereof, or to the chairman of the Genesis Microchip special general meeting on the day of the Genesis Microchip special
general meeting or any adjournment thereof before any vote in respect of which the proxy is to be used is taken or in any other manner permitted by law.  

Dissenting Shareholder Rights  

          Genesis Microchip shareholders may dissent from the arrangement by exercising their right of
dissent pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement. If the arrangement becomes effective, a Genesis Microchip shareholder who properly dissents will be entitled to be paid by Genesis Microchip the fair value of its Genesis Microchip common shares
determined as of the close of business on the day before the arrangement resolution is adopted. This right to dissent is described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and in the plan of arrangement, which is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as part of Annex E. A non-registered holder who wishes to exercise the right to dissent should immediately contact the intermediary with whom the non-registered holder deals in respect of the Genesis Microchip common shares.

The dissent procedures require that a registered shareholder of Genesis Microchip common shares who wishes to dissent must provide a written notice of dissent to Genesis Microchip at the special general meeting, or by sending it to Genesis
Microchips corporate secretary at 165 Commerce Valley Drive W., Thornhill, Ontario L3T 7V8, prior to the termination of the special general meeting. It is important that Genesis Microchip shareholders strictly comply with the dissent
procedures and other procedural requirements described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and Annex E. Failure to comply strictly with the dissent procedures will result in the loss or unavailability of any right of dissent.

Other Matters  

          As at the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, management of Genesis Microchip is not aware of any amendments or
variations to the Genesis Microchip arrangement resolution or the proposal for the issuance of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the merger, or of any other matter to be presented for action at the Genesis Microchip special
general meeting.  

Share Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Shareholders  

          At the close of business on the record date, directors and executive
officers of Genesis Microchip and their affiliates beneficially owned and were entitled to vote approximately
                         Genesis Microchip common shares, collectively representing less than
            % of the Genesis Microchip common shares outstanding on that date. Each director and executive officer of Genesis Microchip has indicated his present intention to vote, or cause
to be voted, the Genesis Microchip common shares owned by him 
FOR
 the arrangement resolution and the issuance of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the merger.  

          To the knowledge of the directors and senior officers of Genesis Microchip, as of the record
date, FMR Corp. and Putnam Investment Management Inc. beneficially owned and were entitled to vote approximately              and
             Genesis Microchip common shares, respectively representing              and
            % of the Genesis Microchip common shares outstanding on that date.  

Recommendation of the Genesis Microchip Board of Directors 

          The board of directors of Genesis Microchip has approved the arrangement and the conversion contemplated by the share exchange and arrangement agreement and plan of arrangement,
the merger contemplated by the merger agreement and the issuance of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the merger. Accordingly, the board of directors recommends that the shareholders of Genesis Microchip vote 
FOR
 approval
of the Genesis Microchip arrangement and the conversion and 
FOR
 approval of the issuance of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the merger.  

          The matters to be considered at the Genesis Microchip special general meeting are of great importance to the shareholders of
Genesis Microchip. Accordingly, you are urged to read and carefully consider the information presented in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including its annexes, and to complete, date, sign and promptly return the applicable enclosed form of
proxy card in the enclosed postage paid envelope.  

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF SAGE STOCKHOLDERS 

General 

          Sage is
furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to its stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the management of Sage for use at the Sage special meeting of stockholders in connection with the proposed merger.

          This joint proxy statement/prospectus is first
being furnished to Sage stockholders on or about         , 2001.  

Date, Time and Place 

          The special meeting of stockholders of Sage will be held on
                        , 2001 at
                , local time at the offices of Sage at 1601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035.  

Purpose of the Special Meeting 

          At the Sage special meeting, Sage stockholders will be asked:  

          1.    to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the agreement and plan of merger and reorganization, dated
September 27, 2001, by and between Genesis Microchip and Sage and to approve the merger described therein. Prior to the merger, Genesis Microchip will effectively convert from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation. Pursuant to the merger
agreement, a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware will be merged into Sage and Sage will survive the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware. Each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of Sage will be canceled and converted into the right to receive 0.571 of a share of common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware; and  

          2.    to transact such other business as may properly come before the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement
thereof.  

          A copy of the agreement and plan of merger
and reorganization is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. Sage stockholders are encouraged to read the merger agreement and related exhibits in their entirety and the other information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, including the annexes, carefully before deciding how to vote.  

Record Date for the Special Meeting 

          Only holders of record of Sage common stock at the close of business on
                        , 2001, the record date, are entitled to notice of the special meeting and to vote at the special
meeting. As of                         , 2001, there were
                         shares of Sage common stock outstanding.  

Vote Required 

          The
affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Sage common stock, represented in person or by proxy at the Sage special meeting, is required to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the merger. Sage stockholders
are entitled to one vote on the proposals presented at the Sage special meeting for each share of Sage common stock held by them on the record date.  

Quorum, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 

          The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Sage common stock entitled to vote at the Sage special meeting shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business at the meeting. If a properly executed proxy is returned and the stockholder has abstained from voting, the Sage common stock represented by the proxy will be considered present at the special meeting for the
purpose of determining a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor of approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger. Similarly, if an executed proxy is returned by a broker holding shares of Sage common stock in
street name that indicates that the broker does not have discretionary authority to vote on the adoption of the merger agreement, the shares will be considered present at the meeting for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, but will not
be considered to have been voted in favor of adoption of the merger agreement. Because the adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Sage common stock, abstentions, failures to
vote and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against adoption of the merger agreement.  

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

          Proxies may be solicited by mail, telephone, facsimile, telegram, in person or otherwise by representatives of Sage. The cost of solicitation will be borne by Sage. Sage has
retained Innisfree M&A Incorporated to assist in the solicitation of proxies. Sage estimates that it will pay Innisfree a fee not to exceed $                 for its
services and will reimburse Innisfree for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. In addition, Sage may reimburse brokerage firms and other persons representing beneficial owners of shares for their expenses in forwarding solicitation materials to such
beneficial owners. Certain directors, officers, or other employees of Sage may supplement the original solicitation of proxies by mail with telephone, facsimile, telegram or personal solicitation, without payment of additional compensation.

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and Revocation of Proxies 

          Sage stockholders that are unable to attend the special meeting may vote by proxy. Properly completed and returned proxy cards will be voted according to the instructions set forth
on the proxy card. If a proxy card is signed and returned without choices specified, in the absence of contrary instructions, the shares of Sage common stock represented by the proxy will be voted 
FOR
 the adoption and approval of
the merger agreement and the approval of the merger and will be voted in the proxyholders discretion as to such other matters that may properly come before the Sage special meeting. Proxy cards submitted will continue to be valid at any
adjournment or postponement of the Sage special meeting.  

          Stockholders who do not expect to attend the Sage special meeting in person are requested to complete, sign, date and return the enclosed appropriate form of proxy in the prepaid
envelope provided.  

          A Sage stockholder executing the
form of proxy enclosed with the joint proxy statement/prospectus has the power to revoke it by:  



instrument in writing executed by the Sage stockholder or an attorney authorized in writing or, where the Sage stockholder is a corporation, by a duly authorized
officer or attorney of the corporation;  



by executing and delivering a proxy bearing a later date; or  



by attending the meeting and voting in person.  

          An instrument of
revocation must be delivered to Innisfree M&A Incorporated, 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, New York 10022, at any time before the Sage special meeting or any adjournment thereof, or to the secretary of Sage on the day of the Sage
special meeting or any adjournment thereof before any vote in respect of which the proxy is to be used is taken or in any other manner permitted by law.  

          Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders may vote electronically. As a result, in lieu of returning signed proxy cards, Sage
stockholders of record can vote their shares over the Internet, or by calling a specially designated telephone number. These Internet and telephone voting procedures are designed to authenticate stockholders identities, to allow stockholders
to provide their voting instructions, and to confirm that their instructions have been recorded properly. Sage has been advised by counsel that the procedures which have been put in place are consistent with the requirements of applicable law.
Specific instructions for stockholders of record who wish to use the Internet or telephone voting procedures are set forth on the enclosed proxy card.  

Dissenting Stockholder Rights 

          Sage stockholders are not entitled to any appraisal or dissenters rights with respect to the merger.  

Other Matters 

          Sage does
not expect that any matter other than approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger will be brought before the special meeting. If, however, other matters are properly presented, the persons named as proxies will vote in
accordance with their judgment with respect to those matter, unless authority to do so is withheld in the proxy.  

Share Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners 
of Sage  

          As described on page     , the following officers and directors of Sage have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the
interests of other Sage stockholders: Chandrashekar M. Reddy, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors; Michael Gumport, director; Glenn Marschel, director; N. Damodar Reddy, director; Donald S. Butler, vice president
engineering; Arun Johary, chief technology Officer; Pratap G. Reddy, chief operating officer; Aditya Srinivasan, vice president marketing and LCD Monitors; and Simon P. Westbrook, chief financial officer. The above officers and directors, each of
whom are affiliates of Sage, together beneficially owned approximately       % shares of Sage common stock, which represent approximately
                 of all outstanding shares of Sage common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting
on                        , 2001.  

          Each director and executive officer of Sage has indicated his present intention to vote, or cause to be voted, the shares of Sage
common stock owned by him or her 
FOR
 the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger.  

THE MERGER AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

          The following is a description of the material aspects of the proposed merger and related transactions, including the merger agreement and certain other agreements entered into
in connection with the merger agreement. While we believe that the following description covers the material terms of the merger and related transactions, the description may not contain all of the information that is important to you. We encourage
you to read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents we refer to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the merger agreement attached to this document as Annex A, for a more complete understanding
of the merger and the related transactions.  

Background of the Merger 

          Senior management of Genesis Microchip and Sage have met with each other in various industry and business settings from time to time. These executives discussed topics relating to
the industry in which their businesses operate.  

          In
February 2000, Mr. Alex Lushtak, a Genesis Microchip board member, and Mr. Chandrashekar Reddy, president and chief executive officer of Sage, met for lunch. At their meeting, Mr. Lushtak inquired whether Sage had an interest in entering into
discussions regarding a possible business combination with Genesis Microchip. Mr. Reddy expressed his concern that Sage had recently publicly announced but not closed its acquisition of Faroudja, Inc. Accordingly, Mr. Reddy indicated that Sage was
not interested in pursuing such a combination.  

          In
early January 2001, Messrs. Lushtak and Reddy met at Mr. Reddys request. At that meeting, Mr. Reddy indicated that Sage was interested in pursuing discussions with Genesis Microchip relating to a possible business combination. Mr. Lushtak
indicated that Genesis Microchip was not interested in pursuing a business combination with Sage at that time.  

          In April 2001, members of Sages management were contacted by representatives of another company expressing an interest in exploring a possible strategic business combination
with Sage. Sage subsequently engaged U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, as its financial advisor, to assist and advise Sage in reviewing possible strategic business combinations.  

          The Sage board of directors met on April 25, 2001. At that meeting, Sages legal counsel, Morrison & Foerster LLP, and
its financial advisor discussed some of the issues that the Sage board of directors should consider in evaluating and structuring business combinations. From late April 2001 through early July 2001, Sages management and its financial advisor
evaluated the benefits of a possible business combination. In connection with its evaluation process, Sage entered into several confidentiality agreements with other companies relating to the exchange of non-public information. Members of
Sages management and its financial advisor also engaged in discussions with several different parties relating to a possible business combination.  

          In early June 2001, Mr. Lushtak, chairman of the board of directors of Genesis Microchip, and Mr. Amnon Fisher, chief executive officer of Genesis
Microchip, met with Mr. Reddy and Mr. Pratap Reddy, chief operating officer of Sage. Messrs. Lushtak and Fisher indicated that Genesis Microchip might be willing to consider pursuing a business combination with Sage on a stock-for-stock basis. The
parties discussed alternative methods of determining an appropriate exchange ratio. The discussions remained at a general level, and the parties did not reach any agreement regarding the specific terms of a business combination at that time.

          Messrs. Lushtak and Fisher, together with Mr.
Robert Tillman, a consultant to Genesis Microchip, met with Mr. Reddy again later that month. At that meeting, the parties further discussed the terms of a possible business combination, including an appropriate exchange ratio. No agreement was
reached, although the representatives of each of Genesis Microchip and Sage agreed to relay their discussion to their respective boards of directors and to
continue their discussions at a later date. Subsequently, Genesis Microchip engaged Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, Inc., or DrKW, as financial advisor to Genesis Microchip.  

          On June 13, 2001, Genesis Microchip and Sage entered into a
confidentiality agreement and the parties began conducting their due diligence. From June 13, 2001 through July 17, 2001, representatives of Genesis Microchip, its financial advisors, and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, legal counsel to
Genesis Microchip, and representatives of Sage, its financial and legal advisors conducted legal, financial and business due diligence.  

          During the period from June 18, 2001 through June 22, 2001, representatives of Genesis Microchip and Sage, together with their financial and legal
advisors, continued negotiating the terms and conditions of a possible merger agreement. The parties were unable to reach agreement on an appropriate exchange ratio and ceased their discussions. No additional meetings were scheduled.

          In early-to-mid July 2001, Messrs. Lushtak and
Reddy spoke on a number of occasions by telephone and indicated that they remained interested in a possible business combination and scheduled further meetings.  

          From July 12 through July 17, 2001, Sage and Genesis Microchip, together with their financial and legal advisors, engaged in
legal, financial and business due diligence. During this time, the parties continued their negotiations of the terms and conditions of a merger agreement, including an appropriate exchange ratio. The parties, however, were again unable to reach an
agreement on an appropriate exchange ratio and terminated their discussions.  

          Between July 18, 2001 and August 24, 2001, representatives of Sage met with representatives of another company to discuss a possible business combination. From July 25, 2001
through August 24, 2001, Sage and another company and their representatives conducted due diligence and negotiated possible terms and transaction documents. At a meeting of the Sage board of directors on August 17, 2001, Sages management and
its financial and legal advisors summarized the status of the negotiations with the other company. The parties failed to reach agreement on the terms of a business combination and, by August 24, 2001, decided to terminate their discussions.

          In early September 2001, Messrs. Lushtak and Reddy
discussed their continued interest in a business combination of the two companies and the possibility of resuming negotiations. Messrs. Lushtak and Reddy arranged to meet later that month to discuss whether the two companies could reach agreement on
the terms and conditions of such a combination.  

          On
September 15, 2001, Messrs. Lushtak, Tillman, Reddy, and Pratap Reddy met to discuss the terms of a business combination. The exchange ratio for a possible business combination was again discussed but no agreement was reached.  

          On September 20, 2001, Messrs. Tillman and Pratap Reddy met again to
continue their discussion of possible terms. Messrs. Tillman and Pratap Reddy discussed their different views on the principles to use to establish an appropriate exchange ratio. The parties discussed, among other factors, the historical performance
of each of Genesis Microchip and Sage. Although Messrs. Tillman and Pratap Reddy did not reach final agreement, they agreed to relay their discussions to the chief executive officer of each of Genesis Microchip and Sage.  

          Over the course of the next several days, several meetings occurred between
representatives of Genesis Microchip and Sage, and their respective financial and legal advisors, as the parties intensified their due diligence activities and continued the preparation and negotiation of transaction documents. During this time, the
parties negotiated the terms of the merger agreement, including provisions relating to Sages business during the period after execution of the merger agreement but prior to consummation of the merger, the situations under which the parties
could terminate the merger agreement and under which termination fees would be payable, and the circumstances under which Sage could review and accept alternative proposals.  

          From September 25, 2001
through September 27, 2001, the board of directors of Genesis Microchip held three meetings to consider a business combination with Sage. At those meetings, Mr. Fisher and other members of Genesis Microchips management reviewed the proposed
business combination with the Genesis Microchip board of directors, including the strategic reasons for the business combination, the principal terms of the business combination, a financial review of the business combination, a review of
Sages financial condition and business operations and the results of Genesis Microchips due diligence.  

          At these Genesis Microchip board meetings, legal counsel discussed the fiduciary duties of directors in considering a strategic business combination and further discussed the terms
of the merger agreement and related documents. Representatives of DrKW presented to Genesis Microchips board of directors a summary of its financial analyses related to the consideration to be exchanged in the proposed business combination. At
the board meeting on September 27, 2001, DrKW delivered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that the ratio for exchanging shares of Sage common stock for shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock contemplated by the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Genesis Microchip. Upon completing the deliberations at its board meeting on September 27, 2001, the board of directors of Genesis Microchip unanimously approved the merger agreement and related
agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements, declared them advisable and resolved to recommend that Genesis Microchips shareholders approve the issuance of shares in connection with the merger.  

          Also on September 26 and 27, 2001, the board of directors of Sage held three
meetings to consider a business combination with Genesis Microchip. At those meetings, Mr. Reddy and other members of Sages management reviewed the proposed business combination with the Sage board of directors, including the strategic reasons
for the business combination, the principal terms of the business combination, a review of Genesis Microchips financial condition and business operations and the results of Sages due diligence.  

          At these Sage board meetings, legal counsel discussed the fiduciary duties of directors in
considering a strategic business combination and further discussed the terms of the merger agreement and related documents. Representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray presented to Sages board of directors a summary of its financial analyses
related to the consideration to be exchanged in the proposed business combination. At the board meeting on September 27, 2001, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray delivered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of such date, the ratio
for exchanging shares of Sage common stock for shares of Genesis Microchip common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Sages common stock. Upon completing its deliberations at its board
meeting on the evening of September 27, 2001, the board of directors of Sage unanimously approved the merger agreement and the related agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements, declared them advisable and resolved to
recommend that Sages stockholders approve the merger agreement and the merger.  

          After negotiation of the final terms of the merger agreement and the related agreements, representatives of both Sage and Genesis Microchip executed the merger agreement. In
addition, certain officers of Sage entered into a voting agreement with Genesis Microchip pursuant to which they agreed to vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.  

          On September 28, 2001, the parties issued a joint press release announcing the proposed merger of Genesis Microchip and
Sage.  

Reasons for the Merger 

          The boards of directors of Genesis Microchip and Sage, at separate meetings held on September 27, 2001, each unanimously approved the merger agreement and the related agreements
and the transactions contemplated by those agreements, declared them advisable. The Sage board of directors resolved to recommend that its stockholders approve the merger agreement and the merger and the Genesis Microchip board of directors resolved
to recommend that its shareholders approve the issuance of shares in connection with the merger.  

          In reaching their
separate decisions, each board consulted with its senior management, and financial and legal advisors, and considered a number of factors. In view of the complexity and wide variety of information and factors, both positive and negative, considered
by each board, neither board found it practical to qualify, rank or otherwise assign any relative or specific weights to the factors it considered. In addition, neither board reached any specific conclusion with respect to each of the factors it
considered, or any aspect of any particular factor. Instead, each board conducted an overall analysis of the factors it considered. In considering those factors, individual members of each board may have given weight to different factors. Each board
considered all of those factors as a whole and believed that those factors supported its decision.  

          Both boards recognize that the flat panel applications industry is highly competitive and will only become more competitive as the industry expands rapidly in the near future. They
believe that the merger will expand the combined companys financial, technological, operational, and marketing resources and capabilities that will be necessary to compete successfully in this industry against companies with far greater
resources and capabilities such as Philips, ST Microelectronics N.V., Asian foundries including Macronix, and new entrants.  

          The parties also both recognize that the demand for their products is highly volatile. Additionally, the parties recognize that average selling
prices for their products have been declining, and likely will continue to do so, which will place intense pressure on profit margins. Moreover, the parties recognize that customers increasingly demand faster time-to-market and in order to keep pace
with the rapid development of the technology, both Genesis and Sage believe that it is necessary to expand their resources to accommodate customer demands.  

          Both boards believe that the combination of Genesis Microchip and Sage will create a more efficient and competitive industry
participant, with enhanced prospects for continued viability, by:  



developing the business of the combined company by adding size, scale and scope to improve the companys ability to respond to increasing competition from
companies with far greater resources as well as the numerous other companies that focus solely on one or more specialty products;  



creating significant opportunities for cost reduction through the integration of the operations of the two businesses and the elimination of redundant overhead
expenses and duplicate sales, marketing and administrative functions;  



combining the companies complementary technologies to expand their individual products and offer a full range of product solutions to each of the companies
customers;  



combining each companys global geographic strengths to create an efficient and competitive global sales network;  



combining the manufacturing know-how and talent of the companies in order to work effectively with their foundries to bring new and better products to market more
quickly and at greater volume;  



combining the companies engineering resources and complementary technologies to be able to focus on new innovative technologies including expanding the combined
companys product line into new vertical applications such as consumer electronics, as well as best of breed next generation products; and  



responding to customer demands by creating a global customer support and response network by integrating the complementary positioned technical support staff of the
two companies, allowing them to assist their customers in integrating the combined companys technology into their product lines.  

Recommendation of the Genesis Microchip Board of Directors 

          Genesis Microchips board of directors consulted with senior management of Genesis Microchip and Genesis Microchips financial and legal advisors and considered a number
of factors, including those set forth below, in reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, and to recommend that Genesis Microchips shareholders vote 
FOR 
approval of the Genesis Microchip Delaware stock issuance. Genesis Microchips board of
directors considered factors that it believes will contribute to the success of the combined company, including the following:  



expanded technological expertise through the acquisition of the Indian operations of Sage;  



broadened product offerings through the acquisition of consumer chip technology of Faroudja;  



enhanced in-house intellectual property expertise and know-how;  



creating a global sales force and expanded customer relationships;  



accelerating introduction of Genesis Microchip technology by combining Sages complementary technologies and engineering talent;  



expanded research and development focus, through the addition of more expertise;  



responding to customer demands by creating a global customer support and response network by integrating the complementary positioned technical support staff of the
two companies, allowing them to assist their customers in integrating the combined companys technology into their product lines; and  



improved operating margins through lower production costs by, among other things, increased efficiencies and the elimination of redundant costs in the combined entity.

          In addition, Genesis
Microchips board of directors also considered the detailed financial analysis and pro forma and other information with respect to the companies presented to the board, including the opinion of Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, Inc. that, as of
the date of its opinion, the exchange ratio to be used in the merger is fair from a financial point of view to Genesis Microchip. This opinion is subject to assumptions and limitations noted in the opinion and described under Opinion of
Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, and you should carefully read both that section and the opinion that is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C.  

          After taking into account these and other factors, the Genesis Microchip board of directors unanimously determined that the
merger agreement was in the best interest of Genesis Microchip and its shareholders and that Genesis Microchip should enter into the merger agreement and complete the merger.  

Opinion of Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein 

          Pursuant to an engagement letter dated June 19, 2001, Genesis Microchip retained Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, Inc., or DrKW, as its financial advisor in connection with the
proposed merger of Genesis Microchip and Sage.  

          At
the meeting of the board of directors of Genesis Microchip on September 27, 2001, DrKW rendered its oral opinion to the board of directors of Genesis Microchip, subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of such date, the exchange ratio provided
for pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, dated as of September 27, 2001, was fair to Genesis Microchip from a financial point of view.  

          The full text of DrKWs opinion, dated September 27, 2001, to the board of directors of Genesis Microchip, which sets forth, among other
things, the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached here as Annex C and is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. Holders of Genesis Microchip
common stock are urged to read this opinion carefully and in its entirety. DrKWs opinion is addressed to the board of directors of Genesis Microchip and relates only to the fairness of the exchange ratio in the merger from a financial point of
view. DrKWs opinion does not address any other aspect of the proposed merger or any related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to any matter relating to the merger. Specifically, DrKWs opinion does
not address Genesis Microchips underlying business decision to effect the transactions contemplated by the  

merger agreement nor the relative merits of the merger or conversion as compared to any alternative transaction or business strategy under consideration by Genesis Microchip. The summary of
DrKWs opinion in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.  

          In connection with rendering its opinion, DrKW reviewed and considered:  



a draft of the merger agreement, dated as of September 27, 2001, and assumed that the final form of the merger agreement did not differ in any material respect from
the draft provided to DrKW;  



certain publicly available business and financial information relating to Sage and Genesis Microchip for recent years and interim periods; and  



certain internal financial and operating information, including financial forecasts, analyses and projections prepared by or on behalf of Sage and Genesis Microchip
and provided to DrKW for purposes of its analysis.  

          In addition, DrKW met with the management of Sage and Genesis Microchip to review and discuss, among other matters, Sages and Genesis Microchips business, operations,
assets, financial condition and future prospects.  

          DrKW also reviewed and considered:  



certain financial and stock market data relating to Sage and Genesis Microchip, and compared that data with similar data for certain other companies, the securities of
which are publicly traded, that DrKW believes may be relevant or comparable in certain respects to Sage and Genesis Microchip or one or more of their respective businesses or assets; and  



the financial terms of selected recent acquisitions and business combination transactions in the multimedia semiconductor industry specifically, and in the
semiconductor industry generally, that DrKW believes to be reasonably comparable to the merger or otherwise relevant to DrKWs inquiry.  

          DrKW also performed such other financial studies, analyses, and investigations and reviewed such other information as DrKW
considered appropriate for purposes of its opinion.  

          In its review and analysis and in formulating its opinion, DrKW assumed and relied without independent verification upon:  



the accuracy and completeness of all of the historical financial and other information provided to or discussed with DrKW or publicly available; and



the reasonableness and accuracy of the financial projections, forecasts and analyses provided to DrKW, including estimates of savings and other effects on operating
results expected to result from consummation of the merger.  

          Furthermore, DrKW assumed all such projections, forecasts and analyses provided to it were reasonably prepared in good faith and on bases reflecting the best judgments and
estimates of Sage and Genesis Microchip management available at that time. DrKW expresses no opinion with respect to such projections, forecasts and analyses or the assumptions upon which they are based. In addition, DrKW did not review any of the
books and records of Sage and Genesis Microchip, or assume any responsibility for conducting a physical inspection of the properties or facilities of Sage and Genesis Microchip, or for making or obtaining an independent valuation or appraisal of the
assets or liabilities of Sage and Genesis Microchip, and no such independent valuation or appraisal was provided to DrKW.  

          DrKW noted that the conversion together with the merger are intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for United States Federal tax purposes,
and DrKW assumed that the conversion and the merger will so qualify.

          DrKW did not
take into account, nor did DrKW consider any potential tax consequences to stockholders of Genesis Microchip or Genesis Microchip Delaware that may result from either the conversion or the merger. DrKW also assumed that obtaining all regulatory and
other approvals and third party consents required for consummation of the merger and the conversion will not have an adverse impact on Genesis Microchip or Sage or on the anticipated benefits of the merger, and DrKW assumed that the transactions
described in the merger agreement will be consummated without waiver or modification of any of the material terms or conditions contained therein by any party thereto. Furthermore, DrKW assumed that the conversion will not result in the creation of
any liability of Genesis Microchip or have any other adverse effect on Genesis Microchip. DrKWs opinion is necessarily based on economic and market conditions and other circumstances as they existed and could be evaluated by DrKW as of
September 27, 2001. DrKW did not express any opinion as to the prices at which any securities of Genesis Microchip, Genesis Microchip Delaware or Sage will actually trade at any time.  

          In preparing its opinion to the Genesis Microchip board of directors, DrKW performed a variety
of financial and comparative analyses including those described below. The summary of DrKWs analyses described below is not a complete description of the analyses underlying its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
analytical process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, DrKW made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor that it considered. Accordingly, DrKW believes that its analyses
must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and opinion.  

          In its analyses, DrKW considered industry performance, regulatory, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of Genesis Microchip and Sage. No company, transaction or business used in DrKWs analyses as a comparison is identical to Genesis Microchip and Sage or the proposed merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses is not
entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies,
business segments or transactions being analyzed.  

          DrKWs opinion and financial analyses were only one of many factors considered by the board of directors of Genesis Microchip in its evaluation of the proposed merger and
should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the board of directors of Genesis Microchip or Genesis Microchip management with respect to the merger or the exchange ratio. Although DrKW evaluated the exchange ratio in the merger agreement
from a financial point of view, DrKW was not requested to, and did not, recommend the specific consideration payable in the merger, which consideration was determined between Genesis Microchip and Sage.  

          The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying DrKWs opinion,
dated September 27, 2001, delivered to the board of directors of Genesis Microchip in connection with the merger.  

Contribution Analysis  

          DrKW performed a contribution analysis based on historical results for Genesis Microchip and Sage, Genesis Microchip managements quarterly
projections for fiscal year 2002 and 2003 and Genesis Microchip managements projections for Sages quarterly financial performance for fiscal year 2002 and 2003. DrKW calculated that Sages contribution to a combined Genesis
Microchip and Sage ranged from 22% to 37% when calculated using historical and projected revenues, ranged from less than 0% to 25% when calculated using historical and projected operating income, ranged from less than 0% to 30% when calculated using
historical and projected net income and was 41% when calculated using tangible book value for the latest reported period.  

          DrKW compared Sages
revenue and operating income contribution to Sages share of the combined companys enterprise value (defined as market capitalization of common stock plus book value of total debt, preferred stock, and minority interest less cash and
equivalents) of approximately 26%. DrKW also compared Sages net income and tangible book value contribution to Sages share of the combined companys market capitalization of 28%.  

Comparable Company Analysis  

          DrKW reviewed and compared selected operating and financial data and ratios for nine selected companies identified as being comparable to Sage
overall. Specifically, DrKW included in its review two groups of companies. The first group of comparables consisted of display semiconductor companies, including:  



Genesis Microchip Incorporated;  



Pixelworks, Inc.; and  



Silicon Image, Inc.  

          The second group of multimedia chip companies included the first group of display semiconductor companies as well as a number of other selected multimedia chip companies,
including:  



NVIDIA Corporation;  



ATI Technologies Inc.;  



Cirrus Logic, Inc.;  



ESS Technology, Inc.;  



Zoran Corporation; and  



Creative Technology Ltd.  

          For each group, using publicly available information, DrKW reviewed the enterprise value of the selected companies as multiples of last twelve
months (LTM) revenues 2001 calendar year estimated revenues and 2002 calendar year estimated revenues. DrKW also examined the ratio of the current market capitalization of the selected companies to the 2002 calendar year estimated net
income. DrKW noted that the comparable company analysis does not take into account any acquisition or control premium.  

          The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples for the two groups implied by the ratio of enterprise value to LTM revenues, estimates for calendar 2001
revenues and estimates for calendar 2002 revenues and the ratio of market capitalization of the selected companies to the 2002 calendar year estimated net income. The information in the table below is based on closing stock prices on September 27,
2001.  

Sage  

Range  

Median  

Mean  

Trading 
Value on 
9/27/01  

Value Implied 
by Exchange 
Ratio of 
0.571x  

Dis
play Semiconductor Companies 

En
terprise Value / LTM Revenues  

1.7x  

    

7.8x  

5.0x  

4.8x  

3.9x  

6.1x  

En
terprise Value / CY01E Revenues  

1.6x  

    

5.6x  

3.9x  

3.7x  

3.6x  

5.7x  

En
terprise Value / CY02E Revenues  

0.9x  

    

4.3x  

2.6x  

2.6x  

1.9x  

3.1x  

Eq
uity Value / CY02E Net Income  

27.8x  

    

31.6x  

29.7x  

29.7x  

32.8x  

45.0x  

Mu
ltimedia Chip Companies 

En
terprise Value / LTM Revenues  

0.2x  

    

7.8x  

1.7x  

2.8x  

3.9x  

6.1x  

En
terprise Value / CY01E Revenues  

0.2x  

    

5.6x  

1.7x  

2.4x  

3.6x  

5.7x  

En
terprise Value / CY02E Revenues  

0.2x  

    

4.3x  

1.4x  

1.8x  

1.9x  

3.1x  

Eq
uity Value / CY02E Net Income  

6.6x  

    

33.3x  

24.2x  

22.8x  

32.8x  

45.0x  

          Although the selected companies were used for comparison purposes, none of
those companies is directly comparable to Sage. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of such a comparison is not purely mathematical, but instead involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in historical and projected
financial and operating characteristics of the selected companies and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the selected companies.  

Comparable Transactions Analysis  

          DrKW reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of representative acquisition transactions in the
semiconductor industry. Specifically, DrKW included in its review two groups of acquisitions. The first group consisted of selected public and private multimedia semiconductor transactions since 1997. These transactions were:  

Acquiring Company  

Target Company  

Cirrus Logic, Inc.  

Stream Machine Company  

Cirrus Logic, Inc.  

LuxSonor Semiconductors Inc.  

Cirrus Logic, Inc.  

ShareWave Inc.  

LSI Logic Corporation  

C-Cube Microsystems Inc.  

NVIDIA Corporation  

Assets of 3dfx Interactive, Inc.  

Pixelworks, Inc.  

Panstera, Inc.  

Broadcom Corporation  

VisionTech, Ltd.  

Zoran Corporation  

Nogatech Inc.  

National Semiconductor Corporation  

Vivid Semiconductor, Inc.  

Broadcom Corporation  

Pivotal Technologies Corp.  

GlobeSpan, Inc.  

iCompression, Inc.  

Silicon Image, Inc.  

DVDO, Inc.  

3dfx Interactive, Inc.  

GigaPixel Corporation  

Broadcom Corporation  

Stellar Semiconductor, Inc.  

Sage, Inc.  

Faroudja, Inc.  

ATI Technologies Inc.  

ArtX Inc.  

ST Microelectronics N.V.  

Arithmos Inc.  

S3 Inc.  

Diamond Multimedia Systems Inc.  

Genesis Microchip Incorporated  

Paradise Electronics, Inc.  

Int
el Corporation  

Chips and Technologies, Inc.  

          The second group of
comparable acquisitions consisted of selected public semiconductor deals with transaction values over $200 million since 1997. These transactions were:  

Acquiring Company  

Target Company  

Vis
hay Intertechnology, Inc.  

Ge
neral Semiconductor, Inc.  

Tri
Quint Semiconductor, Inc.  

Saw
tek Inc.  

LS
I Logic Corporation  

C-C
ube Microsystems Inc.  

Ma
xim Integrated Products, Inc.  

Da
llas Semiconductor Corporation  

Mi
crochip Technology Incorporated  

Te
lCom Semiconductor, Inc.  

Ma
rvell Technology Group Ltd.  

Ga
lileo Technology Ltd.  

Ap
plied Micro Circuits Corporation  

MM
C Networks, Inc.  

PM
C-Sierra, Inc.  

Qu
antum Effect Devices, Inc.  

Te
xas Instruments Incorporated  

Bu
rr-Brown Corporation  

QL
ogic Corporation  

An
cor Communications, Inc.  

Co
nexant Systems, Inc.  

Ma
ker Communications, Inc.  

Int
el Corporation  

DS
P Communications, Inc.  

Te
xas Instruments Incorporated  

Un
itrode Corporation  

Int
el Corporation  

Le
vel One Communications, Incorporated  

Ko
ninklijke Philips Electronics N.V.  

VL
SI Technology, Inc.  

Na
tional Semiconductor Corporation  

Cy
rix Corporation  

Int
el Corporation  

Ch
ips and Technologies, Inc.  

          DrKW reviewed the enterprise value paid in the semiconductor and similar technology transactions as a multiple of LTM revenues and as a multiple of next twelve months
(NTM) revenues. The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples implied by the ratio of enterprise value to LTM revenues and NTM revenues. The information in the table is based on the closing price of Genesis
Microchip and Sage common stock on September 27, 2001.  

Sage  

Range  

Median  

Mean  

Trading 
Value on 
9/27/01  

Value Implied 
by Exchange 
Ratio of 
0.571x  

Sel
ected Multimedia Semiconductor Transactions 

En
terprise Value / LTM Revenues  

0.3x  

    

625.4x  

10.3x  

77.2x  

3.9x  

6.1x  

En
terprise Value / NTM Revenues  

3.0x  

    

40.0x  

8.1x  

13.9x  

2.6x  

4.1x  

Sel
ected Public Semiconductor Transactions 

En
terprise Value / LTM Revenues  

1.7x  

    

89.5x  

6.9x  

23.0x  

3.9x  

6.1x  

En
terprise Value / NTM Revenues  

1.8x  

    

43.1x  

7.4x  

16.0x  

2.6x  

4.1x  

          Although
the semiconductor and similar technology transactions were used for comparison purposes, none of those transactions is directly comparable to the transaction contemplated by Genesis Microchip and Sage, and none of the companies in those transactions
is directly comparable to Genesis Microchip or Sage. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of such a comparison is not purely mathematical, but instead involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in historical and
projected financial and operating characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could affect the acquisition value of the target companies.  

Stock Price Premiums Analysis  

          DrKW reviewed the premium of the offer price over the trading prices one trading day, one week and one month prior to the announcement date of the
second group of comparable transactions that consisted of the selected public semiconductor deals with transaction values over $200 million since 1997.  

          The following table presents the premium of the offer prices over the trading prices one trading day, one week and one month prior to the
announcement date for the selected public semiconductor transactions and the premiums implied for Sage, based on the exchange ratio paid in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement. The premium implied by the exchange ratio is based on the
closing prices of Genesis Microchip and Sage common stock on September 27, 2001.  

Range  

Median  

Mean  

Premium Implied 
by Exchange 
Ratio of 0.571x  

Sel
ected Public Semiconductor Transactions 

1 D
ay Premium to Target Price  

15.0%  

    

95.3%  

44.3%  

47.9%  

37.2% 

1 W
eek Premium to Target Price  

16.5%  

    

129.4%  

44.2%  

51.5%  

24.7% 

1 M
onth Premium to Target Price  

16.3%  

    

108.4%  

57.8%  

58.6%  

(14.3%

)  

Exchange Ratio Analysis  

          DrKW reviewed the recent historical stock market performance of Genesis Microchip common stock and Sage common stock in relation to each other and
reviewed the exchange ratios implied by those relative trading values. In addition, DrKW compared the merger agreement exchange ratio of 0.571x to the average exchange ratios over certain specified time periods and noted the amount by which the
0.571x exchange ratio constituted a premium to such period averages, including the information set forth below:  

Sage Stock Price / Genesis Microchip Stock Price: Exchange Ratio Analysis  

At 
9/27/01  

Last 10 
Trading 
Days  

Last 30 
Trading 
Days  

Last 60 
Trading 
Days  

Last 90 
Trading 
Days  

Last 

Trading 
Days  

Since 
9/27/00  

Me
an  

0.42x  

0.49x  

0.54x  

0.49x  

0.46x  

0.52x  

0.71x 

Im
plied Premium at 0.571x  

37%  

16%  

5%  

17%  

25%  

10%  

(19%

)  

Pro Forma Earnings Analysis  

          DrKW analyzed the potential effect of the merger on the projected combined income statement of operations of Genesis Microchip and Sage for the
quarters ended March 31, 2002 and June 30, 2002 and the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003. This analysis was based upon (1) Genesis Microchip managements financial projections for Genesis Microchip and Sage and (2) estimates of potential cost
savings and synergies prepared by the managements of Genesis Microchip and Sage. DrKW observed that, based on the exchange ratio provided for in the merger agreement, Genesis Microchip managements financial projections for Genesis Microchip
and Sage and estimates of potential cost savings and synergies prepared by the managements of Genesis Microchip and Sage, the merger was accretive to Genesis Microchips after tax earnings per share for the quarters ended March 31, 2002 and
June 30, 2002 and the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003.  

          DrKW has acted as Genesis Microchips financial advisor in connection with the merger. Genesis Microchip selected DrKW as its financial advisor based on DrKWs
experience, expertise and reputation. DrKW is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions and for other purposes.

          DrKW acted as financial
advisor to Genesis Microchip in connection with the proposed merger and will receive a fee for its services, a significant portion of which is contingent upon the consummation of the merger, as well as a fee for rendering its opinion. The terms of
the fee arrangement with DrKW were negotiated at arms length between Genesis Microchip and DrKW, and the Genesis Microchip board of directors was aware of such fee arrangements.  

          In addition, DrKW has performed various investment banking services for Genesis Microchip from
time to time in the past, is continuing to provide financial advisory services to Genesis Microchip and may receive additional fees for such services.  

          In the ordinary course of its business, DrKW may actively trade the equity securities of Sage and Genesis Microchip for its own account and for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.  

Interests of Other Financial Advisors to Genesis Microchip 

          Under the terms of an engagement letter between Genesis Microchip and Robert R. Tillman, Genesis Microchip agreed to pay Mr. Tillman a fee for his financial advisory services in
connection with the merger. Mr. Tillman has provided various consulting services for Genesis Microchip from time to time in the past.  

Recommendation of Sages Board of Directors 

          At its meeting on September 27, 2001, the Sage board of directors determined that the merger was fair to and in the best interests of Sage and the Sage stockholders and approved
the merger agreement. Accordingly, the Sage board of directors has unanimously approved the merger and recommends that Sage stockholders vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.  

          In determining to approve the merger and to recommend adoption of the merger agreement by the
Sage stockholders, the Sage board of directors consulted with Sages management and Sages financial and legal advisors. The Sage board of directors considered a number of factors in reaching its conclusion, including the following:



the enhanced competitive position of the combined companies. The Sage board considered the increases in scale of operation, the strength of Sages presence in the
consumer electronics market when combined with Genesis Microchips offerings in the flat panel display industry and the opportunity to further build upon the Faroudja brand;  



the expectation that the combination of Sage and Genesis Microchip would have strong synergistic benefits, as a result of the breadth and complimentary nature of the
technology and product lines, including more efficient research and development expenditures, modest headcount efficiencies, potential cost savings from leveraging Sages Indian research and development presence and possible consolidation of
facilities;  



the terms of the merger agreement, including the fact that the exchange ratio represented an approximately 40% premium to the Sage common stock closing price on
September 27, 2001, which was the last trading day immediately prior to the public announcement of the merger, and the termination fee which the Sage board of directors realized might discourage third parties from seeking to acquire Sage;



the terms of the transition agreements and the stock option benefits to be received by Sages management in connection with the completion of the merger;



the status of the negotiations with another company and that companys last discussions with Sage;  



other strategic alternatives open to Sage, including further discussions with that other company or remaining independent;  



the required regulatory approvals, including the expiration of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976;  



the possibility that the merger might not be completed and the anticipated effect of that failure on Sages common stock trading price;  



the opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to the Sage board of directors on September 27, 2001, that the exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the
Sage stockholders as of such date, as described below under Opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray below; and  



the expectation that the merger will generally be a tax-free transaction to Sage and its stockholders.  

          In reaching its determination to approve the merger and recommend adoption of the merger
agreement, the Sage board of directors did not assign any relative or specific weights to the various factors considered by it, and individual directors may have given differing weights to different factors. The foregoing discussion of the
information and factors considered by the Sage board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to include all material factors considered by the Sage board of directors.  

          In considering the recommendation of Sages board of directors with respect to the merger
agreement, you should be aware that some directors and officers of Sage have interests in the merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of Sage stockholders generally. Please see the section entitled Interests of
Sage Directors and Officers in the Merger on page 58 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

Opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray 

          Sage retained U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to act as its financial advisor, and, if requested, to render to the board of directors of Sage an opinion as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by Sage stockholders in the transaction.  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray delivered to the board of directors of Sage on September 27, 2001 its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of that date and based
upon and subject to the assumptions, factors and limitations set forth in the written opinion, and described below, the exchange ratio in the proposed merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the common stockholders of Sage (other than
Genesis Microchip and its affiliates). A copy of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffrays written opinion is attached to this document as Annex D and is incorporated into this document by reference. Holders of Sage common stock are encouraged to carefully
read this opinion in its entirety. Sages opinion is addressed to the board of directors of Sage and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to any matter relating to the merger.  

          While U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray rendered its opinion and provided certain analyses to the
board of directors of Sage, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray was not requested to and did not make any recommendation to the board of directors of Sage as to the specific form or amount of the consideration to be received by Sage stockholders in the
proposed merger, which was determined through negotiations between Sage and Genesis Microchip. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffrays written opinion, which was directed to the Sage board of directors, addresses only the fairness, from a financial point
of view, of the exchange ratio set forth in the merger agreement, does not address Sages underlying business decision to proceed with or effect the merger or structure thereof, or the relative merits of the merger compared to any alternative
business strategy or transaction in which Sage might engage and does not constitute a recommendation to any Sage stockholder as to how to vote in the merger.  

          In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffrays review included:  



a draft of the merger agreement dated September 27, 2001;  



information, including financial forecasts, relating to the business, earnings, cash flows, assets, liabilities and prospects of Genesis Microchip and Sage furnished
to or discussed with U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray by Genesis Microchip and Sage;  



publicly available market and securities data of Genesis Microchip, Sage and of selected public companies deemed comparable to Sage and Genesis Microchip;



to the extent publicly available, financial information relating to selected transactions deemed comparable to the proposed merger.  

          In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray visited the
headquarters of Sage and Genesis Microchip and conducted discussions with members of senior management of both Sage and Genesis Microchip concerning the financial condition, operating performance and balance sheet characteristics of Sage, Genesis
Microchip and Genesis Microchip Delaware following the merger and their views of the strategic rationale of the merger.  

          The following is a summary of the material analyses and other information that U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray prepared and relied on in delivering its opinion to the board of directors
of Sage:  

Implied Consideration  

          Giving effect to the exchange ratio, resulting implied value of Genesis Microchip Delaware stock consideration of $15.99 per share of Sage common
stock (based on the closing price for Genesis Microchip common stock on September 25, 2001), and the outstanding Sage common stock and common stock equivalents, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray calculated the aggregate implied value of the stock
consideration payable in the merger for Sage common stock to be approximately $250.119 million. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also calculated the implied enterprise value (equity value plus debt less cash) of Sage to be approximately
$211.167 million. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also calculated that the fully diluted shares issued to the stockholders and option holders of Sage would be an aggregate of 28.3% of the total Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock and common stock
equivalents based on share information furnished by management of Genesis Microchip.  

Sage and Genesis Microchip Market Analysis  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed general background information concerning Sage and Genesis Microchip, including recent
financial and operating results and outlook, the price performance of Sage and Genesis Microchip common stock over the previous twelve months relative to each other and the Nasdaq Stock Market, and the stock price and volume over selected periods
and the stock trading history of Sage and Genesis Microchip common stock. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray presented the recent common stock trading information contained in the following table:  

Sage  

Genesis  

Clo
sing price on September 25, 2001  

$13.03  

$28.00  

calendar day closing average  

15.46  

28.30  

calendar day closing average  

16.13  

30.90  

calendar day closing average  

15.10  

31.53  

 calendar day closing average  

11.97  

25.55  

week high trade  

21.17  

38.00  

week low trade  

5.00  

7.13  

Comparable Company Analysis  

Sage
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed financial information and valuation ratios relating to four publicly traded
companies in the digital image processing segment of the semiconductor industry deemed comparable to Sage. This group comprised Genesis Microchip, Pixelworks, Inc., Silicon Image, Inc. and Zoran Corporation. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied the
resulting multiples of selected valuation data to derive implied equity values per share of Sage Common Stock. All multiples were based on Sages closing stock price on September 25, 2001. All forward looking data is based on publicly available
Wall Street research analyst estimates. This analysis produced implied per share values for Sage ranging from a low of $6.10 to a high of $24.29, with the median implied per share values of $11.02 to $14.06 and mean implied per share values of
$11.10 to $14.63.  

Genesis
Microchip
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed financial information and valuation ratios from four publicly traded companies in the semiconductor industry deemed comparable to Genesis Microchip. This group comprised Sage,
Pixelworks, Inc., Silicon Image, Inc., and Zoran Corporation. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied the resulting multiples of selected valuation data to derive implied equity values per share of Genesis Microchip common stock. All multiples were based
on Genesis Microchips closing stock price on September 25, 2001. All forward looking data is based on publicly available Wall Street research analyst estimates. This analysis produced implied per share values for Genesis Microchip ranging from
a low of $7.42 to a high of $38.18, with median implied per share values of $15.30 to $33.04 and mean implied per share values of $14.58 to $33.04.  

Relative Comparable Company Analysis
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared the high and low implied per share equity
values computed for Sage and Genesis Microchip as described above to derive implied exchange ratios ranging from a low of 0.605x to a high of 0.917x.  

Comparable Acquisition Analysis  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed five acquisition transactions that it deemed comparable to the transaction between Sage and
Genesis Microchip. It selected these transactions by searching SEC filings, news stories, press releases, industry and popular press reports, databases and other sources and by applying the following criteria:  



transactions that were completed between January 1, 1998 and September 27, 2001;  



transactions involving target companies in the semiconductor industry deemed comparable to Sage;  



transactions involving public target companies and public acquiring companies; and  



transactions with a transaction value of $100 million to $1 billion.  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed its analysis on the following transactions:  

Acquiring Company  

Target Company  

LS
I Logic Corp.  

C-Cube Microsystems Inc.  

Mi
crochip Technology Inc.  

TelCom Semiconductor Inc.  

Zo
ran Corporation  

Nogatech Inc.  

LS
I Logic Corp.  

Seeq Technology Inc.  

Un
itrode Corp.  

Benchmarq Microelectronics Inc.  

Sage
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied the resulting multiples of selected valuation data to derive implied equity values per share of Sage common
stock ranging from a low of $8.11 to a high of $30.15, with median implied per share values of $9.48 to $16.26 and mean implied per share values of $12.28 to $19.46.  

Genesis Microchip
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied the resulting multiples of selected valuation
data to derive implied equity values per share of Genesis Microchip common stock ranging from a low of $5.21 to a high of $34.50, with median implied per share values of $6.66 to $13.28 and mean implied per share values of $13.19 to $15.96.

Relative Comparable Acquisition
Analysis
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared the implied equity values computed for Sage and Genesis Microchip described above to derive implied exchange ratios ranging from a low of 0.594x to a high of 1.465x.

Premiums Paid Analysis  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed publicly available information for selected transactions completed between January 1, 1998 and September 27,
2001 with transaction values of $100 million to $1.0 billion which
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray deemed similar to this transaction to determine the implied premiums (discounts) payable in the transactions over recent trading prices. It selected these transactions
by searching SEC filings, public company disclosures, press releases, industry and popular press reports, databases and other sources.  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed its analysis on two hundred seventy-five transactions. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray derived implied equity values
per share of Sage common stock based on the premiums (discounts) paid in these transactions ranging from a low of $6.50 to a high of $32.85, with median implied per share values of $14.05 to $20.90 and mean implied per share values of $14.61 to
$20.16.  

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis  

Sage
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed a discounted cash flow analysis for Sage in which it calculated the present
value of the projected hypothetical future cash flows of Sage based on publicly available Wall Street estimates. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray estimated a range of theoretical values for Sage based on the net present value of its implied annual cash
flows and a terminal value for Sage in 2006 calculated based upon a multiple of revenue. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied a range of discount rates of 22% to 26% and a range of terminal value multiples of 3.0x to 4.5x of forecasted 2006 revenue.
This analysis resulted in implied per share values of Sage ranging from a low of $11.18 to a high of $17.22.  

Genesis Microchip
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed a discounted cash flow analysis for Genesis Microchip in which it calculated the present value
of the projected hypothetical future cash flows of Genesis Microchip based on publicly available Wall Street estimates. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray estimated a range of theoretical values for Genesis Microchip based on the net present value of its
implied annual cash flows and a terminal value for Genesis Microchip in 2006 calculated based upon a multiple of revenue. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied a range of discount rates of 21% to 25% and a range of terminal value multiples of 3.0x to
4.5x of forecasted 2006 revenue. This analysis yielded implied per share values of Genesis Microchip ranging from a low of $17.19 to a high of $28.41.  

Relative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis
.    U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared the implied per share equity values of
Genesis Microchip with the implied per share equity values computed for Sage to derive an implied exchange ratio range for Sage and Genesis Microchip. This analysis indicated implied exchange ratios ranging from a low of 0.394x to a high of 1.002x.

Pro Forma Analyses  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed pro forma effects resulting from the impact of the transaction on the projected earnings per share of the
combined company for calendar year 2002 using publicly available Wall Street estimates. Without considering any synergies that management estimates the combined company may realize following consummation of the transaction or any transaction related
expenses, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray determined that the transaction could be dilutive for calendar year 2002 to the projected stand-alone earnings per share of Genesis Microchip. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed with the Sage board of directors
the view of management of Genesis Microchip that expected transaction synergies were anticipated to result in accretion to Genesis Microchips stand-alone earnings per share following the transaction.  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed the expected contributions of each of Sage and Genesis
Microchip to revenue, gross profit, operating income, pretax income, and net income of the combined company for calendar years 2001 and 2002 based on the same Wall Street estimates discussed above, and without including possible synergies and other
transaction related expenses. The analysis indicated that Sage would contribute to the combined entity revenue of 25.6% and 29.1%, gross profit of 27.7% and 29.0% for calendar years 2001 and 2002, respectively. In addition, the analysis indicated
that Sage would contribute to the combined entity pretax income of 4.9% and net income of 6.0% in calendar year 2002.  

Historical Relative Trading Value Analysis  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed the exchange ratio for this transaction against the ratio resulting from selected historical
relative closing stock prices for Sage and Genesis Microchip. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray examined the ratio implied by the one week, one month, three month, six month and one year closing stock prices for Sage and Genesis Microchip. This analysis
produced the following ratios of relative value and premiums (discounts) to the merger exchange ratio:  

Historical Relative Trading Values and Implied Premium (Discount)  

1 Week  

1 Month  

3 Month  

6 Month  

1 Year  

Re
lative Trading Price Ratio  

0.509x  

0.547x  

0.489x  

0.487x  

0.700x 

Im
plied Premium (Discount)  

12.2%  

4.4%  

16.8%  

17.3%  

(18.4%

)  

Ex
change Ratio  

0.571x  

          In reaching
its conclusion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio and in its presentation to the board of directors, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray did not rely on any single analysis or factor described above, assign relative weights to the analyses or factors
considered by it, or make any conclusion as to how the results of any given analysis, taken alone, supported its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selection of portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it, without considering all of the factors and analyses, would create a
misleading view of the processes underlying the opinion.  

          The analyses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by
the analyses. Analyses relating to the value of companies do not purport to be appraisals or valuations or necessarily reflect the price at which companies may actually be sold. No company or transaction used in any analysis for purposes of
comparison is identical to Sage, Genesis Microchip, Genesis Microchip Delaware or the merger. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the comparisons is not mathematical; rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments about differences
in the companies to which Sage and Genesis Microchip were compared and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the companies.  

          For purposes of its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of the financial statements and other
information provided to it by Sage and Genesis Microchip, or otherwise made available to it, and did not assume responsibility for the independent verification of that information. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon the assurances of the
management of Sage and Genesis Microchip that the information provided to it by Sage and Genesis Microchip was prepared on a reasonable basis in accordance with industry practice, the financial planning data and other business outlook information
reflects the best currently available estimates and judgment of Sage and Genesis Microchips respective management, and management was not aware of any information or facts that would make the information provided to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
incomplete or misleading.  

          For purposes of its
opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray assumed that neither Genesis Microchip nor Sage is a party to any material pending transaction, including any external financing, recapitalizations, acquisition or merger, other than this transaction or in the
ordinary course of business. With the consent of Sages board of directors, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray assumed for purposes of its opinion that the material financial, operating and market characteristics of Genesis Microchip Delaware following
the conversion will be substantially similar to those of Genesis Microchip prior to the conversion. For purposes of its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray assumed that all the necessary regulatory approvals and consents required for the transaction
will be obtained in a manner that will not adversely affect Sage or Genesis Microchip or alter the terms of the transaction.  

          In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray did not perform any appraisals or valuations of any specific assets or liabilities of Sage or
Genesis Microchip and was not furnished with any such appraisals or
valuations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray undertook no independent analysis of any owned real estate, or any pending or threatened litigation,
possible unasserted claims or other contingent liabilities, to which either Sage or Genesis Microchip or their respective affiliates was a party or may be subject and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffrays opinion made no assumption concerning and
therefore did not consider the possible assertion of claims, outcomes or damages arising out of any such matters. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed each of Sage and Genesis Microchip as a going concern and, accordingly, expressed no opinion as to
the liquidation value of any entity. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray expressed no opinion as to the price at which shares of Sage or Genesis Microchip common stock have traded or at which the shares of Sage, Genesis Microchip or Genesis Microchip
Delaware may trade at any future time. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffrays opinion addressed only the exchange ratio and no other transaction terms or arrangements. The opinion is based on information available to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and the
facts and circumstances and economic, market and other conditions as they existed and were subject to evaluation on the date of the opinion. Events occurring after that date could materially affect the assumptions used in preparing the opinion. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray has not undertaken to and is not obligated to affirm or revise its opinion or otherwise comment on any events occurring after the date it was given.  

          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, as a customary part of its investment banking business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, underwritings and secondary distributions of securities, private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of its business, U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray and its affiliates may actively trade securities of Sage and Genesis Microchip for their own accounts or the accounts of their customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

          Under the terms of the engagement letter, Sage has
agreed to pay U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray a fee for U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffrays financial advisory services contingent upon, among other things, the consummation of the merger. Sage also agreed to pay U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray a customary fee
for rendering its opinion that will be credited against payment of the fee for financial advisory services. Whether or not the transaction is consummated, Sage has agreed to pay the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and
to indemnify U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray against certain liabilities incurred. These liabilities include liabilities under the federal securities laws in connection with the engagement of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray by the board of directors. The
terms of the fee arrangement with U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray were negotiated at arms length between Sage and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, and the Sage board of directors was aware of such fee arrangements.  

Interests of Sage Directors and Officers in the Merger 

          In considering the recommendation of the Sage board of directors with respect to approving the merger agreement and the merger, Sage stockholders should be aware that certain
members of the management of Sage and the Sage board of directors have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of the stockholders of Sage generally. The Sage board of directors was aware of these
interests and considered the following matters, among others, in approving the merger agreement and the merger
.  

Director Seats  

          Genesis Microchip has agreed to take all necessary actions to cause the board of directors of Genesis Microchip Delaware following the merger to
consist of seven directors, two of whom will be Chandrashekar M. Reddy, Sages current president and chief executive officer, and N. Damodar Reddy.  

Change of Control Agreements  

          Michael A. Gumport, Glenn W. Marschel, Jr. and N. Damodar Reddy entered into change of control agreements, each dated as of January 17, 2001 with
Sage. The agreements provide for benefits if any of the foregoing directors are terminated without cause by Sage or any successor corporation following an acquisition
of Sage, including Genesis Microchip Delaware pursuant to the proposed merger with Sage. If a director is terminated within six months of the proposed merger, then such director will be entitled
to accrued compensation, assumption or acceleration of outstanding options under Sages 1997 Stock Option Plan, severance payments equal to six months base salary and benefits. Additionally, the assumed options would be exercisable for a period
of twenty-four months following the termination of service of any director with a change of control agreement.  

Employment Agreements  

          As a condition to Genesis Microchip entering into the merger agreement, Genesis Microchip entered into employment agreements with each of
Chandrashekar M. Reddy, Nikhil Balram, Don Butler, Arun Johary, Pratap Reddy and Aditya Srinivasan.  

          The employment agreements have two year terms effective at the closing of the merger, except that either Genesis Microchip or the employee may terminate the employment agreement at
any time, subject to certain provisions including severance payments and benefits described in Severance and the acceleration of outstanding options assumed by the merger agreement.  

          These employment agreements provide that, contingent upon and after the closing of the merger,
these employees will have the annual salary, annual target bonus and option grants set forth in the following table:  

Employee  

Annual Salary  

Annual Target 
Bonus (As a 
Percentage of 
Annual Salary)  

Shares of Genesis 
Microchip Delaware 
Common Stock 
Underlying Options 
to Be Granted at 
Closing of the
Merger  

Ch
andrashekar M. Reddy  

$222,000  

%  

100,000  

Nik
hil Balram  

$210,000  

%  

80,000  

Do
n Butler  

$225,000  

%  

60,000  

Ar
un Johary  

$215,000  

%  

80,000  

Pra
tap Reddy  

$212,000  

%  

100,000  

Ad
itya Srinivasan  

$160,000  

%  

60,000  

          The options
granted above will vest as to one-eighth of the shares underlying the option on the six month anniversary of the closing of the merger and as to one-forty-eighth of the shares on the first date of each month thereafter, subject to the
employees continued employment with Genesis Microchip. In addition, the employees will be entitled to participation in Genesis Microchip benefit programs.  

Severance
.    The agreements provide that if Genesis Microchip terminates an employees
employment without cause, or if the employee terminates his employment for good reason (as defined in these employment agreements), during a period of up to two years after the closing, then:  



Genesis Microchip must continue to pay the employee his base salary during the six month period following the termination date, except Genesis Microchip may cease
these payments if the employee violates the terms of his agreement;  



the employee will be entitled, for a six month period following the termination date, to participate in the Genesis Microchip benefit plans in which the employee was
participating at the time of the termination, subject to Genesis Microchips right to pay the employee a lump sum at the time of termination equal to the value of these benefits; and  



in the event the termination occurs within six months of the closing, effective on the termination date, the unvested portion of options assumed by Genesis Microchip
under the employment agreements will vest, and employees will have the right to exercise the option for a period of twenty-four months following the termination date.  

          If Genesis Microchip terminates an employees employment for cause, or if the employee
terminates his employment without a good reason, then the employee will be entitled only to accrued salary, reasonable expense reimbursement and accrued vacation pay, all through the date of termination.  

Stock Restriction Agreements  

          As a condition of Genesis Microchip entering into the merger agreement, Genesis Microchip entered into stock restriction agreements with each of
Chandrashekar M. Reddy, Arun Johary and Pratap Reddy. Pursuant to these agreements, each employee agreed not to sell or dispose of any restricted shares, as defined below, subject to the vesting schedules as set forth in each
agreement. These vesting schedules permit each employee to sell his restricted shares in limited quantities on the closing date of the merger and thereafter, on each three month anniversary, at incremental increases such that on the second annual
anniversary of the closing date of the merger all restrictions will have lapsed on each employees restricted shares.  

          These restrictions will lapse completely if the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms, Genesis Microchip terminates the
employees employment with Genesis Microchip for a reason other than for cause, or the employee terminates his employment with Genesis Microchip for a reason other than good reason. A portion of these restrictions will lapse if Genesis
Microchip is acquired, or Genesis Microchip files a resale registration statement under the Securities Act under which executive officers are permitted to sell shares. In these circumstances, the employee will be permitted to sell a pro rata portion
of his total restricted shares. The pro rata fraction will equal the pro rata fractional amount that the most favorably treated Genesis Microchip executive officer is allowed to sell in the transaction or, in the case of an acquisition of Genesis
Microchip, the pro rata portion of the most favorably treated Genesis Microchip executive officers options that are accelerated.  

          For purposes of the stock restriction agreements, restricted shares means:  



shares of Sage common stock of the employee; and  



Genesis Microchip common shares or Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock that the employee receives in the merger in exchange for these shares of Sage common stock.

          The definition of restricted
shares specifically excludes options to purchase Sage common stock and shares received upon exercise of these options. Based on ownership as of the date of the merger agreement, Mr. Chandrashekar M. Reddy owns 811,964 shares of Sage common stock
that are restricted shares. These shares will convert into 463,631 shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock if the merger closes. Based on ownership as of the date of the merger agreement, Pratap Reddy owns 257,542 shares of Sage common
stock that are restricted shares. These shares will convert into 147,056 shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock if the merger closes. Based on ownership as of the date of the merger agreement, Arun Johary owns 207,724 shares of Sage
common stock that are restricted shares. These shares will convert into 118,610 shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock if the merger closes.  

Indemnification  

          Genesis Microchip has agreed to fulfill and honor in all respects the indemnification agreements Sage and its subsidiaries have previously entered
into with their respective officers and directors and to fulfill and honor any indemnification provisions of Sages applicable charter documents. The merger agreement provides that all rights to indemnification for present and former officers
and directors of Sage will survive the merger and continue in full force and effect for a period of not less than six years from the date of the completion of the
merger. Genesis Microchip also agreed to maintain insurance for Sages directors and officers for a period of not less than six years after the completion of the merger, subject to
limitations.  

          As a result of these interests, these
directors and officers of Sage could be more likely to vote to adopt and approve the merger agreement and approve the merger than if they did not hold these interests. Sage stockholders should consider whether these interests may have influenced
these directors and officers to support or recommend the merger.  

The Merger Agreement 

Conversion of Securities; Exchange Ratio  

          In the merger, each share of Sage common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip
Delaware common stock which will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol GNSS.  

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger  

          We will complete the merger when all of the conditions to completion of the merger contained in the merger agreement have been
satisfied or waived, including approval of the merger agreement and the merger by the stockholders of Sage, approval of the issuance of Genesis Microchip Delaware shares in connection with the merger and approval of the conversion by the
shareholders of Genesis Microchip. The merger will become effective upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the State of Delaware.  

          We are working towards completing the merger as quickly as possible. We currently plan to complete the merger prior to
                . Because the merger is subject to governmental and regulatory approvals and other conditions, however, we cannot predict the exact timing.

Conversion of Sage Common Stock in the Merger  

          At the effective time of the merger, by virtue of the merger, and without any action by any parties to the merger or any
securityholder of such parties, each share of Sage common stock (including, with respect to each share of Sage common stock, the associated right described in the section entitled Comparison of Rights of Holders of Genesis Microchip Delaware
Common Stock and Sage Common StockRights Agreement beginning on page 98 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus) outstanding immediately prior to the effective time will be canceled and extinguished and automatically converted into the
right to receive 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock upon surrender of the certificate representing such share of Sage common stock in the manner provided in the merger agreement.  

          The exchange ratio (i.e., 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock for each
share of Sage common stock) in the merger will also be adjusted to reflect the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into Genesis Microchip Delaware common
stock or Sage common stock), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with respect to Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock or Sage common stock occurring on or after the date of the merger agreement and prior to the
effective time of the merger.  

          Each share of Sage
common stock held by Sage, Genesis Microchip Delaware or any of their direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be canceled and extinguished.  

Fractional Shares  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware will not issue any fractional shares of common stock in the merger. Instead, each holder of Sage common stock exchanged
in the merger who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock will receive cash, without interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying such fraction by the average closing price of
one share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock for the five consecutive trading days immediately following the effective time of the merger, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market.  

Exchange of Sage Stock Certificates for Genesis Microchip Delaware Stock Certificates  

          As soon as practicable after the effective time of the merger, the exchange
agent for the merger will mail to each record holder of Sage common stock a letter of transmittal and instructions for surrendering their stock certificates in exchange for certificates representing Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock, cash in
lieu of a fractional share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock, and any dividends or other distributions, if any. When the Sage stockholders deliver their Sage stock certificates to the exchange agent along with any required documents, the
Sage stock certificates will be canceled and such stockholder will receive Genesis Microchip Delaware stock certificates representing the number of full shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to which they are entitled under the merger
agreement and payment in cash, without interest, in lieu of any fractional share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock that would have been otherwise issuable as a result of the merger.  

Holders of Sage common stock should not send in their Sage stock certificates until they receive a letter of transmittal from the exchange agent with
instructions for the surrender of Sage stock certificates.  

Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares  

          Holders of Sage common stock are not entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on Genesis Microchip Delaware
common stock with a record date after the effective time of the merger until such holders have surrendered their Sage stock certificates in exchange for Genesis Microchip Delaware stock certificates. When your Genesis Microchip Delaware stock
certificates are issued, you will receive payment without interest for any dividend or distribution on Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock with a record date after the merger and a payment date prior to the date you surrender your Sage stock
certificates.  

Transfers of Ownership and Lost Stock Certificates  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware will only issue Genesis Microchip Delaware stock certificates in a name other than the name in which a
surrendered Sage stock certificate is registered if the person requesting such exchange presents to the exchange agent all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and to show that such person paid any applicable
stock transfer taxes. If Sage stock certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the holder of such certificates may need to deliver an affidavit and a lost certificate bond prior to receiving any Genesis Microchip Delaware stock certificates.

Sages Representations and Warranties  

          Sage made a number of representations and warranties to Genesis Microchip regarding aspects of its business, financial condition
and structure, as well as other facts pertinent to the merger. These representations and warranties relate to the following subject matters:  



corporate organization and qualifications to do business of Sage and its subsidiaries;  



charter documents of Sage and its subsidiaries;  



Sages capitalization;  



corporate authorization to enter into and carry out the obligations of the merger agreement by Sage;  



obligations of Sage under applicable law in connection with the merger;  



the vote of Sages stockholders required to approve the merger;  



governmental and regulatory approvals required to complete the merger;  



the effect of the merger on Sages obligations and contracts;  



Sages filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;  



Sages financial statements;  



the absence of undisclosed liabilities of Sage or its subsidiaries;  



changes in Sages business since June 30, 2001;  



Sages taxes;  



Sages employee benefit plans;  



intellectual property matters pertaining to Sage;  



Sages compliance with applicable laws;  



absence of restrictions on the conduct of Sages business;  



possession of and compliance with all permits required for the operation of Sages business;  



title to the properties Sage owns and leases;  



litigation involving Sage;  



payments required to be made by Sage to brokers and agents on account of the merger;  



Sages labor relations;  



Sages environmental matters;  



absence of breaches of Sages material contracts;  



Sages insurance coverage;  



accuracy of information supplied by Sage in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the related registration statement filed by Genesis Microchip Delaware with the
Securities and Exchange Commission;  



approvals by the Sage board of directors;  



the fairness opinion received by Sage from U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray;  



the inapplicability of state takeover statutes to the merger; and  



amendment of Sages rights agreement.  

          The representations and warranties of Sage contained in the merger agreement expire at the completion of the merger.  

Genesis Microchips Representations and Warranties  

          Genesis Microchip has made a number of representations and warranties to Sage regarding aspects of its business, financial
condition, and structure, as well as other facts pertinent to the merger. These representations and warranties relate to the following subject matters:  



corporate organization and qualification to do business of Genesis Microchip and its subsidiaries;  



the Memorandum and Articles of Association of Genesis Microchip and the equivalent organizational documents of its subsidiaries;  



Genesis Microchips capitalization;  



validity of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to be issued pursuant to the merger;  



complete authorization to enter into and carry out the obligations of the merger agreement by Genesis Microchip;  



governmental and regulatory approvals required to complete the merger;  



the effect of the merger on Genesis Microchips obligations and contracts;  



Genesis Microchips filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;  



Genesis Microchips financial statements;  



the absence of undisclosed liabilities of Genesis Microchip or its subsidiaries;  



changes in Genesis Microchips business since June 30, 2001;  



Genesis Microchips labor relations;  



litigation involving Genesis Microchip;  



accuracy of information supplied by Genesis Microchip in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the related registration statement filed by Genesis Microchip
Delaware with the Securities and Exchange Commission;  



payments required to be made by Genesis Microchip to brokers and agents on account of the merger;  



intellectual property matters pertaining to Genesis Microchip;  



the fairness opinion received by Genesis Microchip from DrKW;  



approvals by the Genesis Microchip board of directors;  



the vote of Genesis Microchip shareholders required to approve the issuance of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock and the conversion; and  



Genesis Microchips taxes.  

          The representations and warranties of Genesis Microchip contained in the merger agreement expire at the completion of the merger.

          The representations and warranties contained in the
merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read Articles III and IV of the merger agreement entitled Representations and Warranties of Company and Representations and Warranties of
Acquiror.  

Sages Conduct of Business Before Completion of the Merger  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, Sage has agreed that, until the earlier of the
completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement, or unless Genesis Microchip consents in writing, it will carry on its business, in all material respects, in the usual, regular and ordinary course, in substantially the same manner as
previously conducted, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and policies to:  



preserve intact its present business organization;  



keep available the services of its present officers and employees; and  



preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has significant business dealings.

          Under the terms of the
merger agreement, Sage also agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement, or unless Genesis Microchip consents in writing, it will conduct its business in compliance with some specific
restrictions relating to the following:  



changes with respect to Sage restricted stock and stock options;



the granting of severance and termination payments;



the transfer or license of intellectual property;



the declaration or payment of dividends or other distributions on Sage capital stock;



the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of Sage capital stock;



the split, combination or reclassification of Sage capital stock;



the issuance of capital stock;



the modification of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Sage or its subsidiaries;



the acquisition of the other business entities;



the entering into of joint ventures, strategic partnerships or alliances;



the sale, lease, license and disposition of assets;



the incurrence of indebtedness;



the adoption or amendment of employee benefit plans;



the entering into of employment or collective bargaining agreements, payment of bonuses or increasing compensation rates;



payment or settlement of liabilities;



waivers or modifications to existing confidentiality agreements;



expenditures outside the ordinary course of business in excess of $100,000;



modification of material contracts or waivers of material rights under material contracts;



the entry into or modification of product licenses;



changes in accounting policies and procedures;



the incurrence of obligations and other agreements outside the ordinary course of business in excess of $500,000;



the making of any loan or investment in any person outside the ordinary course of business in excess of $10,000 individually or $50,000 in the aggregate;



modification of standstill agreements;



taking any action that could reasonably be expected to materially delay the merger;



the redemption of rights or amendment or termination of its rights plan; and



the making of certain tax elections.

          The agreements related to the conduct of Sages business in the merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to
carefully read Article V of the merger agreement entitled Conduct Prior to the Effective Time.  

Genesis Microchips Conduct of Business Before Completion of the Merger  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, Genesis Microchip agreed that, until the earlier of
the completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement, or unless Sage consents in writing, Genesis Microchip will carry on its business, in all material respects, in the usual, regular and ordinary course, in substantially the same
manner as previously conducted, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and policies to:  



preserve intact its present business organization;  



keep available the services of its present officers and employees; and  



preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has significant business dealings.

          Under the terms of the merger
agreement, Genesis Microchip also agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement, or unless Sage consents in writing, it will conduct its business in compliance with some specific restrictions
relating to the following:  



the declaration or payment of dividends or other distributions on Genesis Microchip capital shares;  



the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of Genesis Microchip capital shares;  



the modification of the memorandum and articles of association of Genesis Microchip;  



changes in accounting policies and procedures; and  



taking any action that would materially delay the merger.  

Sage Prohibited from Soliciting Other Offers  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, subject to certain exceptions described below, Sage has agreed that it and its
subsidiaries will not, nor will they authorize or permit any of their respective officers, directors, controlled affiliates or employees or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative retained by any of them to, directly or
indirectly:  



solicit, initiate, induce or knowingly encourage the making, submission or announcement of any acquisition proposal by a third party of the type described below;



enter or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any third party regarding any acquisition proposal of the type described below;  



furnish to any person any information with respect to Sage or its subsidiaries, or take any other action to cooperate in any way with, or facilitate any inquiries or
the making of any proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any acquisition proposal of the type described below;  



approve, endorse or recommend any acquisition proposal of the type described below; or  



enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract, agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any acquisition proposal of the
type described below or transaction contemplated by such an acquisition proposal.  

          An acquisition proposal is any offer or proposal by a third party or group with respect to Sage that would result in any of the following:  



the acquisition by any person or group of more than a 15% interest in the total outstanding voting securities of Sage or any of its subsidiaries;  



any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving Sage pursuant to which the stockholders of Sage immediately preceding such transaction
hold less than 85% of the equity interests in the surviving entity;  



any sale, lease outside the ordinary course of business, exchange, transfer, license outside the ordinary course of business, acquisition or disposition of more than
15% of the assets of Sage; or  



any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization or other significant corporate reorganization of Sage.  

          Under the merger agreement, Sage agreed to cease, as of September 27, 2001, all existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted prior to that date with respect to any such acquisition proposal.  

          Sage is obligated to promptly notify Genesis Microchip orally and in writing upon receipt of any type of acquisition proposal described above or any
request for information or inquiry it reasonably believes would lead to such an acquisition proposal. The notice must include the material terms and conditions of the acquisition proposal, request or inquiry and the identity of the person or group
making the acquisition proposal, request or inquiry. Following delivery of the initial notice to Genesis Microchip, Sage also must keep Genesis Microchip informed in all material respects of the status and details of such acquisition proposal,
request or inquiry. Sage further agrees to generally provide Genesis Microchip with at least two business days notice of any meeting of Sages board of directors at which its board of directors is reasonably expected to consider any
acquisition proposal.  

          Notwithstanding the
prohibitions contained in the merger agreement with respect to the type of acquisition proposals described above, if Sage receives an unsolicited 
bona fide 
written acquisition proposal that its board of directors reasonably concludes,
following the receipt of the advice of its financial advisor, such proposal is or is reasonably likely to result in, meeting each of following criteria that constitute a superior offer:  



the proposed acquisition must be an unsolicited 
bona fide
 written offer to the board of directors made by a third party on terms that Sages board of
directors has reasonably determined (following receipt of advice of its financial advisor):  



will provide greater value to its stockholders than the terms of the merger; and  



the proposed acquisition is reasonably capable of being consummated;  

then Sage can furnish information to, and engage in negotiations with, a third party making an acquisition proposal, if its board of directors reasonably concludes in good faith, following
the receipt of advice of its outside legal counsel, that failure to do so is reasonably likely to result in a breach of its fiduciary obligations under applicable law.  

          In the event that Sage furnishes nonpublic information to a third party making an acquisition proposal, it is required to give
Genesis Microchip advance notice of such action and a copy of the information furnished concurrently with its delivery of such information to the potential third party acquirer. It also must enter into a confidentiality agreement with the third
party on terms that are at least as restrictive as the terms contained in the confidentiality agreement entered into between Genesis Microchip and Sage.  

Other Covenants  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, each of Genesis Microchip and Sage have also agreed, prior to the effective time of the merger, except as
specifically permitted or contemplated by the merger agreement, to:  



use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any consents, waivers and approvals under any of its or its subsidiaries respective agreements, contracts,
licenses or leases required to be obtained in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;  



promptly notify the other of any breach in any representation or warranty contained in, or failure to comply in any respect with any covenant, condition or agreement
to be complied with or satisfied by it under the merger agreement;  



use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to
consummate and make effective in the most expeditious manner practicable the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to assist and cooperate with each other in doing such things, including:  



taking all reasonable acts necessary to cause the conditions to the completion of the merger to be satisfied;  



taking all actions or nonactions necessary to obtain any necessary waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations by or from any governmental entity or third
party required and taking all reasonable steps to avoid any suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding by any governmental entity;  



defending all lawsuits or other legal proceedings challenging the merger agreement or the consummation of the merger; and  



executing or delivering any additional instruments reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.  

          The agreements related to the conduct of Genesis
Microchip and Sage prior to the closing of the merger are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read Article VI of the merger agreement entitled Additional Agreements.  

Treatment of Sage Stock Options  

          When the merger is completed, Genesis Microchip Delaware will assume all outstanding options to purchase Sage common stock and convert them into
options to purchase Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. Genesis Microchip Delaware will convert each assumed Sage option into an option to purchase that number of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock equal to the number of shares
of Sage common stock purchasable pursuant to such Sage option, multiplied by the exchange ratio for the merger, rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. The exercise price per share will be equal
to the exercise price per share of Sage common stock divided by the exchange ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. Each assumed option will be subject to all other terms and conditions set forth in the applicable documents evidencing each
Sage option immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, including any repurchase rights or vesting provisions. As of September 27, 2001, options for approximately 3,475,332 shares of Sage common stock were outstanding in the aggregate
under various Sage stock option plans.  

          Genesis
Microchip Delaware will file a registration statement on Form S-8 for the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock issuable with respect to options assumed by Genesis Microchip Delaware in connection with the merger.  

Treatment of Rights under Sages Employee Stock Purchase Plan  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, Sages employee stock purchase plan will be
terminated as of the effective time of the merger. Any offering period then underway under the Sage employee stock purchase plan will be shortened and pro rata adjustments to the rights of employees in each such Sage purchase plan will be made to
reflect the shortened offering period. Such shortened offering period will otherwise be treated as a fully effective and completed offering period for all purposes under the Sage employee stock purchase plan.  

Treatment of Sage 401(k) Plan  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, Sage will terminate all 401(k) plans, effective as of the date immediately preceding the effective date of
the merger.  

Conditions to Completion of the Merger  

          The respective obligations of Genesis Microchip and Sage to complete the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions before completion of the merger:  



the merger agreement has been adopted and approved and the merger has been be approved by the requisite vote of holders of Sage common stock;  



the issuance of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to holders of Sage common stock in connection with the merger has been approved by the requisite vote of
holders of Genesis Microchip common shares;  



no law, regulation or order has been enacted or issued that has the effect of making the merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting completion of the merger;



the Securities and Exchange Commission has declared Genesis Microchip Delawares registration statement effective, no stop order suspending its effectiveness has
been issued and no proceeding for suspension of the registration statements effectiveness has been initiated or threatened in writing by the Securities and Exchange Commission;  



all waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act with respect to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
have expired or terminated early;  



all other material foreign antitrust approvals required to be obtained prior to the merger in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
have been obtained;  



the conversion of Genesis Microchip has been consummated;  



Genesis Microchip has received from its U.S. tax counsel an opinion to the effect that the conversion together with the merger qualifies as a tax-free exchange under
the provisions of Section 351 of the United States Internal Revenue Code and Sage has received from its U.S. tax counsel an opinion to the effect that the merger constitutes a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
United States Internal Revenue Code and such opinions have not been withdrawn; and  



the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to be issued in the merger have been authorized for listing on the Nasdaq National Market.  

          Sages obligations to effect the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:  



the representations and warranties of Genesis Microchip will have been true and correct on September 27, 2001 and must continue to be true and correct on and as of the
date the merger is to be completed as if made at and as of such time, except:  



to the extent the representations and warranties of Genesis Microchip address matters only as of a particular date, they must be true and correct as of that date; and



to the extent that any inaccuracies of such representations and breaches of these warranties do not have a material adverse effect on Genesis Microchip.



Genesis Microchip will have performed or complied in all material respects with all of its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to be performed or
complied with by it before completion of the merger; and  



no material adverse effect on Genesis Microchip may have occurred.  

          Genesis Microchips obligations to complete the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions:  

          Sages
representations and warranties must have been true and correct on September 27, 2001, and must continue to be true and correct on and as of the date the merger is to be completed as if made on such date, except:  



to the extent Sages representations and warranties address matters only as of a particular date, they must be true and correct only as of that date; and



to the extent that any inaccuracies of such representations and breaches of such warranties do not have a material adverse effect on Sage.  



Sage must have performed or complied in all material respects with all of its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to be performed or complied
with by it before completion of the merger;  



the employment and noncompetition agreements entered into in connection with the merger are in full force and effect;  



no material adverse effect on Sage may have occurred; and  



Sage has received all consents, waivers and approvals required in connection with the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement.  

Definition of Material Adverse Effect  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, a 
material adverse effect 
on either Genesis Microchip or Sage is defined to mean
any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that is materially adverse to the business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, capitalization or results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.
However, under the terms of the merger agreement, none of the following will be deemed to constitute, nor will any of the following be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be a 
material adverse effect
 on Genesis
Microchip or Sage, as the case may be:  



any loss of customers, orders or design wins to the other party directly due to the public announcement of the execution of the merger agreement or the pendency of the
merger agreement, and any change in the revenues or operating results of a party directly attributable to such loss of customers, orders or design wins;



any change in the trading price of Genesis Microchip shares or Sage stock, as the case may be; or



any change in general economic conditions or the industries in which such party operates generally and not affecting a party to a materially disproportionate degree.

Termination of the Merger Agreement  

          The merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms at any time prior to completion of the merger, whether before
or after the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger by Sage stockholders:  



by mutual written consent duly authorized by the boards of directors of Genesis Microchip and Sage;  



by Genesis Microchip or Sage, if the merger is not consummated by May 31, 2002 for any reason, except that this right to terminate the merger agreement is not
available to any party whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the merger to occur on or before that date, and such action or failure to act constitutes a material breach of the merger agreement;



by Genesis Microchip or Sage, if there is any order of a court or other action or inaction of any governmental authority having the effect of permanently restraining,
enjoining or prohibiting the completion of the merger which is final and nonappealable;  



by Genesis Microchip or Sage, if the required shareholder approval of the Genesis Microchip shareholders of the conversion is not obtained,except that this right to
terminate the merger agreement is
not available to Genesis Microchip where the failure to obtain Genesis Microchips shareholder approval was caused by Genesis Microchips action or failure to act and such action or
failure to act constitutes a breach by Genesis Microchip of the merger agreement;  



by Genesis Microchip or Sage, if the issuance of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to Sage stockholders in connection with the merger fails to receive
the requisite vote by the shareholders of Genesis Microchip at a meeting of Genesis Microchip shareholders or at any adjournment of that meeting, except that the right to terminate the merger agreement is not available to Genesis Microchip where the
failure to obtain Genesis Microchip shareholder approval was caused by Genesis Microchips action or failure to act and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach by Genesis Microchip of the merger agreement;  



by Genesis Microchip or Sage, if the merger agreement and the merger fails to receive the requisite vote for adoption and approval at a meeting of Sage stockholders or
at any adjournment of that meeting, except that this right to terminate the merger agreement is not available to Sage where the failure to obtain Sage stockholder approval was caused by Sages action or failure to act and such action or failure
to act constitutes a breach by Sage of the merger agreement;  



by Genesis Microchip, if any of the following 
triggering events 
occur with respect to Sage:  



its board of directors withdraws, modifies or changes its recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger by
Sages stockholders;  



it fails to include its recommendation in this joint proxy statement/prospectus;  



its board of directors approves, solicits or recommends any acquisition proposal of the type described above under The Merger AgreementSage Prohibited from
Soliciting Other Offers beginning on page 66 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus;  



it enters into any letter of intent or similar agreement or arrangement contemplating an acquisition proposal or an acquisition transaction; or  



an acquisition proposal has been announced and Sage fails to recommend that its stockholders reject the acquisition proposal or reconfirm the recommendation for the
merger within five business days after such announcement.  



by Sage, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Genesis Microchip in the merger agreement or if any representation or
warranty of Genesis Microchip will have become untrue, in either case so that the condition to completion of the merger regarding Genesis Microchips representations and warranties or covenants would not be met. However, if the breach or
inaccuracy is curable by Genesis Microchip through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, then Sage may not terminate the merger agreement until the earlier of (1) thirty days after delivery of written notice from Sage to Genesis
Microchip of the breach, or (2) Genesis Microchip ceasing to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach or inaccuracy, provided that Genesis Microchip continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach or
inaccuracy. If the breach is cured during those thirty days, Sage may not exercise this termination right; or  



by Genesis Microchip, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Sage in the merger agreement or if any representation or
warranty of Sage will have become untrue, in either case so that the condition to completion of the merger regarding Sages representations and warranties or covenants would not be met. However, if the breach or inaccuracy is curable by Sage
through the exercise of commercially reasonable efforts, then Genesis Microchip may not terminate the merger agreement until the earlier of (1) thirty days after delivery of written notice from Genesis Microchip to Sage of the breach or (2) Sage
ceasing to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach or inaccuracy, provided that Sage continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach or inaccuracy. If the breach is cured during those thirty days,
Genesis Microchip may not exercise this termination right.  

Payment of Termination Fee by Sage  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, Sage has agreed to pay Genesis Microchip a termination fee of $9.64 million, plus an
amount equal to Genesis Microchips actual and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Genesis Microchip in connection with the merger, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated under the merger agreement (but in any
event not more than $1.75 million in the aggregate) if the merger agreement is terminated because of the occurrence of any 
triggering event
 described above under Termination of the Merger Agreement beginning on page 70 of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

          Under the terms
of the merger agreement, Sage has agreed to pay to Genesis Microchip the termination fee if the merger agreement is terminated because the merger is not completed by May 31, 2002 and either (a) or (b) below, or because Sage did not obtain the
required approval of its stockholders and either (a) or (b) below occur:  

(a)

after September 27, 2001 and prior to the termination of the merger agreement, a third party has announced an acquisition proposal with respect to Sage and within
twelve months following the termination of the merger agreement, an 
acquisition
 of Sage is consummated; or  

(b)

after September 27, 2001 and prior to the termination of the merger agreement, a third party has announced an acquisition proposal with respect to Sage and within
twelve months following the termination of the merger agreement, Sage enters into a letter of intent or an agreement providing for an 
acquisition 
of Sage and an acquisition is later consummated.  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, an 
acquisition 
for the
purposes of these termination provisions, with respect to Sage is any of the following:  



a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Sage, pursuant to which its stockholders
immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 60% of the aggregate equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction;  



a sale or other disposition by Sage of assets representing in excess of 30% of the aggregate fair market value of its business immediately prior to such sale; or



the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender offer or an exchange offer or issuance by Sage, directly or indirectly, of beneficial ownership or
a right to acquire beneficial ownership of shares representing in excess of 30% of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Sage.  

          The termination fee is payable in immediately available funds to such account designated by Genesis Microchip. If Genesis
Microchip has to make a claim against Sage and such claim results in a judgment against Sage, Sage will also have to pay Genesis Microchips reasonable costs and expenses in connection with such suit together with interest on the unpaid
termination fee. Payment of the termination fee is not in lieu of damages incurred in the event of breach of the merger agreement.  

Extension, Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement  

          Genesis Microchip and Sage may amend the merger agreement before completion of the merger by mutual written consent.

          Either Genesis Microchip or Sage may extend the
others time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts under the merger agreement, waive any inaccuracies in the others representations and warranties and waive compliance by the other with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in the merger agreement.  

Expenses  

          Except with respect to the termination fee described above, each party will pay all fees and expenses it incurs in connection with the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement whether or not the merger is consummated, except that Genesis Microchip and Sage will share equally all fees and expenses (other than the fees and expenses of attorneys and
accountants) incurred in relation to the printing and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the registration statement on Form S-4 and any amendments or supplements thereto of which this
forms a part and any antitrust filing fees.  

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger  

          The following discussion represents the
opinion of Morrison & Foerster LLP, U.S. tax counsel to Sage, concerning the material United States federal income tax consequences of the merger to Sage stockholders, Sage and Genesis Microchip Delaware. The following discussion is based on
existing provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code, existing Treasury regulations and current administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to change. Any such change, which may or may not be retroactive, could
alter the tax consequences to Genesis Microchip Delaware, Sage or Sage stockholders as described herein.  

          We do not discuss all United States federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to Sage stockholders in light of their particular circumstances. Factors that could alter
the tax consequences of the merger to a Sage stockholder include whether such a stockholder:  



is a dealer in securities;  



is subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code;  



is a non-United States person or entity;  



is a financial institution, tax-exempt organization or insurance company;  



acquired Sage shares in connection with stock option or stock purchase plans or in other compensatory transactions;  



holds Sage common stock as part of an integrated investment, including a straddle, consisting of shares of Sage common stock and one or more other
positions; or  



holds Sage common stock subject to the constructive sale provisions of Section 1259 of the United States Internal Revenue Code.  

          In addition, we do not discuss the tax consequences of the merger under
foreign, state or local tax laws, the tax consequences of transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the merger, whether or not any such transactions are undertaken in connection with the merger, including without
limitation any transaction in which Sage shares are acquired or shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock are disposed of, or the tax consequences to holders of options, warrants or similar rights to acquire Sage common stock. This
discussion assumes that Sage stockholders hold their shares of Sage common stock as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the United States Internal Revenue Code (generally, as an investment).  

Accordingly, Sage stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors concerning the specific tax consequences of the merger, including the
applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences to them in the merger.  

          The merger is intended to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the United States Internal Revenue Code and, in addition, when integrated with the
conversion, to be treated as a tax-free exchange described in Section 351 of the United States Internal Revenue Code. The obligations of Genesis Microchip and Sage to consummate the merger are conditioned upon Genesis Microchips receipt of an
opinion from its U.S. tax counsel, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, that the conversion
together with the merger qualifies as a tax-free exchange within the meaning of Section 351 of the United States Internal Revenue Code, and on Sages receipt of an opinion from its U.S. tax
counsel, Morrison & Foerster LLP, that the merger qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the United States Internal Revenue Code. These opinions will be subject to certain limitations, qualifications and
assumptions, and will be based on certain facts and representations, including factual representations contained in certificates executed by officers of Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage. These representations, if incorrect in any material
respect, could jeopardize the conclusions reached in this discussion. Neither Genesis Microchip nor Sage is currently aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause such representations and warranties to be untrue or incorrect in any material
respect. These opinions will assume that the merger is effected as described in the merger agreement and this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

          In this discussion, we refer to the merger, and/or the merger together with the conversion, as a non-recognition transaction, assuming the merger
qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the United States Internal Revenue Code, a transaction described in Section 351 of the United States Internal Revenue Code (when treated as part of the same transaction as the
conversion), or both. Assuming that the merger does qualify as a non-recognition transaction, in the opinion of Morrison & Foerster LLP, U.S. tax counsel to Sage, the following discussion sets forth the material United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger to the Sage stockholders, Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage:  



Sage stockholders will not recognize any gain or loss upon their receipt of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the merger, except on cash received for a
fractional share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock;  



the aggregate tax basis of the Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock received by a Sage stockholder in the merger, including any fractional shares of Genesis
Microchip Delaware common stock a Sage stockholder is deemed to receive, will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the Sage common stock surrendered in exchange therefor;  



the holding period of the Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock received by a Sage stockholder in the merger will include the period for which the Sage common stock
surrendered by such stockholder in exchange therefor was considered to be held; and  



any cash payment received by a Sage stockholder for a fractional share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock will be treated as if such fractional share had been
issued in the merger and then redeemed by Genesis Microchip Delaware. Assuming that, immediately after the merger, such stockholder holds a minimal interest in Genesis Microchip Delaware, exercises no control over Genesis Microchip Delaware and, as
a result of the deemed redemption and after giving effect to certain constructive ownership rules, experiences an actual reduction in interest in Genesis Microchip Delaware, such stockholder will recognize capital gain or loss on the deemed
redemption in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the holders adjusted tax basis allocable to such fractional share. Otherwise the cash payment may be taxable to the Sage stockholder as a dividend. Any
capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if a Sage stockholder has held their shares of Sage common stock for more than one year at the time the merger is completed.  



Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage will not recognize gain or loss solely as a result of the merger.  

          Neither Genesis Microchip nor Sage will request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service in
connection with the merger. The tax opinions do not bind the Internal Revenue Service and do not prevent the Internal Revenue Service from successfully asserting a contrary opinion. If the Internal Revenue Service successfully challenges the status
of the merger as a non-recognition transaction, a Sage stockholder would recognize taxable gain or loss with respect to each share of Sage common stock surrendered equal to the difference between the fair market value, as of the completion of the
merger, of the Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock received in the merger and the holders basis in the shares of Sage common stock exchanged therefor. In such event, the holders aggregate basis in the Genesis Microchip Delaware
common stock so received would equal its fair market value as of the effective time of the merger, and the holders holding period for such stock would begin the day after the merger.  

Genesis Microchip Delaware Board Composition  

          Under the terms of the merger agreement, at the closing of the merger:



The board of directors of Genesis Microchip Delaware will consist of seven directors;  



one current director of Genesis Microchip, will resign; and  



the Genesis Microchip board will take all actions necessary such that Chandrashekar M. Reddy, president and chief executive officer of Sage, and N. Damodar Reddy,
director of Sage, will be appointed to the Genesis Microchip Delaware board of directors.  

          At the closing, the Genesis Microchip Delaware board will consist of Alexander S. Lushtak, Amnon Fisher, Jeffrey Diamond, James E. Donegan, George A. Duguay, Lawrence G. Finch,
Chandrashekar M. Reddy and N. Damodar Reddy, less one current director of the Genesis Microchip board.  

Accounting Treatment of the Merger  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware will account for the merger as a purchase transaction. Under the purchase method of accounting, Genesis Microchip Delaware will measure the purchase
price at the fair value of consideration (measured as at the date of agreement and announcement) given for the Sage common stock and for options to purchase Sage common stock assumed by Genesis Microchip Delaware, plus the amount of direct
transaction costs. Genesis Microchip Delaware will allocate these costs to the acquired tangible and intangible assets, with any excess purchase price being assigned to goodwill.  

Regulatory Approvals 

          Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and the rules that have been promulgated under the act, acquisitions of a sufficient size may not be consummated
unless information has been furnished to the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and to the Federal Trade Commission and applicable waiting period requirements have been satisfied or early termination of the waiting period has been
granted. Genesis Microchips acquisition of shares of Sages common stock pursuant to the merger is subject to the provisions of that act. Under the act, the transaction cannot be consummated until the expiration or early termination of
the waiting period following the filing of a Hart-Scott-Rodino Notification and Report Forms by Genesis Microchip and Sage.  

          The Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission may challenge the merger on antitrust grounds either before or
after expiration of the waiting period. Accordingly, at any time before or after the completion of the merger, either the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission could take action under the antitrust laws as
it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, or another person could take action under the antitrust laws, including seeking to enjoin the merger. Additionally, at any time before or after the completion of the merger, notwithstanding
that the applicable waiting period has expired or ended, any state could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest. Genesis Microchip and Sage cannot be sure that a challenge to the merger will
not be made or that, if a challenge is made, Genesis Microchip and Sage will prevail.  

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock Issued in the Merger 

          Genesis Microchip has agreed to cause the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock issued in the merger to be authorized for listing on the
Nasdaq National Market before the completion of the merger, subject to official notice of issuance.  

Delisting and Deregistration of Sage Common Stock after the Merger 

          When the merger is completed, Sage common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act.  

Restrictions on Sales of Shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock
Received in the Merger  

          The shares of Genesis
Microchip Delaware common stock to be issued in the merger will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock issued to any person who is
deemed to be an affiliate of Sage prior to the merger. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Sage prior to the merger include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control of
Sage prior to the merger, and may include officers and directors, as well as principal stockholders of Sage prior to the merger. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Sage prior to the merger may not sell any of the shares of Genesis
Microchip Delaware common stock received by them in the merger except pursuant to:  



an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares;  



an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule145 under the Securities Act; or  



any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares registration statement on Form S-4, of which this document forms a part, does not cover the
resale of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to be received in the merger by persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Sage prior to the merger.  

Dissenters Rights of Appraisal in the Merger  

          Neither holders of Sage common stock nor holders of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock will be entitled to dissenters rights of appraisal in connection with the merger.

Other Material Agreements Relating to the Merger  

Voting Agreements  

          In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, stockholders of Sage who together hold approximately 15.76% of the voting power of
Sages voting shares (including options to purchase shares exercisable within sixty days of September 27, 2001) each executed voting agreements with Genesis Microchip dated as of September 27, 2001, in the form attached as Annex B to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. These stockholders include all of Sages directors and certain executive officers.  

          In the voting agreements, these Sage stockholders agreed to:  



vote their shares in favor of the approval and adoption of the merger, the merger agreement, each other transaction contemplated by the merger agreement and in favor
of any action required in furtherance of the consummation of the merger;  



vote against approval of any proposal made in opposition to, or in competition with, consummation of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement;  



vote against any extraordinary transaction other than those contemplated by the merger agreement or any other action intended to or that could reasonably be expected
to impede the merger; and  



grant, and did grant, Genesis Microchip irrevocable proxies to vote their shares as required by the voting agreement.  

          The voting agreements terminate upon the earliest to occur of:



the closing of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and  



the date the merger agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.  

Affiliate Agreements  

          As a condition to Genesis Microchips entering into the merger agreement, each member of Sages board of directors and executive officers
of Sage entered into affiliate agreements with Genesis Microchip. Under the terms of the affiliate agreements, Genesis Microchip will be entitled to place appropriate legends on the certificate evidencing any Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock
to be received by these persons and to issue stop transfer instructions to the transfer agent for Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. Additionally, these persons have acknowledged the resale restrictions imposed by Rule 145 under the Securities
Act of 1933 on shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to be received by them in the merger.  

Operation After the Merger  

          Following the merger, Sage will continue its operations as a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware for some period of time. Upon consummation of the merger, the
board of directors of Genesis Microchip Delaware will consist of seven directors, including Chandrashekar M. Reddy, the current chairman of Sages board of directors and Sages chief executive officer, and N. Damodar Reddy, a current Sage
director. The stockholders of Sage will become stockholders of Genesis Microchip Delaware, and their rights as stockholders will be governed by the Genesis Microchip Delaware certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the laws of the State of
Delaware. As noted above, after the merger, the Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock will be traded, without interruption, on the Nasdaq National Market, and under the symbol GNSS, as the common shares of Genesis Microchip are
currently traded.  

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

          The following selected unaudited pro forma consolidated financial data
present the effect of the merger between Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage as if the merger had been completed at the beginning of the periods presented for results of operations data and on September 30, 2001 for balance sheet purposes. The
unaudited pro forma consolidated financial data were prepared using the purchase method of accounting as effective at September 30, 2001.  

          The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements have been prepared based, in part, on the historical consolidated financial statements and
other financial statements incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For Genesis Microchip, those financial statements are included in Genesis Microchips Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2001 and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended March 31, 2001, which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For Sage, those financial statements are included in Sages Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001 and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2001, which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The historical consolidated financial statements of
Genesis Microchip and Sage, and these unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements have been prepared based upon currently available
information and assumptions that we believe are appropriate to give effect to the proposed acquisition of Sage.  

          The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements are for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of what actual results of operations and financial
position would have been as at and for the periods indicated if the merger had been completed at the dates indicated above, nor do they purport to represent our future financial position and results of operations. The pro forma adjustments are based
upon estimates, available information and certain assumptions and may be revised as additional information becomes available. The following information should be read in conjunction with all of the selected consolidated financial statements and the
separate audited and unaudited financial statements of Genesis Microchip and Sage and accompanying notes, incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See Where You Can Find More Information, beginning on page
132 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

GENESIS MICROCHIP INC.  

Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet  

(In thousands of U.S. dollars)  

September 30, 2001  

(Unaudited)  

Genesis 
Microchip  

Sage  

Pro Forma 
Adjustments  

Total  

(note 3(d))  

AS
SETS

Cu
rrent assets:  

          Ca
sh and cash equivalents  

$   57,344 

$   31,731 

$            

$   89,075 

          Sh
ort-term marketable securities

   

6,589 

   

6,589 

          Ac
counts receivable  

17,246 

6,530 

   

23,776 

          Inc
ome taxes recoverable  

   

   

          Inv
entory  

7,638 

5,644 

   

13,282 

          Inv
estment held for resale

1,100 

   

   

1,100 

          Oth
er  

4,373 

1,640 

   

6,013 

                   To
tal current assets  

88,139 

52,134 

   

140,273 

Pro
perty and equipment  

10,544 

4,729 

   

15,273 

De
ferred income taxes  

6,145 

   

   

6,145 

Go
odwill  

   

8,165 

(8,165

)  

154,282 

154,282 

Oth
er intangible assets  

   

(830

)  

38,600 

38,600 

Oth
er  

2,030 

   

2,717 

                   To
tal assets  

$105,515 

$   67,888 

$183,887 

$357,290 

LI
ABILITIES

AND

STOCKHOLDERS
 
EQUITY

Cu
rrent liabilities:  

          Ac
counts payable  

$     3,832 

$     1,285 

$            

$     5,117 

          Ac
crued liabilities  

3,930 

4,622 

5,685 

14,237 

          Cu
rrent portion of loans payable

   

   

          To
tal current liabilities  

7,852 

5,907 

5,685 

19,444 

Lo
ng-term liabilities:  

          Lo
ans payable  

   

   

          De
ferred income taxes  

   

   

23,242 

23,242 

          To
tal liabilities  

8,171 

5,907 

28,927 

43,005 

Sto
ckholders equity:  

          Sh
are capital  

93,285 

(142

)  

(93,264

)  

          Ad
ditional paid in capital

1,293 

202,810 

(202,810

)  

360,880 

266,323 

93,264 

          No
te receivable from stockholders

   

(58

)  

   

          De
ferred compensation  

(127

)  

(54

)  

(24,017

)  

(23,890

)  

          Cu
mulative other comprehensive loss

(94

)  

   

   

(94

)  

          Re
tained earnings (deficit)

2,987 

(140,859

)  

140,859 

(22,513

)  

(25,500

)  

                   To
tal stockholders equity  

97,344 

61,981 

154,960 

314,285 

                   To
tal liabilities and stockholders equity  

$105,515 

$   67,888 

$183,887 

$357,290 

See accompanying notes to pro forma consolidated financial statements.  

GENESIS MICROCHIP INC.  

Pro Forma Consolidated Statement of Operations  

Six
months ended September 30, 2001  

(Unaudited)  

Genesis 
Microchip  

Sage  

Pro Forma 
Adjustments  

Note 3  

Total  

(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except shares and per share 
amounts)  

Re
venues  

$57,443  

$17,971 

$          

$75,414 

Co
st of revenues  

30,910  

10,196 

   

41,106 

Gr
oss profit  

26,533  

7,775 

   

34,308 

Op
erating expenses:  

          Re
search and development  

9,385  

5,488 

2,987 

(c)  

17,860 

          Sal
es, general and administrative

8,754  

7,212 

2,986 

(c)  

18,952 

          Am
ortization of intangible assets

    

1,285 

(a)  

(1,285

)  

(a)  

          Am
ortization of acquired technology

    

   

5,313 

(b)  

5,313 

          Bu
siness combination expenses

    

1,136 

   

1,136 

                   To
tal operating expenses  

18,139  

15,121 

10,101 

43,361 

Inc
ome (loss) from operations  

8,394  

(7,346

)  

(10,101

)  

(9,053

)  

Int
erest and other income  

   

1,591 

Inc
ome (loss) before income taxes  

9,147  

(6,508

)  

(10,101

)  

(7,462

)  

Pro
vision for (recovery of) income taxes  

   

(4,554

)  

(3,636

)  

Ne
t income (loss)  

$   8,229  

$  (6,508

)  

$   (5,547

)  

$  (3,826

)  

Ea
rnings (loss) per share:  

          Ba
sic  

$     0.41  

$     (0.47

)  

$     (0.14

)  

          Dil
uted  

$     0.37  

$     (0.47

)  

$     (0.14

)  

Sh
ares used in computing earnings (loss) per share 
     (in thousands):

          Ba
sic  

20,211  

13,959 

28,182 

          Dil
uted  

22,024  

13,959 

28,182 

GENESIS MICROCHIP INC.  

Pro Forma Consolidated Statement of Operations  

Year ended March 31, 2001  

(Unaudited)  

Genesis 
Microchip  

Sage  

Pro Forma 
Adjustments  

Note 3  

Total  

(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except shares and per share 
amounts)  

Re
venues  

$63,627 

$   31,399 

$          

$   95,026 

Co
st of revenues  

32,416 

16,898 

(813

)  

(a)  

48,501 

Gr
oss profit  

31,211 

14,501 

46,525 

Op
erating expenses:  

          Re
search and development  

17,413 

8,239 

5,972 

(c)  

31,624 

          Sel
ling, general and administrative

15,947 

12,302 

5,973 

(c)  

34,222 

          Ch
arge for in-process technology

   

7,200 

   

7,200 

          Am
ortization and impairment of intangible
assets  

   

110,773 

(a)  

91,663 

(19,310

)  

(a)  

          Am
ortization of acquired technology

   

   

10,625 

(b)  

10,625 

                   To
tal operating expenses  

33,360 

138,514 

3,460 

175,334 

Lo
ss from operations  

(2,149

)  

(124,013

)  

(2,647

)  

(128,809

)  

Int
erest and other income  

2,328 

2,932 

   

5,260 

Inc
ome (loss) before income taxes  

(121,081

)  

(2,647

)  

(123,549

)  

Re
covery of income taxes  

(2,483

)  

   

(9,108

)  

(11,591

)  

Ne
t income (loss)  

$   2,662 

$(121,081

)  

$   6,461 

$(111,958

)  

Ea
rnings (loss) per share:  

          Ba
sic  

$     0.14 

$        (9.48

)  

$        (4.19

)  

          Dil
uted  

$     0.13 

$        (9.48

)  

$        (4.19

)  

Sh
ares used in computing earnings (loss) per share 
     (in thousands):

          Ba
sic  

19,406 

12,776 

26,701 

          Dil
uted  

19,884 

12,776 

26,701 

See accompanying
notes to pro forma consolidated financial statements.  

GENESIS MICROCHIP INC.  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except shares and per share amounts)  

Six months ended September 30, 2001 and for the year ended March 31, 2001  

1.    Basis of presentation:  

          Genesis Microchip Incorporated, a Nova Scotia company which we refer to as Genesis Microchip, is converting to a Delaware corporation. In the conversion, the holders of shares of
Genesis Microchip will exchange their shares for an equal number of newly issued shares of Genesis Microchip Inc., a newly formed Delaware corporation, which we refer to as Genesis Microchip Delaware. Genesis Microchip Delaware is currently a wholly
owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip. These pro forma unaudited consolidated financial statements present the pro forma financial position and results of operations of Genesis Microchip Delaware. For accounting purposes, the conversion will be
accounted for as a non-substantive exchange whereby the net assets of Genesis Microchip will be recorded by Genesis Microchip Delaware in its consolidated financial statements initially at the same carrying value as recorded in the consolidated
financial statements of Genesis Microchip immediately prior to the conversion. In addition, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows previously reported by Genesis Microchip prior to the conversion will be reported unchanged in
the comparative period to the consolidated financial statements of Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

          On September 27, 2001, Genesis Microchip and Sage, Inc., which we refer to as Sage, agreed to merge in a transaction accounted for as a purchase. The estimated total purchase price
of $272.0 million includes the issuance by Genesis Microchip Delaware, of common stock valued at $222.8 million, the assumption of Sage stock options valued at $43.6 million and estimated direct transaction costs of $5.7 million.  

          These unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements provide for
the exchange of 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock for each outstanding share of Sage common stock.  

          The actual number of shares to be issued is dependent on the actual number of shares of Sage common stock outstanding on the date the merger closes.
The average market price per share of Genesis Microchip common stock of $27.38 is based on the average closing price for a period of two trading days before and after the announcement date of the merger (September 28, 2001).  

          Based on the total number of Sage options outstanding on September 28, 2001,
Genesis Microchip would issue options to purchase 1,881,619 shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. The actual number of options granted depends on the actual number of Sage options outstanding on the date the merger closes.

          The estimated total purchase cost of the Genesis
Microchip and Sage merger is as follows (in thousands):  

Va
lue of share consideration  

$222,757  

Va
lue of stock option consideration  

43,574  

Est
imated costs of acquisition  

5,685  

          To
tal purchase cost  

$272,016  

          The
purchase price for pro forma purposes was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the book value of Sages tangible assets and liabilities and on an independent appraisal for all other identifiable assets. Management
believes that the book values of Sages assets and liabilities approximate their market values. The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been allocated to
goodwill.  

          The allocation of the
purchase price, which is preliminary and therefore subject to change based on Genesis Microchip Delawares final analysis of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the closing date, is as follows (in thousands):

Amount  

Annual 
Amortization  

Useful Lives  

(years)  

Pu
rchase price allocation:  

          Ta
ngible net assets (other than property and
equipment)  

$   48,257 

$    N/A  

N/A  

          Pro
perty and equipment  

4,729 

*  

*  

          Int
angible assets acquired:

                   Ac
quired developed product technology  

4,500 

2,250  

                   Ac
quired core technology  

33,500 

8,375  

                   Tra
demarks and trade names  

                   Go
odwill  

154,282 

N/A  

N/A  

          In-
process research and development

25,500 

N/A  

N/A  

          Sto
ck-based compensation  

23,890 

11,945  

          De
ferred income tax  

(23,242

)  

N/A  

N/A  

To
tal estimated purchase price allocation  

$272,016 

$22,770  

*

Amounts are consistent with amortization and lives used by Sage.  

          An
independent valuation specialist performed an allocation of the total purchase price of Sage to its individual assets and liabilities. In addition to the value assigned to in-process research and development projects, and Sages tangible
assets, specific intangible assets were identified and valued. The related amortization of the identifiable intangible assets are reflected as a pro forma adjustment to the unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of operations. The identifiable
intangible assets consist of acquired developed product technology, acquired core technology and trademarks and tradenames. This independent appraisal will be finalized at the date of closing. For purposes of these pro forma consolidated financial
statements, estimated values as at September 28, 2001 have been used.  

          The acquired developed product technology, which is comprised of products that are already technologically feasible, includes products in most of Sages product lines. These
include digital video interface/line doublers, video enhancers, decoders and integrated chips for their home theatre and multi-media products. Genesis Microchip Delaware expects to amortize the acquired developed product technology of approximately
$4.5 million on a straight-line basis over an estimated remaining useful life of two years.  

          The acquired core technology, which is comprised of products that are already technologically feasible, includes products that are expected to leverage functionality from developed
products and technologies. Genesis Microchip Delaware expects to amortize the acquired core technology of approximately $33.5 million on a straight-line basis over an estimated remaining useful life of four years.  

          The trademarks and trade names consist of the Faroudja trade name and its
Directional Correlational De-Interfacing label. Genesis Microchip Delaware expects to amortize the assigned value of approximately $0.6 million on a straight-line basis over an estimated remaining useful life of three years.  

          Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the underlying net identifiable assets.  

          Sage is
currently developing new products that qualify as in-process research and development in multiple product areas. For the purposes of determining which projects qualified as in-process research and development, technological feasibility is defined as
being equivalent to completion of design verification testing when the design is finalized and ready for pilot manufacturing. Current engineering efforts are focused on improving product performance, reducing product form factors integrating
multiple functions into single components and component integration into modules. Products that will incorporate in-process technologies include digital video interfacer/line doublers and integrated chips. Developing and enhancing these products is
time-consuming, costly and complex. There is a risk that these developments and enhancements will be late, fail to meet customer or market specifications, and will not be competitive with other products using alternative technologies that offer
comparable functionality.  

          The value of $25.5
million assigned to in-process research and development was determined by considering the importance of each project to the overall development plan, estimating costs to develop the purchased in-process research and development into commercially
viable products, estimating the resulting net cash flows from the projects when completed and discounting the net cash flows to their present value. The revenue estimates used to value the purchased in-process research and development were based on
estimates of relevant market sizes and growth factors, expected trends in technology and the nature and expected timing of new product introductions by Sage and its competitors.  

          The rates utilized to discount the net cash flows to their present value are based on
Sages weighted average cost of capital. Given the nature of the risks associated with the difficulties and uncertainties in completing each project and thereby achieving technological feasibility, anticipated market acceptance and penetration,
market
growth rates and risks related to the impact of potential changes in future target markets, the weighted average cost of capital was adjusted. Based on these factors, discount rates of 18%, 25%
and 29% were deemed appropriate for the acquired developed product technology, acquired core technology and in-process research and development.  

          The estimates used in valuing in-process research and development were based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently
uncertain and unpredictable. Assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate, and no assurance can be given that unanticipated events and circumstances will not occur. Accordingly, actual results may vary from the projected results. Any such variance
may result in a material adverse effect on Genesis Microchip Delawares financial condition and results of operations.  

          A portion of the purchase price has been allocated to acquired developed product and acquired core technology and in-process research and
development. Acquired developed product and acquired core technology and in-process research and development were identified and valued through analysis of data provided by Sage concerning developmental products, their stage of development, the time
and resources needed to complete them, if applicable, their expected income generating ability, target markets and associated risks. The Income Approach, which includes an analysis of the markets, cash flows and risks associated with achieving such
cash flows, was the primary technique utilized in valuing the developed technology and in-process research and development.  

          Where developmental projects had reached technological feasibility, they were classified as either acquired developed product technology or acquired
core technology, and the value assigned was capitalized. Where the developmental projects had not reached technological feasibility and had no alternative uses, they were classified as in-process research and development and will be charged to
expense upon closing of the merger.  

          The unaudited
pro forma consolidated balance sheet and statements of operations are based upon the historical financial information described below after giving effect to the transaction and adjustments described in notes 2, 3, and 4. These unaudited pro forma
consolidated financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the transaction actually taken place at the dates indicated and do not purport to be indicative of the effects that may
be expected to occur in the future. The pro forma consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements described below which are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statements/prospectus.

          The pro forma consolidated financial statements
have been prepared to give pro forma effect to the proposed acquisition of Sage and the conversion of Genesis Microchip from a Nova Scotia company to a Delaware corporation.  

          (a)  Pro forma consolidated statements of operations:  

          The pro forma consolidated statement of operations for the year ended March 31, 2001 is based
on:  



our audited financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2001;  



the audited financial statements of Sage for the year ended March 31, 2001; and  



the additional information provided in notes 2, 3, and 4.  

The pro forma consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended September 30, 2001 is based on:  



our unaudited financial statements for the six months ended September 30, 2001;  

            the unaudited financial statements of Sage for the six months ended
September 30, 2001; and  

            the additional information provided in notes 2, 3, and 4.

          (b)  Pro forma balance
sheet:  

          The pro forma consolidated balance sheet as at September 30, 2001 is based on:

            our unaudited financial statements as at September 30, 2001;

            the unaudited financial statements of Sage as at September 30, 2001; and

            the additional information provided in notes 2, 3, and 4.

Both Sages and Genesis Microchips financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States.  

2.    Pro forma transactions and assumptions:

          The pro forma consolidated financial statements
have been prepared to give effect to the following:  

          (a)  On September 27, 2001, Genesis Microchip entered into an agreement and plan of merger and reorganization to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Sage
in exchange for the issuance of shares. The outstanding share capital of Sage includes approximately 14.2 million shares of common stock and options to acquire approximately 3.5 million shares of common stock. As consideration for the acquisition,
approximately 10.1 million shares will be issued in the merger. In the merger, each outstanding share of Sage common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock (the exchange
ratio). In addition, each option to purchase a share of Sage common stock will be converted into an option to purchase 0.571 of a share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. The value assigned to share consideration, for the purposes of
the pro forma consolidated financial statements, has been calculated based on the weighted average price of Genesis Microchip common shares on the Mazda National Market for the period from September 27, 2001 to October 1, 2001, inclusive, being
$27.38. The assumption of Sage stock options consideration, for purposes of the pro forma consolidated financial statements, has been calculated based on a fair value allocation. The actual split of the purchase price between goodwill and
identifiable intangibles and deferred stock-based compensation will be affected by the closing price of Genesis Microchip common shares on the closing date of the acquisition. For purposes of the pro forma financial statements, Genesis Microchip has
assumed a completion date market price of $27.38 in the calculation of the intrinsic value allocation to deferred stock-based compensation. In preparation for the business combination with Sage, Genesis Microchip will effectively convert from a Nova
Scotia company to a newly formed Delaware corporation.  

          A preliminary Sage acquisition equation for purposes of these
pro forma consolidated financial statements based on the estimated fair value of the net assets and liabilities of Sage at September 30, 2001 is set forth below:  

Book Value  

Fair Value  

Adjustments  

Ne
t assets acquired:  

          Ca
sh and cash equivalents  

$31,731 

$   31,731 

$          

          Sh
ort-term marketable securities

6,589 

6,589 

   

          Ac
counts receivable  

6,530 

6,530 

   

          Inv
entory  

5,644 

5,644 

   

          Oth
er assets  

3,670 

3,670 

   

          Pro
perty and equipment  

4,729 

4,729 

   

          Go
odwill  

8,165 

   

(8,165

)  

          Oth
er intangible assets  

   

(830

)  

          Ac
counts payable  

(1,285

)  

(1,285

)  

   

          Ac
crued liabilities  

(4,622

)  

(4,622

)  

   

$61,981 

52,986 

$(8,995

)  

All
ocation of the net purchase price:  

          In 
process research and development

25,500 

          Ac
quired developed product technology

4,500 

          Ac
quired core technology  

33,500 

          Tra
demarks and trade names

          Go
odwill  

154,282 

          De
ferred stock-based compensation

23,890 

          De
ferred income taxes  

(23,242

)  

$272,016 

Co
nsideration paid:  

          Sh
are consideration  

$222,757 

          Sto
ck option consideration

43,574 

          Co
sts of acquisition  

5,685 

$272,016 

3.    Pro forma adjustments:

          The pro forma consolidated financial statements
give effect to the transactions described in note 2, as if they had occurred at September 30, 2001 for purposes of the pro forma consolidated balance sheet and at the beginning of the periods presented for purposes of the pro forma consolidated
statements of operations. The pro forma consolidated statements of operations do not include any material non-recurring charges (see (e) below) that will arise as a result of the transactions described in note 2. Pro forma transactions recognized in
the pro forma consolidated financial statements are as follows:  

(a)

To give effect to the amortization of the Sage trademarks and trade names arising on the acquisition over a period of three years, which amortization is in the amount
of $100 and $200 for the periods ended September 30, 2001 and March 31, 2001, respectively, and the reversal of amortization recorded by Sage relating to its intangible assets.  

(b)

To give effect to the amortization of the Sage acquired technology arising on the acquisition over a period of two and four years for developed product technology and
core technology, respectively, which amortization is in the amount of $5,313 and $10,625 for the periods ended September 30, 2001 and March 31, 2001, respectively.  

(c)

To give effect to the compensation expense of approximately $5,973 and $11,945 for the periods ended September 30, 2001 and March 31, 2001, respectively. The deferred
stock-based compensation arising from the acquisition is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the future service period in which the related stock options vest of two years and has been classified in accordance with the nature of the
services provided by the option holder.  

(d)

The pro forma consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2001 gives effect to the acquisition of Sage described in note 2, as if it had occurred on September 30,
2001, including the effect of recording of the consideration paid and the fair value of the identified intangible assets acquired. In preparation for the business combination with Sage, Genesis Microchip will effectively convert from a Nova Scotia
company to a newly formed Delaware corporation. Share capital has been adjusted in order to reflect this conversion through share capital and additional paid in capital. The pro forma consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2001 gives effect
to certain merger-related expenses, consisting primarily of investors bankers fees, attorneys, accountants, financial printing and other related charges, as well as employee termination costs and lease cancellation costs, of approximately $5.7
million. The estimated merger-related expenses and purchase price allocation are preliminary and are therefore subject to change. The ultimate purchase price allocation will be based on the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities at the
completion date. Significant intangible asset allocations will be subject to independent appraisal.  

(e)

The pro forma statement of operations adjustments do not include a nonrecurring adjustment of $25,500 to recognize in-process research and development identified as
part of the purchase price allocation (note 1). This charge will be reflected in our actual income statement in the twelve month reporting period following the closing of the business combination due to the immediate write off of in-process research
and development under generally accepted accounting principles.  

4.    Basic and diluted pro forma earnings per share:  

          Basic pro forma earnings per share have been presented based on our historical consolidated financial statements after giving pro forma effect to the proposed acquisition of Sage
as if it had occurred at the beginning of the periods presented.  

          Basic earnings per share have been calculated by dividing the pro forma consolidated income for the periods by the pro forma weighted average number of shares as calculated in the
table below (in thousands):  

Six Months 
Ended 
September 30, 

Year Ended 
March 31, 

Ou
r actual basic weighted average number of shares outstanding  

20,211  

19,406  

Est
imated number of shares to be issued on proposed Sage 
     acquisition

7,971  

7,295  

To
tal pro forma basic weighted average number of shares 
     outstanding

28,182  

26,701  

          Diluted pro forma
earnings per share have been presented based on our historical consolidated financial statements after giving pro forma effect to the proposed acquisition of Sage as if it had occurred at the beginning of the periods presented. Diluted earnings per
share have been calculated by the treasury stock method by dividing the pro forma consolidated income for the periods by the pro forma weighted average number of shares as calculated in the table below (in thousands):  

Six months 
Ended 
September 30, 

Year Ended 
March 31, 

Ou
r actual basic weighted average number of shares outstanding  

20,211  

19,406  

Est
imated number of shares to be issued on proposed Sage 
     acquisition

7,971  

7,295  

Est
imated number of diluted shares to be issued through stock 
     options
on proposed Sage acquisition  

    

    

To
tal pro forma diluted weighted average number of shares 
     outstanding

28,182  

26,701  

          The deemed
exercise of all outstanding stock options after the merger has been excluded from the diluted pro forma earnings per share calculation above as the effect of their exercise would be anti-dilutive.  

DESCRIPTION OF GENESIS MICROCHIP DELAWARE CAPITAL STOCK  

          The following describes the material terms of the capital stock of
Genesis Microchip Delaware under the certificate of incorporation and bylaws that will be in effect immediately after the merger is completed. This section also summarizes relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The terms of the
Genesis Microchip Delaware certificate of incorporation and bylaws are more detailed than the general information provided below. Therefore, you should carefully consider the actual provisions of those documents.  

Authorized Capital Stock  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 105,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of
100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share.  

Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock  

          The holders of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. The board of directors of the corporation
is classified, and stockholders may not cumulate votes in connection with the election of directors. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors
standing for election, if they so choose. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the board of
directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Genesis Microchip Delaware, the holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for
distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities of our company, subject to the prior rights of preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock has no preemptive or
conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. All shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock outstanding upon completion of the merger
will be fully paid and non-assessable.  

Genesis Microchip Delaware Preferred Stock  

          Pursuant to Genesis Microchip Delawares certificate of
incorporation, the Genesis Microchip Delaware board of directors has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, qualifications and limitations granted to or
imposed upon any unissued and undesignated shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designations of such series, without any further vote or action by the stockholders (subject to applicable law and
applicable stock exchange rules). The Genesis Microchip Delaware board of directors, without stockholder approval (subject to applicable law and applicable stock exchange rules), can issue preferred stock with voting and conversion rights that could
adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock, and the issuance of such preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Genesis Microchip
Delaware. At this time, Genesis Microchip Delaware does not anticipate that any shares of preferred stock will be issued and outstanding immediately after the merger.  

Anti-Takeover Considerations 

          Delaware General Corporation Law and the Genesis Microchip Delaware certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain a number of provisions that may have the effect of discouraging
transactions that involve an actual or threatened change of control of Genesis Microchip Delaware. For example, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws allow:
Further, stockholders are not permitted to vote by written consent, and with regard to certain matters, cannot amend the certificate of incorporation and bylaws without the affirmative vote of
80% in interest of the then outstanding capital stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware entitled to vote in the election of directors. For a more detailed description of such provisions, see Comparison of Rights of Holders of Genesis Microchip
Delaware Common Stock and Sage Common Stock beginning on page 92 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.  

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

          The Transfer Agent and Registrar of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock is Mellon Investor Services LLC, 85 Challenger Road, Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660, and its
telephone number is (201) 296-4211.  

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF GENESIS MICROCHIP DELAWARE COMMON STOCK AND SAGE COMMON STOCK 

          The following is a description of the material differences between the rights of holders of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock and the rights
of holders of Sage common stock. While we believe that this description covers the material differences between the two, this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. This summary is not intended to be a complete
discussion of the certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage, and is qualified in its entirety by applicable Delaware General Corporation Law, as well as by Genesis Microchip Delawares and Sages
respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws. You should carefully read this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents referred to herein for a more complete understanding of the differences between the rights of Genesis
Microchip Delaware stockholders and Sage stockholders. Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission their respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws and will send copies of these documents to
you upon your request. See Where You Can Find More Information on page 132 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus for information on how to obtain such documents.  

Authorized Capital Stock 

          Genesis Microchip Delawares certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 105,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 100,000,000 shares of common stock,
$0.001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share.  

          Sages certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 60,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.  

Common Stock  

          Each of Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage have one class of common stock issued and outstanding. Holders of Genesis Microchip Delaware common
stock and holders of Sage common stock are each entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held.  

Preferred Stock  

          The certificate of incorporation of each of Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage provide that the board of directors is authorized to provide for the
issuance of shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and to fix the designations, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof.  

Board of Directors 

Size of the Board of Directors  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws allow the authorized number of directors to be established from time to time by resolution of the board of
directors. Immediately after the merger, Genesis Microchip Delawares board will consist of seven members.  

          Sages bylaws indicate that the number of directors of Sage shall be no less than three and no more than five. The number of directors on Sages board may be changed by
the Sage board of directors. Sages board of directors currently has four members.  

          The directors of Genesis Microchip Delaware and the directors of Sage are each elected for a term of three years, or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified.

Election of Directors  

          Each of Genesis Microchip Delawares and Sages bylaws provide that directors shall be elected by a plurality vote of the stockholders
entitled to vote for the election of directors.  

Removal of Directors  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws provide that any director may be removed at any time only with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of entitled to vote at an election of directors.  

          Sages bylaws provide that any director may be removed with or without cause at a special meeting of the stockholders. Sages bylaws further provide that if the board of
directors is classified, the stockholders may only remove a director with cause.  

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares and Sages bylaws provide that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled only by a
majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, or the sole remaining director and that any director filling a vacancy shall hold office for the remainder of the unexpired term and until his or her successor is elected and
qualified.  

Ability to Call Special Meetings of the Board of Directors  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares and Sages bylaws both provide that special meetings of
the board of directors may be called by the chairman of the board, the president, or any two directors.  

Stockholder Actions  

Ability to Call a Special Meeting of Stockholders  

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the board of directors or any other
person as may be provided in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation.  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called by Genesis Microchip Delawares board of directors, the chairman of the
board of directors, the chief executive officer, or the president only.  

          Sages bylaws provide that a special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the board of directors, the chairman of the board, the president, or by
stockholders holding in the aggregate not less than 10% of the voting power at the time of the meeting.  

          Because Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws do not allow stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders, it would be more difficult for Genesis Microchip Delaware
stockholders to effect corporate actions than is the case for Sage stockholders.  

Limitations on Business Transacted at a Special Meeting of Stockholders 

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws provide that business transacted at a special meeting of Genesis Microchip Delawares stockholders is limited to the purposes
specified in the notice of the meeting or properly brought before the meeting.  

          Sages bylaws provide that business transacted at a special meeting of Sages stockholders is limited to the business set forth in the notice of the meeting or properly
brought before the meeting.  

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws allow stockholders to nominate candidates for election to Genesis Microchip Delawares board of directors or propose other business at
any annual or any special stockholder meeting. To be properly brought before an annual or special meeting, nominations for the election of directors or other business proposals must be:  



specified in the notice of meeting, or any supplemental material, given by or at the direction of the board of directors;  



otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors; or  



otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice for the meeting and on the record
date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting.  

          However, nominations and proposals may only be made by a stockholder who has given timely written notice to the secretary of Genesis Microchip Delaware before the annual or special
stockholder meeting.  

          Under Genesis Microchip
Delawares bylaws, to be timely, notice of stockholder nominations or proposals to be made at a stockholder meeting must be received by the Secretary of Genesis Microchip Delaware no less than ninety days prior to the anniversary date of the
immediately preceding annual meeting. If, however, the annual meeting is called for a date not within thirty days before or after such anniversary date, or in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing
directors, the stockholder will be considered timely if the proposal is received by close of business on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of meeting was mailed or public disclosure was made, whichever occurs first.

          Sages bylaws provide that no matter proposed
by its stockholders will be considered at an annual meeting unless:  



it is specified in the notice of meeting;  



it is brought by or at the direction of the board of directors; or  



it is brought by a stockholder of the corporation who was a stockholder of record on the record date and who has timely provided the necessary written notice of the
matter to Sages secretary.  

          For a proposal to be timely, Sages bylaws provide that the proposal must be delivered to or mailed and received by the principal executive offices of the corporation not less
than thirty nor more than sixty days prior to the meeting. If, however, the annual meeting is called for a date not within forty days before or after the anniversary date of the prior years meeting or in the case of a special meeting of
stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, the stockholder proposal will be considered timely if it is received by close of business on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of meeting was mailed or public
disclosure was made, whichever occurs first.

          Sages bylaws provide that no matter proposed by its stockholders will be considered at a special meeting unless:  



it is called by the board of directors, the chairman of the board, the president, or by stockholders holding in the aggregate not less than 10% of the voting power at
the time of the special meeting; and  



it is specified in the notice of meeting that is provided in compliance with Sages bylaws.  

          Sages bylaws
provide that any stockholder entitled to vote at any election of directors may propose nominees for election to the board of directors by providing written notice of the nomination to Sages secretary. For a nomination to be timely, with some
exceptions, the nomination must be delivered to or mailed and received by the principal executive offices of the corporation not less than thirty nor more than sixty days prior to the meeting.  

          Each of Genesis Microchip Delawares and Sages bylaws provide that a stockholder
proposal must set forth the following information:  



a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting;



the name and record address of the stockholder proposing such business;  



the class and number of shares of the corporation that are beneficially owned by the stockholder; and  



any material interest of the stockholder in such business.  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws also provide that the proposal must set forth a representation that the stockholder is a
holder of record entitled to vote at the meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy to introduce the business specified on the notice.  

Stockholder Action by Written Consent  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws provide that stockholders may take action only at annual or special meetings of the
stockholders. Genesis Microchip Delaware stockholders may not take action by written consent.  

          Sages bylaws provide that any action required by Delaware law to be taken at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the corporation, or any action that may be
taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action taken by the stockholders, are signed by the holders
of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at an annual meeting or special meeting.  

          Because Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws do not allow stockholders to take action by written consent, it would be more
difficult for Genesis Microchip Delawares stockholders to effect corporate actions than is the case for Sage stockholders.  

Amendment to Organizational Documents 

Certificate of Incorporation  

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, a certificate of incorporation of a Delaware corporation may be amended by approval of the board of
directors of the corporation and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for the amendment, unless a higher vote is required by the corporations certificate of incorporation.

          The certificate of incorporation of Genesis
Microchip Delaware contains provisions requiring the affirmative vote of 80% in interest of the then outstanding capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors to alter the following:  



the division of the board of directors into three classes;  



the ability of the board of directors (1) to amend the bylaws, (2) to fill vacancies on the board of directors, and (3) to determine the number of directors that serve
on the board of directors;  



the provision regarding advance notice of stockholder proposals;  



the manner in which notice of stockholder meetings is provided;  



the manner in which directors are nominated for election;  



the ability of officers and directors to call a special stockholder meeting;  



the ability of stockholders to act by written consent; and  



the ability of stockholders to amend the certificate of incorporation to alter any provision noted above.  

          Sages certificate of incorporation does not contain any provision
requiring a vote greater than that required by Delaware General Corporation Law to amend the certificate of incorporation.  

          Because Genesis Microchip Delawares certificate of incorporation requires a higher threshold vote to amend certain provisions than the
certificate of incorporation of Sage, it would be more difficult for Genesis Microchip Delaware stockholders to effect certain corporate actions than is the case for Sage stockholders.  

Bylaws  

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders entitled to vote have the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws. In addition, a corporation
may, in its certificate of incorporation, confer such power upon the board of directors. The stockholders always have the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws, even though the board may also be delegated such power.  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares board of directors is expressly authorized
to adopt, alter, amend and repeal Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws. Genesis Microchip Delawares stockholders may also adopt, amend or repeal Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws in accordance with Delaware General Corporation Law
and Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws. However, the affirmative vote of 80% in interest of the then outstanding capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors is required to alter any bylaw provision:



to allow stockholders to act by written consent;  



to allow stockholders to call special stockholder meetings;  



affecting the advance notice of stockholder proposals requirement;  



affecting the manner in which notice of stockholder meetings is provided;  



affecting the manner in which directors are nominated for election;  



affecting the ability of the board of directors (1) to amend the bylaws, (2) to fill vacancies on the board of directors, and (3) to determine the number of directors
that serve on the board of directors; or  



affecting the ability of stockholders to amend the bylaws to alter any of the above.  

          Sages stockholders may repeal, alter or amend the bylaws and may adopt new bylaws by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the stockholders entitled to vote, unless a larger vote is required by the bylaws or the certificate of incorporation. Sages board of directors is expressly authorized to repeal, alter or amend Sages
bylaws or adopt new bylaws by unanimous written consent or a majority vote at a meeting of the board of directors, provided that the board of directors may not alter any bylaw that sets forth the qualifications, classifications or term of office of
the directors.  

          Because Genesis Microchip
Delawares bylaws require a higher threshold vote to amend certain provisions than do Sages bylaws, it would be more difficult for Genesis Microchip Delaware stockholders to effect certain corporate actions than is the case for Sage
stockholders.  

Exculpation and Indemnification 

Limitation of Liability of Directors  

          Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation to include a provision in its certificate of incorporation eliminating or
limiting the personal liability of a director or officer to the corporation or its stockholders for damages for a breach of the directors fiduciary duty, subject to certain limitations. The certificate of incorporation of each of Genesis
Microchip Delaware and Sage includes such a provision to the maximum extent permitted by law.  

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, however, a companys indemnification of its directors may not eliminate or limit director monetary liability for:  



breaches of the directors duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders;  



acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct or knowing violations or law;  



the payment of unlawful dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or  



transactions in which the director received an improper personal benefit.  

          While these provisions provide directors with protection against monetary damages for breaches of their duty of care, they
do not eliminate that duty. Accordingly, these provisions will have no effect on the availability of equitable remedies such as an injunction or rescission based on a directors breach of his or her duty of care.  

Indemnification  

          Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation to indemnify officers and directors for actions taken in good faith and in a manner such
officer or director reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation, and with respect to any criminal action, which they had no reasonable cause to believe was unlawful.  

          The bylaws of each of Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage provide that any
person who was or is a party or is threatened to be a party to or is involved in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, because that person is or was a director or officer, or is or was serving at
the request of Genesis Microchip Delaware or Sage, as the case may be, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, will be indemnified against expenses, including
attorneys fees, judgments, fines, taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement, and held harmless by Genesis Microchip Delaware or Sage, as the case may be, to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. The
indemnification rights conferred by Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage are not exclusive of any other right to which persons seeking indemnification may be entitled under any statute, Genesis Microchip Delawares or Sages certificate of
incorporation or bylaws, any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.  

          In addition, Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage are authorized to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of their directors and officers.  

          The bylaws of each of Genesis Microchip Delaware and Sage also provide that
Genesis Microchip Delaware or Sage, as the case may be, may pay expenses incurred by its directors or officers in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding because that person is a director or officer, in advance of the final
disposition of that action, suit or proceeding. However, such payment will be made only if Genesis Microchip Delaware or Sage, as the case may be, receives an undertaking by or on behalf of that director or officer to repay all amounts advanced if
it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by Genesis Microchip Delaware or Sage, as the case may be, as authorized by Genesis Microchip Delawares or Sages bylaws. Genesis
Microchip Delawares bylaws also provide that Genesis Microchip Delaware shall not be required to indemnify any director or officer in connection with any proceeding initiated by such
officer or director unless the proceeding was authorized in advance by Genesis Microchip Delawares board of directors.  

          However, insofar as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
Genesis Microchip Delaware pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, Genesis Microchip Delaware has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.  

State Anti-Takeover Statutes 

          Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits, in certain circumstances, a business combination between the corporation and an interested stockholder within
three years of the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a holder who, directly or indirectly, controls 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock or is an affiliate of the corporation
and was the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock at any time within the prior three-year period. A business combination includes a merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of assets having an aggregate value in
excess of 10% of the consolidated assets of the corporation or the aggregate market value of the assets (determined on a consolidated basis) or outstanding stock of the corporation and certain transactions that would increase the interested
stockholders proportionate share ownership in the corporation. This provision does not apply where:  



the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder is approved by the corporations board of
directors prior to the time the interested stockholder acquired such 15% interest;  



upon the consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the
outstanding voting stock of the corporation excluding, for the purpose of determining the number of shares outstanding, shares held by persons who are directors and also officers and by employee stock plans in which participants do not have the
right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered;  



the business combination is approved by a majority of the board of directors and the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the outstanding votes entitled to be cast by
disinterested stockholders at an annual or special meeting;  



the corporation does not have a class of voting stock that is listed on a national securities exchange, authorized for quotation on Nasdaq, or held of record by more
than 2,000 stockholders unless any of the foregoing results from action taken, directly or indirectly, by an interested stockholder or from a transaction in which a person becomes an interested stockholder;  



the corporation effectively elects not to be governed by this provision; or  



in certain other limited circumstances. Neither Genesis Microchip Delaware nor Sage has taken action to elect not to be governed by this provision.  

Rights Agreement 

          Under
Delaware General Corporation Law, every corporation may create and issue rights entitling the holders of such rights to purchase from the corporation shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, subject to any provisions in its certificate
of incorporation. The price and terms of such shares must be stated in the certificate of incorporation or in a resolution adopted by the board of directors for the creation and issuance of such rights.  

          Sage has entered into a
rights agreement. As with most stockholder rights agreements, the terms of the rights agreement are complex and not easily summarized, particularly as they relate to the acquisition of common stock and to exercisability. This summary may not contain
all of the information that is important to you. Accordingly, you should carefully read Sages Rights Agreement and Sages First Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, which are incorporated by reference into this document, in their
entirety. Genesis Delaware does not currently have a stockholder rights agreement in place.  

          Each outstanding share of Sage common stock includes one right. Each right entitles the registered holder, when such right is exercisable and subject to the terms of the rights
agreement, to purchase from Sage one-hundredth of a share of Series A Preferred stock at a price of $70.00, subject to adjustment. Initially, the rights will attach to all certificates representing shares of the outstanding shares of Sage common
stock, and no separate rights certificates will be distributed. The rights may be bought and sold separately from the Sage common stock upon the earlier of (i) ten business days following a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or
associated persons, but excluding Genesis or any of its affiliates until the termination of the merger agreement, has acquired or otherwise obtained beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the then outstanding shares of the Sage common stock and (ii)
ten business days following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning 20% or more of the then outstanding shares of Sage common stock. The description and terms of the rights are
set forth in Sages First Amended and Restated Rights Agreement between Sage and Mellon Investor Services LLC, as rights agent, dated as of September 27 , 2001, filed with the SEC on September 28, 2001 as an exhibit to Sages registration
statement on Form 8-A. Sages Rights Agreement between Sage and Mellon Investor Services LLC, as rights agent, dated as of June 1, 2001 was filed with the SEC on August 7, 2001 as an exhibit to Sages registration statement on Form 8-A.

THE CONVERSION 

          The
following is a description of the material aspects of the proposed conversion of Genesis Microchip, including the share exchange and arrangement agreement and plan of arrangement. This summary may not contain all of the information that is important
to you. We encourage you to read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the share exchange and arrangement agreement and the plan of arrangement which are attached to this document as Annex E for a more complete
understanding of the conversion.  

General  

          The board of
directors has unanimously approved the conversion of Genesis Microchip, as a Nova Scotia company, to a Delaware corporation. The conversion will be completed through an exchange in which Genesis Microchip, the Nova Scotia company, will become an
indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware, a newly formed Delaware corporation. Shareholders of Genesis Microchip will become stockholders of Genesis Microchip Delaware. The shares of common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware
received by shareholders will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market.  

          The conversion will be effected through a share exchange and arrangement agreement and plan of arrangement. Pursuant to the terms of the plan of arrangement, Genesis NSULC, a newly
formed Nova Scotia unlimited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware, will acquire all of the outstanding common shares of Genesis Microchip, except for those held by Genesis Microchip shareholders who properly
exercise dissent rights, and the Genesis Microchip shareholders, other than those who properly exercise their dissent rights, will receive from Genesis NSULC one share of common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware for each Genesis Microchip common
share then held by them. Shareholders of Genesis Microchip who properly exercise their dissent rights will have their shares cancelled on completion of the conversion. Following the completion of the conversion, Genesis Microchip will become an
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware. If the conversion is not approved or completed there will be no change in the share ownership of shareholders of Genesis Microchip. If approved, the conversion will be completed even if
the merger with Sage is not approved.  

Reasons for the Conversion 

          The board of directors of Genesis Microchip has determined that the conversion is in the best interests of Genesis Microchip and Genesis Microchip shareholders.  

          The principal reason for the conversion is to change the legal domicile
of Genesis Microchip to Delaware in order to facilitate future acquisitions of other companies. Genesis Microchip is currently limited in the use of its capital stock to acquire U.S. corporations in a manner that would qualify as tax-free
reorganizations under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. The potential inability of Genesis Microchip to provide a tax-free acquisition structure to stockholders of U.S. corporations is a competitive disadvantage for Genesis Microchip to the extent it
desires to expand its business by acquiring U.S. domiciled corporations. By effectively changing the legal domicile of Genesis Microchip from Nova Scotia to Delaware, these restrictions would be eliminated.  

          Under section 367(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, foreign
corporations, such as Genesis Microchip, that desire to acquire U.S. domiciled corporations in an acquisition qualifying as a reorganization (which, for federal income tax purposes, generally permits both the acquired corporation and its
shareholders to avoid recognizing any gain to the extent the acquisition consideration is capital stock of the acquiring corporation or its parent) must satisfy additional requirements that are not imposed on U.S. domiciled acquirers (section
367 requirements). One of the section 367 requirements is that a foreign acquirer must have been engaged in an active trade or business outside the United States for at least thirty-six months immediately prior to an acquisition.
Up until May 1999, Genesis Microchip conducted its business predominately outside the United States and thus satisfied the active trade or business requirement. However, following Genesis Microchips
acquisition of Paradise Electronics, Inc. in May 1999 the combined company migrated a portion of its executive and operational activity into the United States. As a result of this migration,
Genesis Microchip believes it no longer clearly satisfies the active trade or business requirement of the section 367 requirements, notwithstanding Genesis Microchips ongoing business activities in Canada. Accordingly, to the
extent Genesis Microchips business strategy is to expand its activities through the acquisition of U.S. domiciled corporations in transactions that allow the targeted companies and their stockholders to obtain beneficial tax treatment under
U.S. tax laws (such as contemplated in the Sage merger), Genesis Microchip must undertake the proposed conversion. Absent the conversion, a Genesis Microchip bid to acquire a U.S. corporation might be at a competitive disadvantage with respect to
bids by U.S. corporations which are not subject to the section 367 requirements or by foreign corporations which are able to clearly satisfy the section 367 requirements.  

Recommendation of the Genesis Microchip Board of Directors 

          The board of directors has determined unanimously that the conversion is fair to the Genesis Microchip shareholders and is in the best interests of Genesis Microchip. The board of
directors unanimously recommends that the Genesis Microchip shareholders vote in favor of the arrangement resolution at the special general meeting.  

No Change in the Board Members, Business, Management, Employee Plans or Location of Principal Facilities of Genesis Microchip 

          The conversion will effect a change only in the legal domicile of Genesis Microchip and certain other changes of a legal nature,
certain of which are described in this document. The conversion will not result in any change in the business, management, fiscal year, assets or liabilities, except to the extent of legal and other costs of effecting the conversion, or location of
the principal facilities of Genesis Microchip. The current officers and directors of Genesis Microchip will become the officers and directors of Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

          All stock option and employee stock purchase plans of Genesis Microchip will be assumed and continued by Genesis Microchip
Delaware, and each option or right issued pursuant to such plans will automatically be converted into an option or right to purchase the same number of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock, upon the same terms and subject to the same
conditions. Any document or agreement previously evidencing options to purchase Genesis Microchip common shares will evidence options to purchase Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. Genesis Microchip Delaware will file a registration statement
on Form S-8 for the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock issuable upon the exercise of Genesis Microchip stock options assumed within ten days after the effective time of the arrangement. Approval of the conversion will also constitute
approval of the assumption of these plans by Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

          After the completion of the conversion, the common stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware will continue to be traded, without interruption, on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol GNSS. Following the effective date of the plan of arrangement, Genesis Microchip intends to change the name of Genesis Microchip from Genesis Microchip Incorporated to Genesis Microchip (Canada) Incorporated.  

Share Exchange and Arrangement Agreement and Plan of Arrangement 

          To effect the conversion, Genesis Microchip will enter into a share exchange and arrangement agreement and plan of arrangement.  

Incorporation of Genesis Microchip Delaware  

          Genesis Microchip has incorporated Genesis Microchip Inc., a Delaware corporation that is currently wholly owned by Genesis
Microchip. The authorized capital stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware consists of 105,000,000 shares of capital stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 100,000,000 is common stock and 5,000,000 is preferred stock, which constitutes a sufficient
number of shares to permit the exchange of all outstanding securities of Genesis Microchip for an equivalent number of securities of Genesis Microchip Delaware. One share of common stock was issued to Genesis Microchip on the incorporation of
Genesis Microchip Delaware, and will be repurchased or cancelled upon the consummation of the conversion.  

Incorporation of Genesis NSULC  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware will incorporate Genesis NSULC, an unlimited liability company under the laws of the Province of Nova Scotia, which will
be wholly owned by Genesis Microchip Delaware. The authorized capital of Genesis NSULC will consist of 1,000,000,000 common shares without nominal or par value. Prior to the conversion, Genesis Microchip Delaware will issue and transfer to Genesis
NSULC a sufficient number of shares to permit the exchange of all outstanding securities of Genesis Microchip for an equivalent number of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock.  

Interim Order by Nova Scotia Court Regarding Special General Meeting  

          In order to effect the Plan of Arrangement, Genesis Microchip has applied to the Supreme Court
of Nova Scotia pursuant to subsection 130(1) of the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) for an interim order approving the calling of the special general meeting of shareholders to approve the Plan of Arrangement and the delivery of proxy
solicitation materials, which materials, including this document, have been delivered to the Supreme Court prior to the hearing for the interim order. A copy of the interim order is attached as Annex F to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

          The plan of arrangement must be approved at the
special general meeting by a majority of shareholders of Genesis Microchip present in person or by proxy at the special general meeting, and holders of at least seventy-five percent of the common shares of Genesis Microchip present either in person
or by proxy at the special general meeting.  

Final Order by Nova Scotia Court Regarding the Plan of Arrangement  

          Upon receiving shareholder approval for the plan of arrangement, Genesis Microchip will apply
to the Supreme Court for a final order approving the plan of arrangement. This hearing has been scheduled for                 
                 , 2001. A copy of the notice of the hearing is attached as Annex G to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. If the special general meeting is
adjourned, then the hearing at which Genesis Microchip will seek a final order of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia to approve the plan of arrangement will also be adjourned for seven days or such other date as the Supreme Court may determine.

          At this hearing, all holders of Genesis Microchip
common shares who wish to participate or be represented or to present evidence or arguments may do so, subject to filing a notice of appearance and satisfying other requirements or as the Supreme Court may order. The Supreme Court will consider,
among other things, the fairness of the plan of arrangement, the level of shareholder approval and any disapproval. Subject to the provisions of the 
Companies Act 
(Nova Scotia), the Supreme Court may approve the plan of arrangement as
proposed or amended in any manner as the Supreme Court may direct, and subject to compliance with such terms and conditions, if any, as the Supreme Court deems to be necessary or desirable under the circumstances.  

          The parties will file the final order and the plan of arrangement with the
Nova Scotia Registrar of Joint Stock Companies. The final order approving the plan of arrangement will become effective upon the delivery of a certified copy of the final order to the Nova Scotia Registrar of Joint Stock Companies.

Pre-Arrangement Transactions  

          Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the plan of arrangement, Genesis Microchip Delaware will issue shares of its common stock to Genesis NSULC
in exchange for common shares of Genesis NSULC in sufficient number to permit the exchange of all outstanding securities of Genesis Microchip for an equivalent number of securities of Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

Effectiveness of Plan of Arrangement; Share Issuances  

          It is expected that the plan of arrangement will become effective as soon as practicable after the requisite shareholder and
Supreme Court of Nova Scotia approvals have been obtained and the other conditions to effectiveness set forth in the plan of arrangement are satisfied or waived.  

          On the effective date of the plan of arrangement, each of the issued and outstanding shares of Genesis Microchip, except those
shares held by Genesis Microchip shareholders who properly exercise dissent rights and receive payment from Genesis Microchip, will be transferred to Genesis NSULC in exchange for one share of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock. Shareholders of
Genesis Microchip who properly exercise their dissent rights will have their shares cancelled on the effective date.  

          Immediately following the exchanges pursuant to the plan of arrangement, the one share of Genesis Microchip Delaware stock previously held by Genesis Microchip will be redeemed or
cancelled, resulting in Genesis Microchip being an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

Exchange of Genesis Microchip Share Certificates for Genesis Microchip Delaware Stock Certificates  

          Promptly following the effective time of the plan of arrangement, the
exchange agent for the conversion will mail to each record holder of Genesis Microchip common shares a letter of transmittal and instructions for surrendering their share certificates in exchange for certificates representing Genesis Microchip
Delaware common stock, and any dividends or other distributions, if any. When the Genesis Microchip shareholders deliver their Genesis Microchip share certificates to the exchange agent along with any required documents, the Genesis Microchip share
certificates will be canceled and such shareholder will receive Genesis Microchip Delaware stock certificates representing the number of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to which they are entitled under the plan of arrangement.

          Holders of Genesis Microchip common shares
should not send in their Genesis Microchip share certificates until they receive a letter of transmittal from the exchange agent with instructions for the surrender of Genesis Microchip share certificates.  

Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares  

          Holders of Genesis Microchip common shares are not entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on Genesis Microchip
Delaware common stock with a record date after the effective time of the arrangement until such holders have surrendered their Genesis Microchip shares certificates in exchange for Genesis Microchip Delaware stock certificates. When your Genesis
Microchip Delaware stock certificates are issued, you will receive payment without interest for any dividend or distribution on Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock with a record date after the conversion and a payment date prior to the date you
surrender your Genesis Microchip shares certificates.  

Transfers of Ownership and Lost Share Certificates  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware will only issue Genesis Microchip Delaware stock certificates in a name other than the name in which a
surrendered Genesis Microchip share certificate is registered if the person requesting such exchange presents to the exchange agent all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and to show that such person paid any
applicable share transfer taxes. If Genesis Microchip share certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the holder of such certificates may need to deliver an affidavit and a lost certificate bond prior to receiving any Genesis Microchip
Delaware stock certificates.  

Restrictions on Sales of Shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Stock Received in the Conversion

          The shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to be issued in the conversion will be exempt from registration pursuant to Section 3(a)(10)
of the Securities Act and will be freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an affiliate of Genesis Microchip prior to the
conversion. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Genesis Microchip prior to the conversion include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control of Genesis Microchip prior to the
conversion, and may include officers and directors, as well as principal stockholders of Genesis Microchip prior to the conversion. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Genesis Microchip prior to the conversion may not sell any of the
shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock received by them in the conversion except pursuant to:  



an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares;  



an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or  



any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares exemption from registration for the shares to be issued in the conversion does not cover the
resale of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock to be received in the conversion by persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Genesis Microchip prior to the conversion.  

Expenses 

          Whether or not
the conversion is completed, all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the share exchange and arrangement agreement and plan of arrangement and the transactions contemplated thereby shall be paid by Genesis Microchip, including
attorneys fees, except that fees incurred in connection with the printing and filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus shall be shared between Genesis Microchip and Sage.  

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

          The transfer agent and registrar for common shares of Genesis Microchip is Mellon Investor Services LLC, 85 Challenger Road, Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660, which will also
serve as the transfer agent and registrar for the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

Rights of Dissent and Dissent Procedures for the Conversion 

          Genesis Microchip shareholders may dissent from the arrangement by exercising their right of dissent pursuant to the plan of arrangement. In general, any shareholder who dissents
from the arrangement in compliance with the plan of arrangement will be entitled, in the event the arrangement is approved and the conversion becomes effective, to be paid the fair value of the Genesis Microchip common shares held by such dissenting
shareholder determined as of the close of business on the day before the arrangement is adopted.  

          The dissent provisions provide that a shareholder may only make a claim thereunder with respect to all the shares of a class held by the shareholder on behalf of any one beneficial
owner and registered in the shareholders name. One consequence of this provision is that a shareholder may only exercise the right to dissent under the dissent procedures in respect of Genesis Microchip common shares that are registered in
that holders name. In many cases, shares beneficially owned by a person are registered in the name of an intermediary that the non-registered holder deals with in respect of the shares (such as banks, trust companies, securities dealers and
brokers, trustees or administrators of self-administered registered retirement savings plans, registered retirement income funds, registered educational savings plans and similar plans, and their nominees). A non-registered holder who wishes to
exercise the right to dissent should immediately contact the intermediary with whom the non-registered holder deals in respect of the Genesis Microchip common shares and either:  

(i)

instruct the intermediary to exercise the right to dissent on the non-registered holders behalf; or  

(ii)

instruct the intermediary to re-register the Genesis Microchip common shares in the name of the non-registered holder, in which case the non-registered holder would
have to exercise the right to dissent directly.  

          A shareholder who wishes
to dissent from the arrangement must provide a written notice of dissent to Genesis Microchip by depositing such notice of dissent with an officer of Genesis Microchip at the special general meeting, or by mailing it by registered mail to Genesis
Microchip, attention Secretary, 165 Commerce Valley Drive W., Thornhill, Ontario L3T 7V8, at or before the special general meeting. The filing of a notice of dissent does not deprive a shareholder of the right to vote at the special general meeting;
however, a shareholder who has submitted a notice of dissent in respect of the arrangement who then votes in favor of such arrangement will no longer be considered a dissenting shareholder. Genesis Microchip will not assume that a vote against the
arrangement or an abstention constitutes a notice of dissent. However, a shareholder need not vote his, her or its securities against the arrangement in order to dissent. Similarly, the revocation of a proxy conferring authority on the proxy holder
to vote in favor of such resolution does not constitute a notice of dissent; however, any proxy granted by a shareholder who intends to dissent, other than a proxy that instructs the proxy holder to vote against the arrangement, should be validly
revoked in order to prevent the proxy holder from voting such securities in favor of such resolution and thereby causing the shareholder to forfeit his, her or its right to dissent.  

          Genesis Microchip is required, within ten days after the Genesis Microchip shareholders approve
the arrangement, to notify each dissenting shareholder that the arrangement has been approved. Such notice is not required to be sent to any shareholder who voted in favor of the arrangement or any shareholder who has withdrawn his, her or its
notice of dissent.  

          A dissenting shareholder who has
not withdrawn his, her or its notice of dissent must then, within twenty days after receipt of notice that the Genesis Microchip arrangement has been adopted or, if the dissenting shareholder does not receive such notice, within twenty days after
he, she or it learns that the Genesis Microchip arrangement has been approved, send to Genesis Microchip a written demand for payment, containing his, her or its name and address, the number of Genesis Microchip common shares in respect of which he,
she or it dissents, and a demand for payment of the fair value of such Genesis Microchip common shares. Within thirty days after sending a demand for payment, the dissenting shareholder must send to Genesis Microchip or 
Mellon Investor
Services LLC the certificates representing the Genesis Microchip common shares in respect of which he, she or it dissents. A dissenting shareholder who fails to send certificates representing the shares in respect of which he, she or it dissents
forfeits his, her or its right to dissent. Genesis Microchip or its transfer agent will endorse on any share certificate received from a dissenting shareholder a notice that the holder is a dissenting shareholder and will forthwith return the share
certificates to the dissenting shareholder.  

          Upon
the arrangement becoming effective, a dissenting shareholder ceases to have any rights as a holder of the Genesis Microchip common shares in respect of which the shareholder has dissented other than the right to be paid the fair value of such shares
as determined under the dissent procedures, unless:  



the dissenting shareholder withdraws the demand for payment before Genesis Microchip makes an offer to pay; or  



Genesis Microchip fails to make a timely offer to pay to the dissenting shareholder and the dissenting shareholder withdraws his, her or its demand for payment;

in which case the dissenting shareholder shall receive common stock of Genesis Microchip
Delaware in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement. If the arrangement does not proceed, the dissenting shareholders rights as a shareholder will not be affected.  

          Genesis Microchip is required, not later than seven days after the later of the effective date of the arrangement or the date on
which Genesis Microchip receives a demand for payment from a dissenting shareholder, to send each dissenting shareholder an offer to pay for his, her or its Genesis Microchip common shares in an amount considered by the board of directors of Genesis
Microchip to be the fair value thereof, accompanied by a statement showing the manner in which such fair value was determined. Each offer to pay must be on the same terms. Genesis Microchip must pay for the Genesis Microchip common shares of a
dissenting shareholder within ten days after an offer to pay has been accepted by such dissenting shareholder, but any such offer lapses if Genesis Microchip does not receive an acceptance
thereof within thirty days after the offer to pay has been made.  

          If Genesis Microchip fails to make an offer to pay for a dissenting shareholders Genesis Microchip common shares or if a dissenting shareholder fails to accept an offer which
has been made, Genesis Microchip may, within fifty days after the effective date of the arrangement or within such further period as the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia may allow, apply to the Supreme Court to fix a fair value for the Genesis Microchip
common shares of dissenting shareholders. If Genesis Microchip fails to apply to the Supreme Court, a dissenting shareholder may apply to the Supreme Court for the same purpose within a further period of twenty days or within such further period as
the Supreme Court may allow. A dissenting shareholder is not required to give security for costs in such an application.  

          Upon an application to the Supreme Court, all dissenting shareholders whose Genesis Microchip common shares have not been purchased by Genesis Microchip will be joined as parties
and bound by the decision of the Supreme Court, and Genesis Microchip will be required to notify each affected dissenting shareholder of the date, place and consequences of the application and of his, her or its right to appear and be heard in
person or by counsel. Upon any such application to the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court may determine whether any person is a dissenting shareholder who should be joined as a party, and the Supreme Court will then fix a fair value for the Genesis
Microchip common shares of all dissenting shareholders. The Court may in its discretion appoint one or more appraisers to assist the Supreme Court to fix a fair value for the Genesis Microchip common shares of all dissenting shareholders. The final
order of the Supreme Court will be rendered against Genesis Microchip in favor of each dissenting shareholder and for the amount of the fair value of his, her or its Genesis Microchip common shares as fixed by the Supreme Court. The Court may, in
its discretion, allow a reasonable rate of interest on the amount payable to each dissenting shareholder from the effective date of the arrangement until the date of payment.  

Accounting Treatment of the Conversion 

          For accounting purposes the conversion will be accounted for as a non-substantive exchange whereby the net assets of Genesis Microchip will be recorded by Genesis Microchip
Delaware in its consolidated financial statements initially at the same carrying value as recorded in the consolidated financial statements of Genesis Microchip immediately prior to the conversion. In addition, the financial position, results of
operations and cash flows previously reported by Genesis Microchip prior to the conversion will be reported unchanged in the comparative period reporting to the consolidated financial statements of Genesis Microchip Delaware.  

          On an ongoing basis, Genesis Microchip Delaware will continue to assess
the recoverability of its deferred tax assets arising in various tax jurisdictions and will review the related valuation allowances as appropriate.  

THE CONVERSIONMATERIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES 

          The following addresses the material provisions of United States and Canadian federal income tax laws that may affect Genesis Microchip and Genesis Microchips shareholders
in the conversion. Although this summary discusses the principal tax considerations that Genesis Microchip deems to be material to a Genesis Microchip shareholder, it does not purport to discuss all of the United States and Canadian tax consequences
that may be relevant to Genesis Microchips shareholders, nor will it apply to the same extent or in the same way to all shareholders. The following does not address the effect of any state, local, or provincial tax law, rule or regulation, nor
is any information provided as to the effect of any foreign tax law, other than the federal law of the United States and Canada to the extent specifically set forth herein. The following discussion is included for general information purposes only.
It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice to any particular shareholder.  

          Genesis Microchip shareholders are strongly advised and are expected to consult with their own legal and tax advisors regarding the United States and Canadian income tax
consequences of the conversion in light of their individual circumstances.  

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences for Genesis Microchip Shareholders 

          The following discussion represents the opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, U.S. tax counsel to Genesis Microchip, concerning the material
United States federal income tax consequences of the conversion to U.S. Holders and Non-U.S. Holders (each as defined below) who own shares of Genesis Microchip stock as capital assets on the date of this proxy statement. This discussion does not
address all United States federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to such holders in light of their particular circumstances.  

          As used herein, the term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of shares of Genesis Microchip who is, for United States federal income
tax purposes:  



an individual citizen or resident of the United States;  



a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or of any
political subdivision thereof;  



a partnership or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes;  



an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income tax regardless of its source; or  



a trust, in general, if (x) it is subject to the primary supervision of a United States court and the control of one or more United States persons or (y) it has made
an election to be treated as a United States person.  

The term U.S. Holder also
includes certain former citizens and residents of the United States. If a partnership holds common stock, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership.

          Non-U.S. Holders are persons who hold shares of
Genesis Microchip other than persons who are U.S. Holders.  

          This discussion is based on current provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code, regulations, rulings and judicial interpretations, all as in effect on the date hereof,
and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. No ruling from the Internal Revenue Service will be requested concerning the United States federal income tax consequences of the conversion or of holding or disposing of
shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware. The tax consequences set forth in this discussion are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts and no assurance can be given that contrary positions will not be successfully asserted by
the Internal Revenue Service or adopted by a court. This discussion does not address any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-United States taxing jurisdiction.

Tax Consequences of the Conversion to U.S. Holders  

          The following is a general discussion of the material United States federal income tax
consequences of the conversion to U.S. Holders. This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to particular U.S. Holders in light of their personal circumstances or to U.S. Holders subject to
special treatment under the United States Internal Revenue Code. United States expatriates, life insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, dealers in securities or currency, banks or other financial institutions, investors whose functional
currency is other than the United States dollar, and investors that hold common stock as part of a hedge, straddle or conversion transaction are among those categories of potential investors that are subject to special rules not covered in this
discussion. This discussion also does not address the tax consequences of transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to or concurrently with the conversion (whether or not such transactions are in connection with the conversion), including,
without limitation, transactions in which shares of Genesis Microchip are acquired or shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware are disposed of.  

          In the opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, U.S. tax counsel to Genesis Microchip, the conversion will be
integrated with the merger and, with respect to the Genesis Microchip shareholders, will qualify as a tax-free exchange under the provisions of Section 351 of the United States Internal Revenue Code. Subject to the assumptions, limitations and
qualifications referred to herein:  



U.S. Holders of shares of Genesis Microchip will recognize no gain or loss upon the receipt of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware solely in exchange for their shares
of Genesis Microchip in the conversion;  



the aggregate tax basis of the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware received by U.S. Holders of shares of Genesis Microchip in the conversion will be the same as the
aggregate tax basis of the shares of Genesis Microchip surrendered in exchange therefor;  



the holding period of the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware received by each U.S. Holder of shares of Genesis Microchip in the conversion will include the holding
period of the shares of Genesis Microchip surrendered in exchange therefor; and  



a U.S. Holder of shares of Genesis Microchip exercising dissenters rights in the conversion generally will recognize gain or loss with respect to a cash payment
measured by the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received in exchange for the holders shares of Genesis Microchip and the holders tax basis in such shares.  

          Certain dissenting noncorporate U.S. Holders may be subject to backup withholding on cash
payments received in the conversion. Please refer to Backup Withholding and Information Reporting below.  

          The tax opinion delivered to Genesis Microchip does not bind the Internal Revenue Service and does not prevent the Internal Revenue Service from successfully asserting a contrary
opinion. If the Internal Revenue Service successfully challenged the qualification of the conversion together with the merger as a tax-free exchange under the provisions of Section 351 of the United States Internal Revenue Code, a Genesis Microchip
shareholder would recognize taxable gain or loss with respect to the Genesis Microchip common shares surrendered in the conversion equal to the difference between the fair market value, as of the date of the conversion, of those shares and the
holders basis in the shares. In such event, the holders aggregate basis in the Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock received in the conversion would equal its fair market value as of the effective time of the conversion, and the
holders holding period for such stock would begin the day after the conversion.  

Tax Consequences of the Conversion to Non-U.S. Holders  

          The following is a general discussion of the material United States federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders of
the receipt of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware in the conversion and the ownership and disposition of the shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware so received. This discussion does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation
that may be relevant to a Non-U.S. Holder in light of such holders particular tax status or situation.  

The Conversion  

          Non-U.S. Holders generally will recognize no U.S. taxable gain or loss in connection with the receipt of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock,
or, in the case of dissenting holders, cash, solely in exchange for shares of Genesis Microchip in the conversion.  

          Non-U.S. Holders who receive Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the conversion, which stock is effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business by such
holders, generally will have the same tax consequences as do U.S. Holders on the receipt of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock in the conversion. See Tax Consequences of the Conversion to U.S. Holders above.  

Dividends  

          We have not paid any dividends on shares of Genesis Microchip, and we do not plan to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future on Genesis
Microchip Delaware common stock. However, if we do pay dividends on Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock, those payments will constitute dividends for United States federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current and accumulated
earnings and profits, as determined under United States federal income tax principles. To the extent those dividends exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits, the dividends will constitute a return of capital and will first reduce a
holders basis, but not below zero, and then will be treated as gain from the sale of stock.  

          A dividend paid to a Non-U.S. Holder of common stock generally will be subject to United States withholding tax either at a rate of 30% of the gross amount of the dividend or at
such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable tax treaty. In order to receive a reduced treaty rate, a Non-U.S. Holder must provide us with an Internal Revenue Service form W-8BEN certifying to the holders qualification for the reduced
rate.  

          Dividends received by a Non-U.S. Holder that
are effectively connected with a United States trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder are exempt from this withholding tax. In order to obtain this exemption, a Non-U.S. Holder must provide us with an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI
certifying to such exemption. Such effectively connected dividends, although not subject to this withholding tax, are taxed at the same graduated rates applicable to United States persons, net of certain deductions and credits.  

          In addition to the graduated tax described above, dividends received by
a corporate Non-U.S. Holder that are effectively connected with a United States trade or business of the corporate Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable tax
treaty.  

          A Non-U.S. Holder of common stock who is
eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax pursuant to a tax treaty may obtain a refund of any excess amounts currently withheld by filing an appropriate claim for refund with the Internal Revenue Service.  

Gain on Disposition of Common Stock  

          A Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to United States federal income tax on any gain realized upon the sale or other
disposition of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock unless:  



the gain is effectively connected with a United States trade or business of the Non-U.S. Holder (which gain, in the case of a corporate Non-U.S. Holder, must also be
taken into account for branch profits tax purposes);  



the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who holds his or her common stock as a capital asset (generally, an asset held for investment purposes) and who is present in the
United States for a period or periods aggregating one hundred eighty-three days or more during the calendar year in which the sale or disposition occurs and certain other conditions are met; or  



we are or have been a United States real property holding corporation for United States federal income tax purposes at any time within the shorter of the
five-year period preceding the disposition or the holders holding period for our common stock. We have determined that we are not and do not believe that we will become a United States real property holding corporation for United
States federal income tax purposes.  

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

          Generally, Genesis Microchip Delaware or any
other appropriate person must report annually to the Internal Revenue Service (1) the amount of dividends paid to a holder and the gross proceeds received by a holder from the sale of Genesis Microchip Delaware stock for cash, (2) the name and
address of the recipient of the dividends or gross proceeds and (3) the amount, if any, of tax withheld. A similar report is sent to the holder. Pursuant to tax treaties or other agreements, the Internal Revenue Service may make its reports
available to tax authorities in the recipients country of residence.  

          United States backup withholding tax is imposed on applicable payments to persons who fail to furnish the information required under the United States information reporting
requirements. This backup withholding tax is imposed at a rate of 30.5% through December 31, 2001, and at a rate of 30% during 2002 and 2003, with further reductions thereafter.  

          Under current Treasury Regulations, the payment of the proceeds of the disposition of common
stock to or through the United States office of a broker is subject to information reporting and backup withholding unless the holder certifies to its non-United States status under penalties of perjury or otherwise establishes an exemption.
Generally, the payment of the proceeds of the disposition by a Non-U.S. Holder of common stock outside the United States to or through a foreign office of a broker will not be subject to backup withholding but will be subject to information
reporting requirements if the broker is:  



a United States person;  



a controlled foreign corporation for United States federal income tax purposes;  



a foreign person 50% or more of whose gross income for certain periods is from the conduct of a United States trade or business; or  



a foreign partnership if at any time during its tax year (1) one or more of its partners are United States persons, as defined for United States federal income tax
purposes, who in the aggregate hold more than 50% of the income or capital interests in the partnership, or (2) the foreign partnership is engaged in a United States trade or business;  

unless the broker has documentary evidence in its files of the holders non-United States status and certain other conditions are met, or the holder
otherwise establishes an exemption. Neither backup withholding nor information reporting generally will apply to a payment of the proceeds of a disposition of common stock by or through a foreign office of a foreign broker not subject to the
preceding sentence.  

          Backup withholding is not an
additional tax. Rather, the United States income tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained, provided that the
required information is furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.  

Material Canadian Federal Income Tax Consequences for Genesis Microchip Shareholders  

          The following discussion represents the opinion of Stikeman Elliott, Canadian tax counsel to
Genesis Microchip, concerning the material Canadian federal income tax considerations in respect of the conversion generally applicable to a Genesis Microchip shareholder who, for purposes of the 
Income Tax Act
 (Canada), or the Canadian Tax
Act, holds at all relevant times Genesis Microchip common shares and will hold any Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares as capital property and who deals at arms length with and is not affiliated with Genesis Microchip. Genesis Microchip
common shares and Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares will generally constitute capital property to a holder thereof unless the holder holds such shares in the course of carrying on a business of trading or dealing in securities or otherwise as
part of a business of buying and selling securities or has acquired such shares in a transaction or transactions considered to be an adventure in the nature of trade. A Genesis Microchip shareholder that is resident in Canada and whose Genesis
Microchip common shares might not otherwise qualify as capital property may be eligible to make an irrevocable election in accordance with subsection 39(4) of the Canadian Tax Act to have the Genesis Microchip common shares and every Canadian
security (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act) owned by such holder in the taxation year of the election and in all subsequent taxation years deemed to be capital property. This discussion does not apply to certain financial institutions (as
defined in the Canadian Tax Act) that are subject to the mark-to-market rules contained in the Canadian Tax Act. Such holders should consult their own tax advisors. This discussion also does not apply to a holder of Genesis Microchip
common shares with respect to whom Genesis Microchip Delaware will be a foreign affiliate within the meaning of the Canadian Tax Act.  

          This discussion is based upon the current provisions of the Canadian Tax Act and the regulations issued thereunder, and the Genesis Canadian tax
counsels understanding of the current administrative and assessing practices and policies published by the Canada Customs and Revenue Agency, or the CCRA. This discussion also takes into account all proposals to amend the Canadian Tax Act and
the regulations thereunder publicly announced by or on behalf of the Canadian Minister of Finance prior to the date hereof although there is no certainty that such proposals will be enacted in the form proposed, if at all. This discussion is not
exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax consequences and, except as mentioned above, does not take into account any changes in law or administrative and assessing practices, whether by legislative, governmental or judicial decision or
action, nor does it take into account or consider any provincial, territorial or foreign tax consequences, which may differ from the Canadian federal income tax consequences described herein.  

          For the purposes of the Canadian Tax Act, all amounts relating to the acquisition, holding or
disposition of Genesis Microchip Delaware common stock or Genesis Microchip common shares (including dividends, adjusted cost base and proceeds of disposition) must be expressed in Canadian dollars. Amounts denominated in U.S. dollars must be
converted into Canadian dollars based on the prevailing U.S. dollars exchange rate generally at the time such amounts arise.  

Genesis Microchip Shareholders that are Resident in Canada  

          The following portion of the discussion is generally applicable to Genesis Microchip Shareholders who at all relevant times are resident in Canada for purposes of the Canadian Tax
Act.  

The Conversion  

          The conversion will not result in a tax-free rollover to Genesis Microchip shareholders. Accordingly, a Genesis Microchip shareholder
will be regarded as having disposed of his or her Genesis Microchip common shares for proceeds of disposition equal to the fair market value of the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares received for such Genesis Microchip shareholders
Genesis Microchip common shares pursuant to the conversion. A Genesis Microchip shareholder will realize a capital gain (or capital loss) equal to the amount by which the amount of such proceeds of disposition exceeds (or is less than) the total of
the holders adjusted cost base of the Genesis Microchip common shares and any reasonable costs of disposition. The general tax treatment of capital gains and capital losses is discussed below under Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital
Losses.  

Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Shares  

Dividends on Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Shares
.    Dividends received on Genesis Microchip
Delaware common shares will be required to be included in the recipients income for the purposes of the Canadian Tax Act. Such dividends received by a holder of Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares who is an individual will not be subject
to the gross-up and dividend tax credit rules in the Canadian Tax Act. A holder of Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares that is a corporation will include such dividends in computing its income and generally will not be entitled to deduct the
amount of such dividends in computing its taxable income. A holder of Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares that is a Canadian-controlled private corporation may be liable to pay an additional refundable tax of 6

/

% on such dividends. United States non-resident withholding tax on dividends generally will be eligible for foreign tax
credit or deduction treatment where applicable under the Canadian Tax Act.  

Disposition of Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Shares
.    The cost of Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares received on the conversion will be equal
to the fair market value of such Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares at the time of the conversion. Upon the disposition or deemed disposition of Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares, the holder will in general realize a capital gain (or a
capital loss) to the extent the proceeds of disposition of the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares are greater (or less) than the total of the holders adjusted cost base of the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares and any reasonable
costs of disposition. The general tax treatment of capital gains and capital losses is discussed below under Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses.  

Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses  

          Generally, one-half of any capital gain realized by a holder (a taxable capital gain) will be required to be included
in income in the taxation year in which it is realized, and one-half of any capital loss realized by a holder (an allowable capital loss) will be deductible, subject to certain limitations, from taxable capital gains in the year of
disposition. Allowable capital losses in excess of taxable capital gains in a particular year may be deducted against taxable capital gains in any of the three preceding years or any subsequent year, to the extent and under the circumstances
described in the Canadian Tax Act.  

          Taxable capital
gains of a Canadian-controlled private corporation may be subject to an additional refundable tax of 6

/

% on such
taxable gains. Capital gains realized by an individual may give rise to alternative minimum tax under the Canadian Tax Act.  

          If the holder is a corporation, any capital loss realized by the holder on a disposition of shares may in certain circumstances be reduced by the
amount of any dividends, including deemed dividends, which have been received on such shares. Analogous rules may apply where a corporation is a member of a partnership or a beneficiary of a trust that owns a Genesis Microchip common share or where
a trust or partnership of which a corporation is a beneficiary or a member is a member of a partnership or beneficiary of a trust that owns any such share.  

Foreign Property Information Reporting  

          In general, a specified Canadian entity, as defined in the Canadian Tax Act, for a taxation year or fiscal period
whose total cost amount of specified foreign property, as defined in the Canadian Tax Act, at any time in the year or fiscal period exceeds Cdn. $100,000, is required to file an information return for the year or period disclosing
prescribed information, including the cost amount, any dividends received in the year, and any gains or losses realized in the year, in respect of such property. With some exceptions, a holder resident in Canada will be a specified Canadian entity.
Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares will be specified foreign property to a holder. Accordingly, holders should consult their own advisors regarding compliance with these rules.  

Proposed Amendments Relating to Foreign Investment Entities  

          On August 2, 2001, the Canadian Minister of Finance released revised draft legislation
addressing the taxation of investments in non-resident entities, called foreign investment entities. In general, the proposed rules would apply to persons owning shares, or rights to acquire shares, of a foreign investment entity that
are not exempt interests as defined. If Genesis Microchip Delaware is a foreign investment entity, the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares would potentially be subject to the proposed rules unless they constitute exempt interests. Under the
current proposal, the proposed rules will initially take effect for a holders 2002 taxation year. The proposed rules would require an annual determination of whether Genesis Microchip Delaware is a foreign investment entity and, if it is such
an entity, whether the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares satisfy the exempt interest exemption referred to above.  

          For the 2002 taxation year and subsequent taxation years, if Genesis Microchip Delaware is a foreign investment entity at the end of a given taxation year and the Genesis Microchip
Delaware common shares do not constitute an exempt interest, a Genesis Microchip Delaware shareholder would be required to include in (or deduct from) income, on an annual basis, any increase (or decrease) in the value of the Genesis Microchip
Delaware common shares during the year. Dividends received or deemed to be received by the holder of Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares would continue to be taxed in the manner described above under the heading Genesis Microchip Delaware
Common SharesDividends on Genesis Microchip Delaware Common Shares.  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware would not constitute a foreign investment entity at a particular time and, accordingly, these proposed rules would not apply to holders of Genesis
Microchip Delaware common shares if, at the end of the taxation year of Genesis Microchip Delaware, that includes the particular time, the carrying value of Genesis Microchip Delawares investment property is not greater
than one-half of the carrying value of all of its property, or Genesis Microchip Delawares principal business is not an investment business, as contemplated by the new rules.  

          In any event, these rules will not apply to a holder of Genesis Microchip Delaware common
shares as long as the holders Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares constitute an exempt interest. A holders Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares will constitute an exempt interest as long as Genesis Microchip Delaware
is a resident of the United States, Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares are widely-held and actively traded and listed on a prescribed stock exchange (which currently includes the Nasdaq National Market) throughout the period during which
holder holds Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares, unless it is reasonable to conclude that the holder had a tax avoidance motive in acquiring the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares. For these purposes, a holder will be considered to have
a tax avoidance motive in acquiring the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares if one of the main reasons for acquiring the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares includes obtaining a benefit attributable to income derived from investment
property, to profits or gains from the disposition of investment property or to an increase in value of investment property and the deferral or reduction of tax that would have been payable by the holder had such holder realized such income, profits
or gains.  

Dissenting Shareholders  

          A Genesis Microchip shareholder who dissents and who receives the fair value of the Genesis Microchip common shares from Genesis Microchip will be
deemed to have received a dividend to the extent the payment (less the amount of any interest awarded by the court) exceeds the paid-up capital of the Genesis Microchip common shares for purposes of the Canadian Tax Act.  

          Any such dividend received by a Genesis Microchip shareholder who is an
individual will be included in the recipients income for purposes of the Canadian Tax Act and will be subject to the gross-up and dividend tax credit rules normally applicable to dividends received from taxable Canadian corporations. The
amount of dividend (but not the amount of the gross-up) received by an individual may be subject to alternative minimum tax.  

          Subject to the potential
application of subsection 55(2) of the Canadian Tax Act (as discussed below), the amount of any such dividend received by a Genesis Microchip shareholder that is a corporation will be included in the corporations income as a taxable dividend
for purposes of the Canadian Tax Act, but normally will also be deductible in computing its taxable income unless the corporation is a specified financial institution (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act). Dissenting Genesis Microchip
shareholders that are corporations should consult their own tax advisors.  

          A Genesis Microchip shareholder that is a private corporation or a subject corporation (as such terms are defined in the Canadian Tax Act) may be liable
under Part IV of the Canadian Tax Act to pay a refundable tax of 33

/

% of the amount of any such dividend, to the
extent that the amount of the dividend is deductible in computing the corporations income.  

          In certain circumstances, subsection 55(2) of the Canadian Tax Act may treat all or part of the deemed dividend (other than a portion of the dividend subject to Part IV tax that is
not refunded as part of the same series of transactions) received by a corporation as proceeds of disposition of the corporations Genesis Microchip common shares, and not as a taxable dividend. Accordingly, dissenting Genesis Microchip
shareholders that are corporations should consult their own tax advisors for specific advice with respect to the potential application of subsection 55(2) to the amount of the deemed dividend received by such Genesis Microchip shareholders on the
Genesis Microchip common shares.  

          The amount of any
such deemed dividend will reduce the proceeds of disposition for purposes of calculating the Genesis Microchip shareholders capital gain or capital loss on the disposition of Genesis Microchip common shares to which it relates.

          Any interest awarded to a dissenting Genesis
Microchip shareholder by the court will be included in income for purposes of the Canadian Tax Act. A Genesis Microchip shareholder who dissents is urged to consult its tax advisors with respect to the tax considerations relevant to it.

Genesis Microchip Shareholders that are Not Resident in Canada 

          The following portion of the discussion is generally applicable to a holder of Genesis Microchip common shares who, at all relevant times, is not and has not been resident in
Canada for purposes of the Canadian Tax Act and to whom the Genesis Microchip common shares are not taxable Canadian property (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act) (a Non-Resident Genesis Microchip Shareholder). Special rules,
which are not discussed herein, may apply to a non-resident that is an insurer carrying on business in Canada and elsewhere.  

          Generally, Genesis Microchip common shares will not be taxable Canadian property of a Genesis Microchip shareholder at a particular time provided
that such shares are listed on a prescribed stock exchange (which currently includes the Nasdaq National Market), the Genesis Microchip shareholder does not use or hold, and is not deemed to use or hold, such shares in connection with carrying on a
business in Canada and the Genesis Microchip shareholder, alone or together with persons with whom such holder does not deal at arms length, has not owned (or had an interest in or option in respect of) 25% or more of the issued shares of any
class or series in the capital of Genesis Microchip at any time during the sixty month period immediately preceding the particular time.  

Conversion  

          A Non-Resident Genesis Microchip Shareholder will not be subject to tax under the Canadian Tax Act on any capital gain, or entitled to deduct any
capital loss, realized on the disposition of Genesis Microchip common shares pursuant to the conversion.  

          If the Genesis Microchip
common shares constitute taxable Canadian property to a Genesis Microchip shareholder, any gain realized on the conversion will not be subject to tax under the Canadian Tax Act if such gain is exempt from tax pursuant to the provisions of an
applicable tax treaty or convention.  

Dissenting Shareholders  

          A Non-Resident Shareholder who dissents and who receives the fair value of the Genesis common shares from Genesis will be deemed to have received a
dividend to the extent that the payment (less the amount of any interest awarded by the court) exceeds the paid-up capital of the Genesis common shares for purposes of the Canadian Tax Act. Any such deemed dividend will be subject to Canadian
withholding tax at the rate of 25%. Any interest awarded by the court will also be subject to Canadian withholding tax at the rate of 25%. Such rates of withholding may be reduced under the provisions of an applicable tax treaty or convention.

Eligibility for Investment 

          Provided the Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares are listed on a prescribed stock exchange (which includes the Nasdaq National Market), the Genesis Microchip Delaware common
shares will be qualified investments under the Canadian Tax Act for trusts governed by registered retirement savings plans, registered retirement income funds, deferred profit sharing plans (deferred income
plans) and registered education savings plans.  

          The Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares will be foreign property under the Canadian Tax Act. Deferred income plans and certain other persons who are exempt from tax will be
subject to a monthly penalty tax under Part XI of the Canadian Tax Act if, at the end of any month, the cost amount (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act) of foreign property then held by such holder exceeds, generally, 30% of the cost amount to it of
all property then held. For these purposes, the cost of Genesis Microchip Delaware common shares received on the conversion will be equal to the fair market value of such shares at the time of the conversion.  

THE CONVERSION 

COMPARISON OF THE RIGHTS OF A HOLDER UNDER  

THE

COMPANIES ACT
 (NOVA SCOTIA) AND UNDER DELAWARE LAW  

          Genesis Microchip Delaware will be incorporated under the Delaware General Corporation Law and, accordingly, the rights of its stockholders will be governed by Delaware General
Corporation Law and Genesis Microchip Delawares proposed certificate of incorporation and proposed bylaws. Genesis Microchip is incorporated in Nova Scotia under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia), and, accordingly, is governed by the laws
of Nova Scotia and Genesis Microchips Memorandum and Articles of Association. If the conversion is consummated, shares of Genesis Microchip will be exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of Genesis Microchip Delaware and their rights
will be governed by Delaware General Corporation Law and the Genesis Microchip Delaware certificate of incorporation and bylaws, rather than Nova Scotia law and Genesis Microchips Memorandum and Articles of Association.  

          While the rights and privileges of stockholders of a Delaware
corporation are, in many instances, comparable to those of shareholders of a Nova Scotia company, there are certain differences. The following is a summary discussion of the most significant differences in shareholder rights. These differences arise
from differences between (1) the Delaware General Corporation Law and the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) and (2) the Genesis Microchip Delaware certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Genesis Microchip Memorandum and Articles of
Association. This summary is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Delaware General Corporation Law, the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) and the governing corporate instruments of Genesis Microchip
Delaware and Genesis Microchip.  

          Nothing that
follows should be construed as legal advice to any particular shareholder. Shareholders should consult their own legal advisors respecting the implications of the conversion.  

Required Vote for Certain Transactions  

          The 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) requires a special resolution of shareholders to effect the following fundamental changes:



an alteration of the memorandum or articles of the company;  



an increase in the companys authorized capital in certain ways or a subdivision, consolidation or change of the companys shares;  



the purchase of a companys own shares other than redeemable shares;  



a voluntarily wind-up;  



a change of the company name; or  



with court approval, a reduction in the companys paid up capital.  

          Generally, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia)
whenever it has been passed by not less than three-fourths of such shareholders entitled to vote as are present in person or by proxy at any general meeting and such resolution has been confirmed by a majority of such shareholders entitled to vote
as are present in person or by proxy at a subsequent confirmatory meeting held at an interval of not less than fourteen days, and not more than one month, from the date of the first meeting. Alternatively, a resolution which has been unanimously
passed by all of the shareholders of a company is deemed to be a special resolution.  

          Under the 
Companies
Act
 (Nova Scotia) class votes may be required in connection with certain fundamental changes, and under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) class vote rights may arise even where the holders of the class are not treated differently than
others in respect of the matter at issue. Under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) the vote must be by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast by shareholders of the class who vote in respect of that resolution.

          Delaware General Corporation Law requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon to authorize any merger, consolidation, dissolution or sale of substantially all of the assets of a corporation, except that, unless required
by its certificate of incorporation:  



no authorizing stockholder vote is required of a corporation surviving a merger if  



such corporations certificate of incorporation is not amended in any respect by the merger,  



each share of stock of such corporation outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the merger will be an identical outstanding or treasury share of the
surviving corporation after the effective date of the merger, and  



either no shares of common stock of the surviving corporation and no shares, securities or obligations convertible into such stock are to be issued or delivered under
the plan of merger, or the authorized unissued shares or the treasury shares of common stock of the surviving corporation to be issued and delivered in the merger plus those initially issuable upon conversion of any other shares, securities or
obligations to be issued in the merger do not exceed 20% of such corporations outstanding common stock immediately prior to the effective date of the merger and  



in certain limited circumstances, no authorizing stockholder vote is required of a corporation to authorize a merger with or into a single direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of such corporation.  

          Stockholder approval is also not required under Delaware General Corporation Law for mergers or consolidations in which a parent corporation merges or consolidates with a
subsidiary of which it owns at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of stock.  

Cumulative Voting 

          In an
election of directors under cumulative voting, each share of stock normally having one vote is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected. A stockholder may then cast all his votes for a single candidate or may
allocate them among as many candidates as he may choose. Cumulative voting increases the probability that a minority stockholder will be able to elect a director.  

          The 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) does not specifically regulate cumulative voting and Genesis Microchips memorandum
and articles of association do not provide for cumulative voting.  

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, cumulative voting in the election of directors is not mandatory but is permitted. The Genesis Microchip Delaware certificate of
incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting.  

Calling a Special Shareholder Meeting 

          Under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) special general meetings of shareholders must be called by the directors on the request of the shareholders entitled to cast not less
than five percent of the votes at the special meeting, or on the requisition of not less than ten percent of the shareholders. Genesis Microchips memorandum and articles of association also provide that special general meetings of the
shareholders may be called by the President, a vice president or the directors.  

          Under Delaware General
Corporation Law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the board of directors or any other person as may be provided in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation. Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws provide that
a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the chief executive officer, chairman of the board, the president, or the board of directors only. Therefore, when Genesis Microchip shareholders become Genesis Microchip Delaware stockholders
following the conversion, they will lose the right to call a special meeting as described above.  

Amendment of Memorandum of Association or Certificate of Incorporation 

          Under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) amendments to the memorandum of association must generally be approved by special resolution, with certain exceptions concerning
alteration of capital. Some amendments may also require class approval by the holders of outstanding shares of a class or series, whether or not such shares ordinarily carry the right to vote.  

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, a certificate of incorporation of a Delaware
corporation may be amended by approval of the board of directors of the corporation and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for the amendment, unless a higher vote is required by the
corporations certificate of incorporation.  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares certificate of incorporation contains provisions requiring the affirmative vote of 80% in interest of the then outstanding capital stock of
Genesis Microchip Delaware entitled to vote in the election of directors to alter the following:  



the division of the board of directors into three classes;  



the ability of the board of directors (1) to amend the bylaws, (2) to fill vacancies on the board of directors, and (3) to determine the number of directors that serve
on the board of directors;  



the provision regarding advance notice of stockholder proposals;  



the manner in which notice of stockholder meetings is provided;  



the manner in which directors are nominated for election;  



the ability of officers and directors to call a special stockholder meeting;  



the ability of stockholders to act by written consent; and  



the ability of stockholders to amend the certificate of incorporation to alter any provision noted above.  

Amendment of Articles of Association
 or Bylaws  

          Genesis Microchip has no bylaws. Under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia), the articles of association may only be amended by special resolution of the shareholders. Some
amendments also require class approval by the holders of outstanding shares of a class or series, whether or not such shares ordinarily carry the right to vote.  

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders entitled to vote have the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws. In
addition, a corporation may, in its certificate of incorporation, confer such power upon the board of directors. The stockholders always have the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws, even though the board may also be delegated such power.

          Genesis Microchip
Delawares board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, alter, amend and repeal Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws. Genesis Microchip Delawares stockholders may also adopt, amend or repeal Genesis Microchip Delawares
bylaws in accordance with Delaware General Corporation Law and Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws. However, the affirmative vote of 80% in interest of the then outstanding capital stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware entitled to vote in the
election of directors is required to alter any bylaw provision:  



to allow stockholders to act by written consent;  



to allow stockholders to call special stockholder meetings;  



affecting the advance notice of stockholder proposals requirement;  



affecting the manner in which notice of stockholder meetings is provided;  



affecting the manner in which directors are nominated for election;  



affecting the ability of the board of directors (1) to amend the bylaws, (2) to fill vacancies on the board of directors, and (3) to determine the number of directors
that serve on the board of directors; or  



affecting the ability of stockholders to amend the bylaws to alter any of the above.  

Appraisal or Dissenters Rights 

          Under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia), holders of voting shares and holders of non-voting shares have certain dissent rights. The Third Schedule of the 
Companies Act

(Nova Scotia) provides that the holder of shares of any class of a company governed thereunder (including holders of non-voting shares) may dissent and are to be paid the fair market value of their shares, if the company is subject to an order
permitting a shareholder to dissent or if the company resolves to amend its memorandum or articles to add, change or remove any provisions restricting or constraining the issue or transfer of the shares of that class, amend its memorandum or
articles to add, change or remove any restriction upon the business or businesses that the company may carry on, amalgamate with another company, other than any wholly owned subsidiary of the company, be continued under the laws of another
jurisdiction, or sell, lease or exchange all or substantially all its property other than in the ordinary course of business of the company. A holder of shares of any class or series of shares entitled to vote separately as a class or series upon
any such amendment may dissent if the company resolves to amend its memorandum or articles to increase or decrease any maximum number of authorized shares of such class, or increase any maximum number of authorized shares of a class having rights or
privileges equal or superior to the shares of such class, effect an exchange, reclassification or cancellation of all or part of the shares of such class, add, change or remove the rights, privileges, restrictions or conditions attached to the
shares of such class and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, remove or change prejudicially rights to accrued dividends or rights to cumulative dividends, add, remove or change prejudicially redemption rights, reduce or remove a
dividend preference or a liquidation preference, or add, remove or change prejudicially conversion privileges, options, voting, transfer or pre-emptive rights, or rights to acquire securities of the company, or sinking fund provisions, increase the
rights or privileges of any class of shares having rights or privileges equal or superior to the shares of such class, create a new class of shares equal or superior to the shares of such class, make any class of shares having rights or privileges
inferior to the shares of such class equal or superior to the shares of such class, effect an exchange or create a right of exchange of all or part of the shares of another class into the shares of such class or constrain the issue or transfer of
the shares of such class or extend or remove such constraint.  

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, holders of shares of any class or series have the right, in certain circumstances, to dissent from a merger or consolidation by demanding
payment in cash for their shares equal to the fair value (exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or consolidation) of such shares, as determined by a court in an action timely brought by the
corporation or the dissenters. Delaware General Corporation Law grants dissenters appraisal rights only in the case of mergers or consolidations and not in the case of a sale or transfer of assets or a purchase of assets for stock regardless of the
number of shares being issued. Further, no appraisal rights are available for shares of any class or series listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national market system
security on an interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders, unless the agreement of merger or consolidation requires the holders thereof to accept for such
shares anything other than:  



stock of the surviving corporation;  



shares of stock of another corporation which shares of stock are either listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national market system security on
an interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders;  



cash in lieu of fractional shares (in the case of the above); or  



some combination of the above.  

          In addition, such rights are not available for any shares of the surviving corporation if the merger did not require the vote of the stockholders of
the surviving corporation.  

Oppression Remedy 

          The
Third Schedule of the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) provides an oppression remedy that enables a complainant (as defined below) to apply to the court to make any order, both interim and final, to rectify the matters complained of if the court
is satisfied in respect of the company or any of its affiliates that:  



any act or omission of the company or any of its affiliates effects a result;  



the business or affairs of the company or any of its affiliates are or have been carried on or conducted in a manner; or  



the powers of the directors of the corporation or any of its affiliates are or have been exercised in a manner,  

that is oppressive or unfairly prejudicial to, or that unfairly disregards the interests of any security holder, creditor, director or
officer of the company. Furthermore, the court may order the company or its subsidiary to pay to the complainant interim costs, including legal fees and disbursements, but the complainant may be held accountable for such interim costs upon final
disposition of the application or action. A complainant includes:  



a present or former registered holder or beneficial owner of securities of a company or any of its affiliates;  



a present or former officer or director of the company or any of its affiliates;  



the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies; and  



any other person who in the discretion of the court is a proper person to make such application.  

          The oppression remedy does not apply to threatened acts, omissions, conduct of business or
affairs or exercise of powers.  

          Delaware law does
not provide for a similar remedy.  

Derivative Action 

          Under
the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia), a derivative suit may be brought by a complainant. A derivative action may only proceed if the complainant has given reasonable notice to the directors of the company of his, her or its intention to proceed
with a derivative suit if the directors of the company or its subsidiary do not bring, diligently prosecute or defend or discontinue the action, the complainant is acting in good faith and it appears to be in the interests of the company that the
action be brought, prosecuted, defended or discontinued. The court may order the company or its subsidiary to pay to the complainant interim costs, including legal fees and disbursements, but the complainant may be held accountable for such interim
costs upon final disposition of the application or action.  

          Derivative actions may be
brought in Delaware by a stockholder on behalf of, and for the benefit of, a corporation governed by Delaware General Corporation Law. Delaware General Corporation Law provides that the plaintiff in such action must be or have been a stockholder of
the corporation at the time of the transaction of which he or she complains or that his or her stock thereafter devolved upon him or her by operation of law. A stockholder may not sue derivatively unless he or she first makes demand on the
corporation that it bring suit and such demand has been refused, or unless it is shown that such request for the corporation to bring suit would not likely succeed.  

Number of Directors 

          Under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia), every company must have at least one director. The 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) provides no rules respecting the election of
directors and these are provided in Genesis Microchips articles of association. The shareholders of a Nova Scotia company may change the authorized number of directors. Genesis Microchips articles of association specify the number of
directors shall be not less than five nor more than eleven. The number of current directors is six and the shareholders may elect any number permitted by the articles of association.  

          Delaware law permits the board of directors to change the authorized number of directors by
amendment to the bylaws or in the manner provided in the bylaws, unless the number of directors is fixed in the certificate of incorporation, in which case a change in the number of directors may be made only by amendment to the certificate of
incorporation. Genesis Microchip Delawares certificate of incorporation indicates that the number of directors that will constitute the whole board of directors of Genesis Microchip Delaware shall be as specified in Genesis Microchip
Delawares bylaws. Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws currently indicate that the number of directors of the corporation will be established from time to time by the board of directors, or by an amendment to the bylaws, until changed by
amendment. An amendment to this provision of the Genesis Microchip Delaware bylaws requires the affirmative vote of 80% in interest of the then outstanding capital stock of Genesis Microchip Delaware entitled to vote in the election of directors.

Classification of Board of Directors 

          Delaware General Corporation Law permits classified boards and Nova Scotia law does not specifically address the issue. A classified board of directors is a board with some
directors, but not necessarily all, elected on a rotating basis each year. Genesis Microchips articles of association provide that directors will be elected for a term of three years and retire in rotation. Genesis Microchip Delawares
certificate of incorporation provides for a classified board of directors, such that directors are divided into three classes, each elected for a term of three years.

Removal of Directors 

          Under the 
Corporations Miscellaneous Provisions Act
 (Nova Scotia), one or more or all the directors of a company may be removed by special resolution of the shareholders at
a special meeting called for that purpose. Genesis Microchips articles of association provide that the shareholders of Genesis Microchip may, by special resolution or in any manner provided by statute, remove any director before the expiration
of that directors term of office. A director also loses office under the articles of association if the director becomes bankrupt or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is, or is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be, of unsound mind.  

          Under Genesis Microchip
Delawares bylaws, any director may be removed at any time only with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Unless otherwise required by law or Genesis Microchip Delawares certificate of incorporation, a vacancy created by the removal of a director may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office,
even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Furthermore, no reduction of the authorized number of directors would have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of that directors term of office.

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors 

          Genesis Microchips articles of association provide that, subject to the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia), any vacancy among directors whose election is not the exclusive
right of the holders of any class or series of shares may be filled for the remainder of the unexpired term by the shareholders at a special meeting called for the
purpose, or the remaining directors unless there is no quorum or the vacancy results from a failure to elect the number of directors required to be elected at any meeting of shareholders; in
either of which events the directors then in office shall forthwith call a special meeting of shareholders to fill the vacancy, and if they fail to call the meeting or if there are no directors then in office, the meeting may be called by any
shareholder.  

          Under Genesis Microchip
Delawares bylaws, any vacancy arising from the resignation or death of a director may be filled only by a majority vote of the remaining members of the board of directors, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Each
director elected in this manner shall hold office until his or her successor is elected at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders at which the class to which the directorship belongs is to be elected or at a special meeting called for
that purpose.  

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 

          The 
Companies Act 
(Nova Scotia) does not contain any specific provisions for shareholder nominations or proposals. However, the
 Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) does
provide a mechanism for shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders of Genesis Microchip as described above under Calling a Special Shareholder Meeting.  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws allow stockholders to nominate candidates for election
to Genesis Microchip Delawares board of directors or propose other business at any annual or any special stockholder meeting. To be properly brought before an annual or special meeting, nominations for the election of directors or other
business proposals must be:  



specified in the notice of meeting, or any supplemental material, given by or at the direction of the board of directors;  



otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors; or  



otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice for the meeting and on the record
date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting.  

          However, nominations and proposals may only be made by a stockholder who has given timely written notice to the secretary of Genesis Microchip Delaware before the annual or special
stockholder meeting.  

          Under Genesis Microchip
Delawares bylaws, to be timely, notice of stockholder nominations or proposals to be made at a stockholder meeting must be received by the secretary of Genesis Microchip Delaware no less than ninety days prior to the anniversary date of the
immediately preceding annual meeting. If, however, the annual meeting is called for a date not within thirty days before or after such anniversary date, or in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing
directors, the stockholder will be considered timely if the proposal is received by close of business on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of meeting was mailed or public disclosure was made, whichever occurs first.

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws provide
that a stockholder proposal must set forth the following information:  



a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting;



the name and record address of the stockholder proposing such business;  



the class and number of shares of the corporation that are beneficially owned by the stockholder; and  



any material interest of the stockholder in such business.  

          Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws also provide that the proposal must set forth a representation that the stockholder is a
holder of record entitled to vote at the meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy to introduce the business specified on the notice.  

Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

          Under the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia), a resolution in writing and signed by every shareholder who would be entitled to vote on the resolution at a meeting is as valid as if
it were passed by the shareholders at a meeting and satisfies all the requirements of the 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) concerning meetings of shareholders. 

          Under Delaware General Corporation Law, unless otherwise provided in the corporations certificate of incorporation, any
action required to be taken or which may be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice if a consent in writing is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the
minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote were present and voted. Genesis Microchip Delawares bylaws state that stockholders may not take action by written
consent in lieu of a meeting.  

          Because Genesis
Microchip Delawares bylaws do not allow stockholders to take action by written consent, it would be more difficult for Genesis Microchip Delawares stockholders to effect corporate actions than is the case for Genesis Microchip
shareholders.  

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

          The 
Companies Act
 (Nova Scotia) does not restrict a company from indemnifying directors and provides that in any proceeding against a director for negligence or breach of
trust in which it appears to the court hearing the case that the director or person is or may be liable in respect of the negligence or breach of trust, but has acted honestly and reasonably and ought fairly to be excused for the negligence or
breach of trust, the court may relieve the director, either wholly or partly, from the directors liability on such terms as the court may think proper.  

          Genesis Microchips articles of association provide that the directors of the company are authorized from time to time to
cause the company to give indemnities to any director or other person who has undertaken or is about to undertake any liability on behalf of the company and to secure such director or other person against loss by mortgage and charge upon the whole
or any part of the real and personal property of the company by way of security. Any such action from time to time taken by the directors shall not require approval or confirmation by the shareholders.  

          Genesis Microchips articles of association also provide that no director or officer,
former director or officer, or person who acts or acted at the companys request, as a director or officer of the company, in the absence of any dishonesty on such persons part, shall be liable for the acts, receipts, neglects or defaults
of any other director, officer or such person, or for joining in any receipt or other act for conformity, or for any loss, damage or expense happening to the company through the insufficiency or deficiency of title to any property acquired for or on
behalf of the company, or through the insufficiency or deficiency of any security in or upon which any of the funds of the company are invested, or for any loss or damage arising from the bankruptcy, insolvency or tortious acts of any person with
whom any funds, securities or effects are deposited, or for any loss occasioned by error of judgment or oversight on the part of such person, or for any other loss, damage or misfortune whatsoever which happens in the execution of the duties of such
person or in relation thereto.  

          Delaware General
Corporation Law permits a corporation to include a provision in its certificate of incorporation eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director or officer to the corporation or its stockholders for damages for a breach of the
directors fiduciary duty, subject to certain limitations. The certificate of incorporation of Genesis Microchip Delaware includes such a provision to the maximum extent permitted by law. Under Delaware General Corporation Law, however, a
companys indemnification of its directors may not eliminate or limit director monetary liability for:  



breaches of the directors duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders;  



acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct or knowing violations or law;  



the payment of unlawful dividends or unlawf