URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1102541/000091205701537118/0000912057-01-537118.txt

 DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				582511877
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1375 PEACHTREE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4048150770

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1375 PEACHTREE STREET
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WWW HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000104

SC TO-T

a2062042zscto-t.htm

SC TO-T

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE TO

(Rule 14d-100)  

TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(d)(1) OR 13(e)(1) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

CIDCO INCORPORATED

(Name of Subject Company (Issuer)) 

EARTHLINK ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF EARTHLINK, INC.  

 and  

EARTHLINK, INC.

(OFFERORS)

(Names of Filing Persons (Identifying Status as Offeror, Issuer Or Other Person)) 

COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE PER SHARE

(Title of Class of Securities) 

(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

Samuel R. DeSimone, Jr.

EarthLink, Inc.

1375 Peachtree Street, 7 North

Atlanta, GA 30309

(404) 815-0770

(Name, Address and Telephone Numbers of Person Authorized

to Receive Notices and Communications on Behalf of Filing Persons) 

With
Copies To: 

W. Tinley Anderson III, Esq.

Hunton & Williams

600 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 4100

Atlanta, GA 30308-2216

Telephone (404) 888-4000  

 CALCULATION OF FILING FEE  

Transaction Valuation: *

Amount of Filing Fee:

$5,051,914.92

$1,010.39

*
For
purposes of calculating the filing fee only. This amount is based on a per share offering price of $0.36 for 14,033,097 shares of common stock. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated October 17, 2001, by and among Cidco Incorporated (the "Company"), EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. (the "Offeror") and EarthLink, Inc. (the "Parent"), the Company
represented to the Offeror and Parent that, as of such date, it had 14,033,097 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with
Rule 0-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, equals 

/

 of one percent of the aggregate of the cash offered by the Offeror and Parent. 
/
/ Check
box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11 (a) (2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was previously
paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. 

Amount Previously Paid: None

Filing Party: Not applicable

Form or Registration No.: Not applicable

Date Filed: Not applicable

/
/ Check
the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer. 

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the statement relates: 

/x/
third-party
offer subject to Rule 14d-1

/
/  issuer
tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

/
/  going-private
transactions subject to Rule 13e-3.

/
/  amendment
to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2 

Check
the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results of the tender offer: / / 

SCHEDULE TO    

    This Tender Offer Statement on Tender Offer Schedule TO (this 
"Schedule TO"
) is filed by EarthLink Acquisition
Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
"Offeror"
) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(
"Parent"
). This Schedule TO relates to the offer by Offeror to purchase all outstanding shares of Common Stock, $.01 par value per share (the
"Shares"), of Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the 
"Company"
) at a purchase price of $0.36 per Share, net to the seller in cash and without
interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated October 31, 2001 (the 
"Offer to Purchase"
) and
in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the 
"Offer"
). The information
set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal is incorporated herein by reference with respect to Items 1-9 and 11 of this Schedule TO. The Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated October 17, 2001, among Offeror, Parent and the Company is incorporated herein by reference with respect to Items 5 and 11 of this Schedule TO. 

ITEM 1. SUMMARY TERM SHEET    

    The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Summary Term Sheet", is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 2. SUBJECT COMPANY INFORMATION    

    (a) The
name of the Company is Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation. The address of the Company's principal executive offices is 220 Cochrane Circle, Morgan Hill,
CA 95037. Its telephone number is (408) 779-1162. 

    (b) The
class of equity securities to which this Schedule TO relates is Common Stock, $.01 par value per share of the Company. The information set forth in the Offer to
Purchase under "Introduction" is incorporated herein by reference. 

    (c) The
information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under Section 6, "Price Range of Shares; Dividends on Shares" is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 3. IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF FILING PERSONS    

    (a), (b)
and (c)(1, 2, 5) The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Introduction," Section 9, "Certain Information Concerning Offeror and
Parent," and Annex I is incorporated herein by reference. 

    (c) (3)
To the best knowledge of Offeror and Parent, no person listed in Annex I of the Offer to Purchase has, during the past five years, been convicted in a criminal
proceeding (excluding traffic violations and similar misdemeanors). 

    (c) (4)
To the best knowledge of Offeror and Parent, no person listed in Annex I of the Offer to Purchase has, during the past five years, been a party to any judicial
or administrative proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of,
or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws. 

ITEM 4. TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION    

    (a)(1)(i-viii, xii) and (a)(2)(i-iv, vii)  The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Introduction,"
Section 2, "Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares," Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares," Section 4, "Withdrawal Rights," Section 5, "Certain Federal Income
Tax Considerations," Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the Company," Section 13, "The Transactions Documents," Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Offeror's
Obligations," and Section 16, "Certain Regulatory and Legal Matters," is incorporated herein by reference. 

    (a)(1)(ix)  Not
applicable. 

    (a)(1)(x)  Not
applicable. 

    (a)(1)(xi)  Not applicable. 

    (a)(2)(v)  Not
applicable. 

    (a)(2)(vi)  Not
applicable. 

ITEM 5. PAST CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS, NEGOTIATIONS AND AGREEMENTS    

    (a)(1, 2)  No transactions, other than those described in paragraph (b) below, have occurred during the last two years between the filing
persons and the Company or any of its affiliates that are not natural persons, or any executive officer director or affiliate of the Company that is a natural person where the aggregate value of the
transaction or series of transactions with that person exceeds $60,000. 

    (b) The
information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Introduction," Section 11, "Background of Offer," Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The
Merger; Plans for the Company" and Section 13, "The Transactions Documents," is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 6. PURPOSES OF THE TRANSACTION AND PLANS OR PROPOSALS    

    (a) The
information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Introduction", Section 11, "Background of Offer" and Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The
Merger; Plans for the Company" is incorporated herein by reference. 

    (c) The
information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Introduction", Section 11, "Background of Offer," Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The
Merger; Plans for the Company," Section 13, "The Transaction Documents," Section 14, "Dividends and Distributions," and Section 7 "Effect of Offer on Market for Shares; Nasdaq
Listing; SEC Registration; Margin Regulations," is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 7. SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS OR OTHER CONSIDERATION    

    (a), (b), (d)  The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under Section 10, "Source and Amount of Funds," is incorporated herein
by reference. 

ITEM 8. INTEREST IN SECURITIES OF THE SUBJECT COMPANY    

    (a), (b)  The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Introduction", Section 9, "Certain Information Concerning Offeror and
Parent", Section 11, "Background of Offer", Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the Company" and Section 13, "The Transaction Documents," is incorporated
herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. PERSONS/ASSETS, RETAINED, EMPLOYED, COMPENSATED OR USED    

    (a) The
information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Introduction" and Section 17, "Fees and Expenses" is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 10. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

    (a), (b)  The Purchaser and Parent do not believe that any of the financial statements of either of them or of any of their affiliates are
material to a decision by shareholders of the Company whether to sell, tender or hold Shares because the consideration offered consists solely of cash, the offer is not subject to any financing
condition, Parent is a public reporting company under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that files reports electronically on EDGAR, and the offer is for
all outstanding securities of the subject class. 

ITEM 11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION    

    (a)(1-4)  The
information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Introduction", Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the Company",
Section 13, "The Transaction Documents," Section 7, "Effect of Offer on Market for Shares, Nasdaq Listing; SEC Registration," and Section 16, "Certain Regulatory and Legal
Matters," is incorporated herein by reference. 

    (a)(5)  Not applicable. 

    (b)  The
information set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. EXHIBITS    

    99(a)(1)(A)  Offer to Purchase, dated October 31, 2001. 

    99(a)(1)(B)  Letter
of Transmittal. 

    99(a)(1)(C)  Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery. 

    99(a)(1)(D)  Form
of letter to clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Nominees. 

    99(a)(1)(E)  Form
of letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Nominees. 

    99(a)(1)(F)  Guidelines
for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9. 

    99(a)(1)(G)  Press
release issued by Parent on October 17, 2001 (incorporated herein by reference to EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule TO-C dated
October 18, 2001). 

    99(a)(1)(H)  Press
release issued by the Company on October 17, 2001 (incorporated herein by reference to Cidco Incorporated's Schedule 14D-9C
dated October 18, 2001). 

    99(a)(1)(I)  Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (incorporated herein by reference to the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement
on Schedule 14D-9 filed by Cidco Incorporated on October 31, 2001). 

    99(a)(1)(J)  Summary
Advertisement. 

    99(b)  Not
applicable. 

    99(d)(1)  Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated October 17, 2001, by and among EarthLink, Inc., EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Cidco Incorporated (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 2 of EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001). 

    99(d)(2)  First
Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 29, 2001, by and among EarthLink, Inc., EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Cidco
Incorporated. 

    99(d)(3)  Stock
Option Agreement, dated October 17, 2001 by and among the Company and Offeror's Parent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(c)
of EarthLink Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001.) 

    99(d)(4)  Form
of Agreement to Vote and Tender (Individual), dated October 17, 2001 by and between EarthLink, Inc. and certain of Cidco Incorporated's
stockholders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a) of EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001). 

    99(d)(5)  Form
of Agreement to Vote and Tender (Entity), dated October 17, 2001 by and between EarthLink, Inc. and certain of Cidco Incorporated's stockholders
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) of EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001). 

    99(d)(6)  Advance
Agreement, dated October 17, 2001 by and between EarthLink, Inc. and Cidco Incorporated. 

    99(d)(7)  Mutual
Non-Disclosure and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated September 6, 2001 by and between Cidco Incorporated and EarthLink,
Inc. 

    99(d)(8)  Joint
Filing Agreement, dated October 29, 2001, by and among EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc., EarthLink, Inc. and certain stockholders of Cidco
Incorporated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001). 

    99(g)  Not
applicable. 

    99(h)  Not
applicable. 

ITEM 13. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE 13E    

    Not applicable. 

SIGNATURE    

    After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct. 

EARTHLINK, INC.

/s/ 
SAMUEL R. DESIMONE, JR.

 (Signature)

Samuel R. DeSimone, Jr., Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary
 (Name and Title)

October 31, 2001
 (Date)

EARTHLINK ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

/s/ 
SAMUEL R. DESIMONE, JR.

 (Signature)

Samuel R. DeSimone, Jr., Secretary
 (Name and Title)

October 31, 2001
 (Date)

[Schedule TO] 

EXHIBIT INDEX    

Exhibit No.

Description

99(a)(1)(A)

Offer to Purchase, dated October 31, 2001.

99(a)(1)(B)

Letter of Transmittal.

99(a)(1)(C)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

99(a)(1)(D)

Form of letter to clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Nominees.

99(a)(1)(E)

Form of letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Nominees.

99(a)(1)(F)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

99(a)(1)(G)

Press release issued by Parent on October 17, 2001 (incorporated herein by reference to EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule TO-C dated October 18, 2001).

99(a)(1)(H)

Press release issued by the Company on October 17, 2001 (incorporated herein by reference to Cidco Incorporated's Schedule 14D-9C dated October 18, 2001).

99(a)(1)(I)

Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (incorporated herein by reference to the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed by Cidco Incorporated on October 31,
2001).

99(a)(1)(J)

Summary Advertisement.

99(b)

Not applicable.

99(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 17, 2001, by and among EarthLink, Inc., EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Cidco Incorporated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 of EarthLink, Inc.'s
Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001).

99(d)(2)

First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 29, 2001, by and among EarthLink, Inc., EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Cidco Incorporated.

99(d)(3)

Stock Option Agreement, dated October 17, 2001 by and among the Company and Offeror's Parent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(c) of EarthLink Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29,
2001.)

99(d)(4)

Form of Agreement to Vote and Tender (Individual), dated October 17, 2001 by and between EarthLink, Inc. and certain of Cidco Incorporated's stockholders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a) of
EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001).

99(d)(5)

Form of Agreement to Vote and Tender (Entity), dated October 17, 2001 by and between EarthLink, Inc. and certain of Cidco Incorporated's stockholders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) of
EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001).

99(d)(6)

Advance Agreement, dated October 17, 2001 by and between EarthLink, Inc. and Cidco Incorporated.

99(d)(7)

Mutual Non-Disclosure and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated September 6, 2001 by and between Cidco Incorporated and EarthLink, Inc.

99(d)(8)

Joint Filing Agreement, dated October 29, 2001, by and among EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc., EarthLink, Inc. and certain stockholders of Cidco Incorporated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of
EarthLink, Inc.'s Schedule 13D dated October 29, 2001).

99(g)

Not applicable.

99(h)

Not applicable.

QuickLinks

SCHEDULE TO

ITEM 1. SUMMARY TERM SHEET

ITEM 2. SUBJECT COMPANY INFORMATION

ITEM 3. IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF FILING PERSONS

ITEM 4. TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION

ITEM 5. PAST CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS, NEGOTIATIONS AND AGREEMENTS

ITEM 6. PURPOSES OF THE TRANSACTION AND PLANS OR PROPOSALS

ITEM 7. SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS OR OTHER CONSIDERATION

ITEM 8. INTEREST IN SECURITIES OF THE SUBJECT COMPANY

ITEM 9. PERSONS/ASSETS, RETAINED, EMPLOYED, COMPENSATED OR USED

ITEM 10. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ITEM 11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

ITEM 12. EXHIBITS

ITEM 13. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE 13E

SIGNATURE

EXHIBIT INDEX

EX-99.(A)(1)(A)

a2062042zex-99_a1a.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(A)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Offer to Purchase for Cash  

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of

CIDCO INCORPORATED

at

$0.36 Net Per Share

by

EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.

A Wholly Owned Subsidiary of

EarthLink, Inc.  

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,

NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON NOVEMBER 29, 2001 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE")

UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

    THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER THAT NUMBER
OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE PER SHARE (THE 
"COMMON STOCK")
 OF CIDCO INCORPORATED (
"CIDCO"

OR THE 
"COMPANY"
), WHICH REPRESENTS GREATER THAN FIFTY PERCENT OF THE SHARES OUTSTANDING AT THE TIME OF THE EXPIRATION DATE (THE 

"MINIMUM CONDITION"
). THE
OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO CERTAIN OTHER CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE. SEE INTRODUCTION AND SECTIONS 1 AND 15
HEREOF. 

    THIS
OFFER IS MADE IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED OCTOBER 17, 2001, AS AMENDED ON OCTOBER 29, 2001 (THE 
"MERGER
AGREEMENT"
), AMONG EARTHLINK ACQUISITION SUB, INC., EARTHLINK, INC. AND THE
COMPANY. FOLLOWING THE OFFER AND MERGER, CIDCO INCORPORATED WILL BE A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF EARTHLINK, INC. 

THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE OFFER, THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER OF EARTHLINK ACQUISITION SUB, INC. WITH AND
INTO THE COMPANY, HAS DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR, ADVISABLE TO AND IN THE BEST INTEREST OF THE COMPANY AND THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS AND RECOMMENDS ACCEPTANCE OF
THE OFFER AND APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT BY THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS.

    

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

INTRODUCTION

1.

Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date.

2.

Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares.

3.

Procedures for Tendering Shares.

4.

Withdrawal Rights.

5.

Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences.

6.

Price Range of Shares; Dividends on Shares.

7.

Effect of Offer on Market for Shares; Nasdaq Listing; SEC Registration; Margin Regulations.

8.

Certain Information Concerning the Company.

9.

Certain Information Concerning Offeror and Parent.

10.

Source and Amount of Funds.

11.

Background of the Offer

12.

Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the Company.

13.

The Transaction Documents.

14.

Dividends and Distributions.

15.

Certain Conditions to Offeror's Obligations.

16.

Certain Regulatory and Legal Matters.

17.

Fees and Expenses.

18.

Miscellaneous.

ANNEX I  Business and Background Information

I-1

ANNEX II Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (Delaware Rights of Appraisal)

II-1

IMPORTANT    

    Any Cidco stockholder desiring to tender all or any portion of their shares of Common Stock should either (i) complete and sign the accompanying Letter
of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal and mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal together with the certificate(s)
representing the tendered shares, and all other required documents, to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the 
"Depositary")
 using the
enclosed self-addressed, postage paid envelope, or follow the procedure for book-entry transfers set forth in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares," or
(ii) request such stockholder's broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the transaction for the stockholder. Stockholders having shares registered in the name
of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee must contact such person if they desire to tender their shares. 

    Any
Cidco stockholder who desires to tender Cidco shares and whose certificates representing such shares are not immediately available or who cannot comply with the procedure for
book-entry transfers on a timely basis or who cannot deliver all required documents to the Depositary, in each case prior to the expiration of the Offer, must tender such shares pursuant
to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares." 

    Questions
and requests for assistance may be directed to MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (the 
"Information Agent"
), at its address and
telephone number set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and other related
materials may be obtained from the Information Agent or from brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies. 

October 31,

SUMMARY TERM SHEET    

    EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. is offering to purchase all of the outstanding Common Stock for $0.36 per share in cash. The following are some of the
questions you, as a stockholder of Cidco, may have, and answers to those questions. We urge you to read carefully the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal because the
information in this summary term sheet is not complete. Additional important information is contained in the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal. 

Who is offering to buy my Cidco stock?  

    Our name is EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. We are a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of making a tender offer for all of the Common Stock.
We are a wholly owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc. (the 
"Parent"
 or "
EarthLink
"), a Delaware
corporation. EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. is a newly formed corporation and has not conducted any business other than in connection with the offer and the merger agreement described below.
The Parent is a leading Internet service provider, providing reliable nationwide Internet access and related value added services to its individual and business customers. See the "Introduction" to
this Offer to Purchase and Section 9, "Certain Information Concerning Offeror and Parent." 

What are the classes and amounts of Cidco securities sought in the offer?  

    We are seeking to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of Cidco. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 1,
"Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date." 

How much are you offering to pay? What is the form of payment? Will I have to pay any fees or commissions?

    We
are offering to pay $0.36 per share, net to you, in cash. If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender your shares to us in the offer, you will not have to pay
brokerage fees or similar expenses. If you own your shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your shares on your behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing
so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase. 

How will the offer affect my options to purchase Cidco stock?  

    If you have vested options to purchase Common Stock, pursuant to the terms of this Offer to Purchase, you may exercise these vested options and tender the
Common Stock you receive. If you do not exercise your options then, if the offer is closed and EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. merges with and into Cidco, your options will be terminated and
cancelled in full and will not be replaced, repurchased or subject to any compensation whatsoever. We understand that each outstanding option has a per
share exercise price that is greater than $0.36 per share, which is the price we are offering to pay for each share of Common Stock. In view of the fact that you would spend more to exercise your
shares than you would receive in the Offer, you should carefully consider whether it is advisable to exercise your Cidco options. See Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe
Merger AgreementStock Options and Warrants." 

Do you have the financial resources to make payment?  

    All of the funds that we will need to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and pay related fees and expenses will be provided or cause to be
provided on a timely basis from a capital contribution to us from EarthLink, Inc., our Parent. See Section 10, "Source and Amount of Funds." 

Is your financial condition relevant to my decision to tender in the offer?  

    We do not believe that our financial condition is relevant to your decision to tender in the offer because the form of payment that you will receive consists
solely of cash and our offer is not conditioned on our ability to obtain financing. If you tender into the offer and receive payment in full for your shares, you will have no continuing equity
interest in Cidco. Additionally, we were formed solely for the purpose of acquiring shares of Common Stock and there is no relevant historical financial information available with respect to us.
Furthermore, the Parent is a public reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that files reports electronically on EDGAR and maintains a significant cash or cash equivalent position
relative to the amount of the aggregate value of the offer consideration for all Shares. See Section 9, "Certain Information Concerning Offeror and Parent," and Section 10, "Source and
Amount of Funds." 

    Tendering
your shares in the offer will, if enough shares are tendered and the offer is completed, end your ownership interest in Cidco, including the chance to receive any possible
future dividends or other payments in respect of the Common Stock. Therefore, the financial condition of Cidco may be relevant to your decision whether to tender your shares of Cidco in the offer. 

How long do I have to decide whether to tender in the offer?  

    Unless the offer is extended, you will have until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on November 29, 2001, to tender your shares of Common Stock in the
offer. Furthermore, if you cannot deliver everything that is required in order to make a valid tender by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed delivery procedure, which is described later in
this Offer to Purchase. See Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" and Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares." 

Can the offer be extended and under what circumstances?  

    Subject to the terms of the merger agreement and the requirements of applicable law, we can extend the offer at our discretion for up to an aggregate of three
(3) additional ten (10) business day periods. See Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date." 

Will there be a subsequent offering period?  

    We do not currently intend to include a subsequent offering period for the offer, although we may ultimately decide to do so. A subsequent offering period, if
one is included, will be an additional period of time beginning after we have purchased shares tendered during the offer, during which stockholders may tender their shares and receive the offer
consideration. See Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration DateSubsequent Offering Period." 

How will I be notified if the offer is extended or if there is a subsequent offering period?  

    If we extend the offer or provide for a subsequent offering period, we will inform American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Depositary for the
offer) and MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (Information Agent for the offer) of that fact and will make a public announcement of the extension not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on
the next business day after the day on which the offer was scheduled to expire. See Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date." 

What are the most significant conditions to the offer?  

    We are not obligated to purchase any shares that are validly tendered unless, among other things, the number of shares validly tendered and not properly
withdrawn before the expiration of the offer represents greater than 50% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the time of the expiration of the offer. We call this the 

"Minimum Condition."

The offer is subject to other conditions, as well. See the "Introduction," Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date"
and Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Offeror's Obligations." 

How do I tender my shares?  

    To tender shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your shares, together with a completed Letter of Transmittal and any other documents required
by the Letter of Transmittal to Depositary not later than the time the offer expires. If your shares are held in "street name," the shares can be tendered by your nominee through The Depository Trust
Company. If you are unable to deliver any required document or instrument to the Depositary by the expiration of the tender offer, you may gain some extra time by having a broker, a bank or other
fiduciary that is an eligible institution guarantee that the missing items will be received by the Depositary within three Nasdaq trading days from the date of execution of the Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery. For the tender to be valid, however, the Depositary must receive the missing items within that three trading day period. See Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares." 

Until what time may I withdraw previously tendered shares?  

    You may withdraw shares at any time until the offer has expired and, if we have not accepted your shares for payment by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
November 29, 2001, you may withdraw them at any time after that date until we accept shares for payment. This right to withdraw will not apply to the subsequent offering period, if one is
included. See Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date," and Section 4, "Withdrawal Rights." 

How do I withdraw previously tendered shares?  

    To withdraw shares, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal, or a facsimile of one, with the required information to the Depositary while you still
have the right to withdraw the shares. See Section 4, "Withdrawal Rights." 

What does the Cidco board of directors think of the offer?  

    We are making the offer pursuant to the merger agreement among us, Parent and Cidco. The Cidco board of directors unanimously approved the offer, the merger
and the merger agreement. The Cidco board of directors has determined that the terms of the offer and the merger are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of, the Cidco stockholders and
recommends that Cidco's stockholders accept the offer and approve the merger and the merger agreement. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase. 

What agreements have been made with Cidco's directors, executive officers and stockholders?  

    When we entered into the merger agreement with Cidco, we also entered into separate agreements with each of Cidco's directors and executive officers and an
affiliate of a director in which these persons agreed, among other things, to (i) tender all of their shares of Common Stock in the offer to Offeror, and (ii) vote all of their shares of
Common Stock in the manner directed by the Parent with respect to all matters related to the acquisition of Cidco by the Offeror. Those who have agreed to vote their shares in such a manner are Robert
Lee, Paul G. Locklin, William A. Sole, Marv Tseu, Richard D. Kent, J&R Investment Management, Ernest K. Jacquet, and John Floisand. Mr. Jacquet subsequently resigned from the
board of directors. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsVoting Agreements." 

If the offer and merger are completed, will Cidco continue as a public company?  

    No. Following the purchase of shares in the offer we expect to consummate the merger. If the merger takes place, Cidco will no longer be publicly held or
traded and will be privately owned. Even if the merger does not take place, if we purchase all of the tendered shares, there may be so few remaining stockholders and publicly held shares that the
Common Stock may no longer be eligible to be traded on Nasdaq or any other securities exchange, there may not be a public trading market for the Common Stock, and Cidco may cease making filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules relating to publicly held companies. See Section 7,
"Effect of Offer on Market for Shares; Nasdaq Listing; SEC Registration; Margin Regulations." 

Will the tender offer be followed by a merger if all Cidco shares are not tendered in the offer?  

    The offer is the first step in our plan to acquire all of the Common Stock and for Cidco to then become a private company. If we accept for payment and pay for
90% of the Cidco outstanding shares, we expect to be merged with and into Cidco. In this case, the merger will not require Cidco stockholder approval. If, however, the number of Cidco shares validly
tendered represents greater than 50% of all outstanding Cidco shares but less than 90% of all outstanding Cidco shares, we will purchase all of the validly tendered shares and will still attempt to
merge with and into Cidco. In such a case, a vote of a majority of Cidco stockholders will be required to effect the merger and a longer period of time will be required to effect the merger. If less
than a majority of the outstanding shares of Cidco stock are validly tendered, we will terminate the offer and not accept the shares for payment. If the merger takes place, EarthLink will directly own
all Cidco shares. Except for those shares held by stockholders properly exercising dissenters' rights, all remaining shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger will be converted into and represent 

the right to receive $0.36 per share in cash. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; the Merger; Plans for the Company." 

If I decide not to tender, how will the offer affect my shares?  

    If the merger described above takes place, stockholders (other than those properly exercising dissenters' rights) not tendering in the offer will receive the
same amount of cash per share that they would have received had they tendered their shares in the offer. Therefore, if the merger takes place and you do not perfect your dissenters' rights, the only
difference to you between tendering your shares and not tendering your shares is that you will be paid earlier if you tender your shares. If the merger does not take place, however, the number of
stockholders and the number of Cidco shares that are still in the hands of the public may be so small that there may no longer be an active public trading market (or, possibly, there may not be any
public trading market) for the Common Stock. Also, as described above, Cidco may cease making filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply with the
Securities and Exchange Commission's rules relating to publicly held companies. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 7, "Effect of Offer on Market for Shares; Nasdaq
Listing; SEC Registration; Margin Regulations." 

    There
are no dissenter's rights in connection with the offer. However, if the merger takes place, stockholders who have not sold their shares in the offer will have dissenter's rights
(i.e., appraisal rights) under Delaware law. See Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the Company." 

What is the market value of my shares as of a recent date?  

    On October 17, 2001, the last full trading day before we announced the signing of the merger agreement, the last sale price of Common Stock reported on
Nasdaq was $0.31 per share. On October 30, 2001, the last trading day before we commenced the tender offer, the closing price of the Common Stock reported on Nasdaq was $0.34. We encourage you
to obtain a recent quotation for shares of Common Stock in deciding whether to tender your shares. See Section 6, "Price Range of Shares; Dividends on Shares." 

What are certain United States federal income tax consequences of tendering shares?  

    The receipt of cash for shares pursuant to the tender offer or the merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes. In
general, a stockholder who sells shares pursuant to the tender offer or receives cash in exchange for shares pursuant to the merger will recognize gain or
loss for United States federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received and the stockholder's adjusted tax basis in the shares sold pursuant to the
tender offer or exchanged for cash pursuant to the merger. If the shares tendered or exchanged are capital assets in the hands of the stockholder, such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss. In
general, capital gains recognized by an individual will be subject to a maximum United States federal income tax rate of 20% if the shares were held for more than one year, and will be subject to
ordinary income tax rates if the shares were held for one year or less as of the date of sale or exchange. See Section 5, "Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences." 

To whom may I speak if I have questions about the tender offer?  

    You may call MacKenzie Partners, Inc. at 1-800-322-2885. See the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. 

To
the Holders of Common Stock of

Cidco Incorporated: 

INTRODUCTION    

    EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
"Offeror"
) and a wholly owned subsidiary of
EarthLink, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
"Parent"
), hereby offers to purchase (the 
"Offer"
)
all of the outstanding shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share (the 
"Common Stock"
) of Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the 

"Company"
),
at a purchase price of $0.36 per Share (as defined below), net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon (such amount, or any greater
amount per Share paid pursuant to the Offer shall be referred to as the 
"Offer Consideration"
) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal and any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto. See Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares." Each share of Common Stock
shall be referred to individually as a 
"Share"
 and collectively as the 
"Shares
.
"  

    The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 17, 2001, among the Parent, the Offeror and the Company, as
amended by such parties pursuant to the First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 29, 2001 (the 
"Merger Agreement"
).
See Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger Agreement" for information concerning the Merger Agreement. The Offeror is a corporation newly formed by the Parent to
consummate the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. For information concerning the Offeror and the Parent, see Section 9, "Certain Information Concerning
Offeror and Parent." 

    Tendering
stockholders who are record owners of their Shares and who tender directly to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the 

"Depositary"
) will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
commissions or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, stock
transfer taxes with respect to the purchase of Shares by the Offeror pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their Shares through a broker or bank should consult such institution as to whether it
charges any service fees. The Offeror will pay all fees and expenses of the Depositary and MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (the 
"Information Agent"
) for
their respective services in connection with the Offer and the Merger (as hereinafter defined). See Section 17, "Fees and Expenses." 

The Board of Directors of the Company unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby including the Offer and the Merger,
has determined that the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to, advisable, and in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders, and recommends
acceptance of the Offer and approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, by the stockholders of the Company.

The Company has received the written opinion of TM Capital Corp., the Company's financial advisor, dated October 17, 2001, in a form and substance
satisfactory to the Company, that the $0.36 per Share in cash to be received by stockholders of Shares pursuant to the Offer is fair to Cidco's stockholders from a financial point of view. A copy of
that opinion is set forth in full as Annex B to the Company's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule 14D-9") which is being mailed
to the Company's stockholders, and stockholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety.

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered and not withdrawn immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer that number
of Shares which would represent greater than fifty percent (50%) of the Shares that are outstanding at the time of the Expiration Date (as hereinafter defined) (the "Minimum Condition"). The Offer is
also subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Offeror's Obligations."

    The Company has represented to the Parent and the Offeror that, as of October 17, 2001, there were 14,033,097 Shares issued and outstanding, no preferred shares outstanding,
and options to purchase 2,347,394 Shares outstanding. All of these options have an exercise price of above $0.36 per Share and therefore none of those options are expected to be exercised. Under the
Cidco Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 
"ESPP"
), up to 157,299 Shares are reserved and scheduled for purchase immediately prior to the close of the
Offer. Under the Merger Agreement, Company has represented that it will cause the purchase period currently in progress under the ESPP to be shortened to a date which is prior to the acceptance for
payment by Parent of Shares pursuant to the Offer and that the ESPP shall be terminated prior to the effectiveness of the Merger (the 
"Effective Time"
).
Based on the foregoing and assuming no options are exercised, the Offeror believes that approximately 7,095,199 Shares must be validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer
in order for the Minimum Condition to be satisfied. See Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date." 

    The
Merger Agreement provides, among other things, for the making of the Offer by the Offeror. At such time thereafter as the conditions of the Merger Agreement are satisfied, and as
set forth in the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Delaware law, the merger of the Offeror with and into the Company (the 
"Merger"
), will occur
with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation (the 
"Surviving Corporation"
). The Merger Agreement is more fully described in
Section 13, "The Transaction Documents; The Merger Agreement." The Merger is subject to a number of conditions. See Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the Company"
and Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger Agreement." In the Merger, (i) each issued and outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Company and Parent and
other than Shares subject to dissenter's rights and applicable escheat and similar law) will be converted into the right to receive the Offer
Consideration from the Offeror, (ii) each issued and outstanding share of common stock of the Offeror will be converted into one share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, and
(iii) the Surviving Corporation will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent. The closing of the Merger will take place at such time and date to be specified by the parties (the 

"Closing Date"
) which shall be no later than the third business day after satisfaction or waiver of the Offer Conditions, unless another time or date is
agreed to by the parties. As soon as practicable on the Closing Date, the parties shall file a Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with
Delaware law. 

    If
prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) less than a majority of the issued and outstanding Shares at the time of the Expiration Date have been tendered and not withdrawn,
the Offeror shall have no obligation to accept any tendered Shares for purchase. If, however, the number of Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn at the Expiration Date represents greater than 50%
and less than 90% of all outstanding Shares at the time of the Expiration Date, the Parent and the Company shall, subject to Article VI of the Merger Agreement, take all such actions as may be
necessary or advisable to effectuate the Merger. In such a case, a vote of a majority of the Company's stockholders is required to effect the Merger under the Delaware General Corporate Law, as
amended (the 
"DGCL"
) and a longer period of time will be required to effect the Merger. If the number of Shares validly tendered and not
withdrawn at the Expiration Date represents at least 90% of all outstanding Shares at the time of the Expiration Date, the Offeror will be able to approve and effect the Merger without a vote of the
Company's stockholders pursuant to Section 253 of the DGCL. See Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the Company." 

    On
October 17, 2001, the Parent entered into Agreements to Vote and Tender (each a 
"Voting Agreement")
 with each of Cidco's
directors and executive officers and an affiliate of a director, whose names are as follows: Robert Lee, Paul G. Locklin, William A. Sole, Marv Tseu, Richard D. Kent, J&R Investment Management, Ernest
K. Jacquet (who resigned subsequently as a director) and John Floisand (the 
"Company Stockholders"
). Subject to the conditions set forth in the Voting
Agreements, each Company Stockholder has, among other things, (i) agreed to tender all of such Company 

Stockholder's Shares to Offeror in the Offer, (ii) vote such Company Stockholder's Shares in the manner directed by Parent with respect to any and all matters related to the acquisition of the
Company by Parent, and against any other mergers, recapitalizations, business combinations, sales of assets, liquidations or similar transactions involving the Company or any other matters that would
be inconsistent with the Merger, and (iii) granted a proxy to Parent with regard to such Company Stockholder's Shares. The aforementioned obligations in the Voting Agreements apply to each
Company Stockholder's Shares owned as of October 17, 2001 or thereafter acquired prior to any termination of the Voting Agreement. (A copy of the form of the Voting Agreements is filed by the
Offeror with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC"
) as an exhibit to its Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (together with any exhibits,
annexes, amendments or supplements thereto, the 
"Schedule TO"
)). As of October 17, 2001, the Company Stockholders beneficially owned
approximately 12% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock. 

    Except
as otherwise set forth herein, the information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase and in the attached annexes, has been furnished by the Company or has
been taken from or based upon publicly available documents and records on file with the SEC and other public sources. Neither the Parent nor the Offeror assumes any responsibility for (i) the
accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Company furnished by the Company or contained in such documents and records, or (ii) for any failure by the Company to disclose events
that may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information, but which are unknown to the Offeror. Similarly, the Company does not assume any responsibility for
(i) the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Parent or the Offeror or any of their respective affiliates contained in this Offer to Purchase or the Schedule TO, or
(ii) for any failure by the Parent or the Offeror or any of their respective affiliates to disclose events that may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such
information, but which are unknown to the Company. 

This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain important information which you should read carefully before you make any decision with
respect to the Offer. This Offer to Purchase involves risks and uncertainties, including the risks associated with satisfying the various conditions to the Offer. Additional risks and uncertainties
related to the Company are detailed in the Company's periodic filings with the SEC. See Section 8, "Certain Information Concerning the CompanyAvailable
Information."

1.  Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date.  

    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of
any extension or amendment), the Offeror will accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not theretofore properly withdrawn in accordance with
Section 4, "Withdrawal Rights." The term 
"Expiration Date"
 means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on November 29, 2001, unless the
Offeror shall have extended the period of time for which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by the
Offeror (other than any extension with respect to a Subsequent Offering Period, described below), shall expire. 

    Satisfaction of Offer Conditions.
  The Offer is conditioned upon satisfaction of the Minimum Condition. The Offer is
also subject to other terms and conditions. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Offeror's Obligations." As described in the Introduction to this Offer to Purchase, the Offeror believes the
minimum number of Shares that must be tendered is approximately 7,095,199 (assuming no options are exercised). If the Minimum Condition or any of the other conditions to the Offer (collectively, the 

"Offer
Conditions"
) have not been satisfied by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on November 29, 2001 (or any other time then set as the
Expiration Date), the Offeror may elect (i) subject to the qualifications described above with respect to the extension of the Offer, to extend 

the Offer and, subject to applicable withdrawal rights, retain all tendered Shares until the expiration of the Offer, as extended, subject to the terms of the Offer, (ii) subject to complying
with applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and to the terms of the Merger Agreement (including, if necessary, obtaining the prior written consent of the Company), to waive all unsatisfied Offer
Conditions and accept for payment all Shares so tendered and not extend the Offer, (iii) subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, amend the Offer, or (iv) subject to the terms of
the Merger Agreement, to terminate the Offer and not accept for payment any Shares and return all tendered Shares to tendering stockholders. 

    Extension of Offer.
  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the then-scheduled Expiration Date, and subject to
applicable law and so long as the Merger Agreement is in effect and the Offer Conditions have not been satisfied or waived, the Offer may, at Parent's sole discretion, be extended for up to three
periods of an additional ten (10) business days each (
"Offer Period Extensions"
). If the period during which the Offer is open is extended, the
Offeror shall give oral or written notice of such extension to the Information Agent and the Depositary and make a public announcement of such extension. There can be no assurance that the Offer will
be extended. 

    Subsequent Offering Period.
  Rule 14d-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 

"Exchange Act"
),
permits the Offeror, subject to certain conditions, to provide a subsequent offering period following the expiration of the Offer on
the Expiration Date (a 
"Subsequent Offering Period"
). We do not currently intend to include a Subsequent Offering Period for the Offer, although we may
ultimately decide to do so. A Subsequent Offering Period is an additional period of time from three (3) business days to twenty (20) business days in length, beginning after the Offeror
purchases Shares tendered in the Offer, during which stockholders may tender, but not withdraw, their Shares and receive the Offer Consideration. During a Subsequent Offering Period, the Offeror will
promptly purchase and pay for all Shares tendered at the same price paid in the Offer. Pursuant to Rule 14d-7 under the Exchange Act, no withdrawal rights will apply to Shares
tendered in a Subsequent Offering Period and, further, no withdrawal rights apply with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. 

    Modification of Offer; Waiver of Offer Conditions.
  In the Merger Agreement, the Offeror and the Parent have expressly
reserved the right to waive, in whole or in part, any condition of the Offer from time to time in their sole discretion, except as otherwise provided in the Merger Agreement. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, the parties to the Merger Agreement may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties thereto, (b) waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of any party contained therein or in any document delivered pursuant thereto or (c) waive compliance by any other party with any of the
agreements or conditions contained in the Merger Agreement provided; however, that after the Company's stockholders approve the Merger, there may not be, without further approval of such stockholders,
any extension or waiver of the Merger Agreement or any portion thereof, which reduces the amount or changes the form of the consideration to be delivered to the holders of Shares hereunder other than
as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the party or parties to be bound thereby. 

    Delay or Termination of Offer.
  Subject to the terms of the Offer and the Merger Agreement and the satisfaction of all
the Offer Conditions as of any then-scheduled Expiration Date, the Offeror shall
accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn as soon as practicable after it is permitted to do so under applicable law. Other than as required by the Merger Agreement,
and subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, the Offeror expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to (a) delay acceptance for payment of any Shares (or delay
payment for any shares, regardless of whether such Shares were theretofore accepted for payment pending the receipt of required governmental consents), or (b) subject to the limitations set
forth in the Merger Agreement, 

to terminate the Offer and not to accept for payment or pay for any Shares not already accepted for payment or paid for, upon the failure of any of the Offer Conditions, by giving oral or written
notice of such delay or termination to the Depositary. The Offeror's right to delay payment for any Shares or not to pay for any Shares already accepted for payment or paid for is subject to the
provisions of the Merger Agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act. See Section 2, "Acceptance for Payment
and Payment for Shares." 

    Public Announcements.
  Any extension of the period during which the Offer is open, or delay in acceptance for payment or
payment, or termination or amendment of the Offer, or waiver of an Offer Condition, will be followed, as promptly as practicable, by public announcement thereof, such announcement in the case of an
extension to be issued not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date in accordance with the public announcement
requirements of Rules 14d-4(c) and 14d-4(d) under the Exchange Act. 

    Material Changes.
  If the Offeror makes a material change in the terms of the Offer, or the information concerning the
Offer, or if it waives a material condition of the Offer, the Offeror will disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the Offer if and to the extent required by
Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act or otherwise. The minimum period during which the Offer must remain open following material changes
in the terms of the Offer or information concerning the Offer, other than a change in price, in the percentage of securities sought or in a dealer's soliciting fee, will depend upon the facts and
circumstances, including the relative materiality of the terms or information changes. With respect to a change in price, in the percentage of securities sought or in a dealer's soliciting fee, a
minimum ten (10) business day period is generally required to allow for adequate dissemination to stockholders and investor response. 

    Disseminations to Stockholders.
  In connection with the Offer, the Company is required to promptly furnish Parent with
mailing labels, security position listings and all available listings or computer files containing the names and addresses of the record holders of Shares as of the latest practicable date and shall
furnish Parent with such information and assistance (including updated lists of stockholders, mailing labels and lists of security positions) as Parent or its agents may reasonably request in
communicating the Offer to the record and beneficial holders of Shares. The Company agreed to distribute the applicable Offer documents (at the same time that such are distributed to Cidco's
stockholders) to holders of its options who are not also stockholders. 

    Business Day.
  For purposes of the Offer, a 
"business day"
 means any day
other than a Saturday, Sunday or a federal holiday, and consists of the time period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 midnight, New York City time. 

2.  Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares.  

    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or
amendment), and the satisfaction or earlier waiver of all of the Offer Conditions, the Offeror will purchase, by accepting for payment and paying for, all Shares validly tendered prior to the
Expiration Date (and not properly withdrawn after the Expiration Date). See Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Offeror's Obligations." Any determination concerning the satisfaction or waiver of
such terms and conditions will be within the reasonable discretion of Offeror, and such determination will be final and binding on all tendering stockholders. As discussed below, subject to compliance
with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, the Offeror expressly reserves the right to delay payment for Shares in order to comply in whole or in part with any applicable law. 

    For
purposes of the Offer, the Offeror will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn as of and when the
Offeror gives oral 

or written notice to the Depositary of the Offeror's acceptance of such Shares for payment. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares purchased pursuant to the
Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price with the Depositary, which will act as agent for tendering stockholders for the purpose of receiving payment from the Offeror and transmitting such
payment to tendering stockholders whose Shares have been accepted for payment. Upon the deposit of funds with the Depositary for the purpose of making payments to tendering stockholders, the Offeror's
obligation to make such payment will be satisfied and tendering stockholders must thereafter look solely to the Depositary for payments of amounts owed to them by reason of the acceptance for payment
of Shares pursuant to the Offer. In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates
evidencing such Shares or timely confirmation (a 
"Book-Entry Confirmation"
) of a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the
Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company (
"DTC"
), pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering
Shares," (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or manually signed facsimile thereof) with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a
book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined below), and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

    The
term 
"Agent's Message"
 means a message transmitted by DTC to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a
Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that DTC has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in DTC tendering Shares that such participant has received and
agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that the Offeror may enforce such agreement against the participant. 

    If,
for any reason whatsoever (including the extension of the Offer), acceptance for payment of, or payment for, any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer is delayed, or the Offeror
is unable to accept for payment, or pay for, Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, then, without prejudice to the Offeror's rights under the Offer, the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of the
Offeror, retain tendered Shares, and such Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent that the tendering stockholders are entitled to withdrawal rights as described in Section 4,
"Withdrawal Rights." However, the ability of the Offeror to delay the payment for Shares that the Offeror has accepted for payment is limited by (i) Rule 14e-1(c) under the
Exchange Act, which requires that a bidder pay the consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or on behalf of stockholders promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such
bidder's offer without affecting the Offeror's right to pay for Shares tendered during any Subsequent Offering Period in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act, and
(ii) the terms of the Merger Agreement. Subject to compliance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act, the Offeror expressly reserves the right to delay payment for Shares in
order to comply in whole or in part with any applicable law. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Offeror's Obligations." 
Under no circumstances will interest be paid
on the purchase price of Shares to be paid by the Offeror, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment.

    If
any tendered Shares are not accepted for payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Offer because of an invalid tender or for any other reason, or if certificates are
submitted evidencing more Shares than are tendered, certificates for such unpurchased or untendered Shares will be returned, without expense to the tendering stockholder (or, in the case of Shares
delivered by book-entry transfer, to DTC pursuant to the provisions of Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares," such Shares will be credited to an account maintained within
DTC), as promptly as practicable after the expiration, termination or withdrawal of the Offer. 

    If,
prior to the Expiration Date, the Offeror increases the consideration offered to stockholders pursuant to the Offer, such increased consideration will be paid to all stockholders
whose Shares are purchased pursuant to the Offer. 

3.  Procedures for Tendering Shares.  

    Valid Tenders.
  For Shares to be validly tendered pursuant to the Offer, a properly completed and duly executed Letter
of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature
guarantees and any other required documents, or an Agent's Message in the case of a book-entry delivery, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back
cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date. In addition, either (i) certificates representing such Shares must be received by the Depositary along with the Letter of
Transmittal or such Shares must be tendered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfers set forth below (and a Book-Entry Confirmation received by the Depositary), in
each case prior to the Expiration Date, or (ii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth below. No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders
will be accepted. 

The method of delivery of certificates representing Shares, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through DTC, is at
the election and sole risk of the tendering stockholder, and Shares will be deemed delivered only when actually received by the Depositary. If delivery is by mail, registered mail with return receipt
requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

    Book-Entry Transfer.
  The Depositary will make a request to establish an account with respect to Shares at
DTC for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant in DTC's system may make a book-entry
delivery of Shares by causing DTC to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's account at DTC in accordance with DTC's procedures for transfer. However, although delivery of Shares may be effected
through book-entry at DTC, either (i) the Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature
guarantees and any other required documents, or an Agent's Message in the case of a book-entry transfer, must, in any case, be transmitted to and received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date or (ii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedure described
below. 
Delivery of documents to DTC does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

    Signature Guarantee.
  All signatures on a Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial institution (including
most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee
Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each, an 
"Eligible Institution"
), unless Shares tendered thereby are tendered (i) by the
registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this document, shall include any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name appears on a security position listing as the
owner of shares of Common Stock) of shares of Common Stock who has not completed the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on the Letter of
Transmittal or (ii) for the account of an Eligible Institution. See Instruction 1 to the Letter of Transmittal. 

    If
a certificate is registered in the name of a person other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made or a certificate not accepted for payment or not
tendered is to be returned to a person other than the registered holder(s), then the certificate must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the
name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on the certificate, with the signature(s) on such certificate or stock powers guaranteed as described above. 

    Guaranteed Delivery.
  If a stockholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer and such stockholder's
certificates for Shares are not immediately available, or time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, or the procedure for book-entry 

transfers cannot be completed on a timely basis, such Shares may nevertheless be tendered if such tender complies with all of the following guaranteed delivery procedures: 

(i)
the
tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

(ii)
a
properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by the Offeror herewith, is received by
the Depositary, as provided below, prior to the Expiration Date; and

(iii)
the
certificates representing all tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer (or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to all
tendered Shares), together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a
book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message), and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, are received by the Depositary within three Nasdaq National Market
(
"Nasdaq"
) trading days after the date of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. If certificates are forwarded separately to the Depositary, a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) must accompany each such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 

    The
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must include a signature guarantee by an
Eligible Institution in the form set forth in the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 

    Notwithstanding
any other provision hereof, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of
(i) certificates for Shares (or a Book-Entry Confirmation), (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) with
any required signature guarantees (or an Agent's Message in connection with a book-entry transfer of Shares), and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.
Accordingly, tendering stockholders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry Confirmations are actually received by the Depositary. In all
cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery. 
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of Shares to be paid by the
Offeror.

    Backup Federal Income Tax Withholding and Substitute Form W-9.
  Under the "backup withholding"
provisions of federal income tax law, the Depositary may be required to withhold 30.5% of the amount of any payments of cash made pursuant to the Offer. In order to avoid backup withholding, each
stockholder surrendering Shares in the Offer must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such stockholder's correct taxpayer identification number
(
"TIN"
) on a substitute form W-9 and certify, under penalties of perjury, that such TIN is correct and that such stockholder is not
subject to backup withholding. If a stockholder does not provide its correct TIN or fails to provide the certifications described above, the Internal Revenue Service
(
"IRS"
) may impose a penalty on such stockholder, and payment of cash to such stockholder pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup withholding of
30.5%. All stockholders surrendering Shares pursuant to the Offer should complete and sign the substitute Form W-9 included in the Letter of Transmittal to provide the information
and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding (unless an applicable exemption exists and is proved in a manner satisfactory to the Depositary). Certain stockholders (including, among others,
all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding. Noncorporate foreign stockholders should complete and sign either a Form W-8,
Certificate of Foreign Status, a Form W-88EN, a Form W-8ECI, a Form W-8EXP or a Form W-8IMY (a copy of which may be obtained
from the Depositary) in order to avoid backup withholding. See Instruction 8 of the Letter of Transmittal for a discussion of certain United States federal income tax considerations. 

    Determinations of Validity.
  All questions as to the form of documents and the validity, eligibility (including time of
receipt) and acceptance for payment of any tender of Shares will be determined by the Offeror, in its sole discretion, and its determination will be final and binding on all parties. The Offeror
reserves the absolute right to reject any or all tenders of any Shares (i) that are determined by it not to be in proper form or (ii) the acceptance for payment of or payment for which
may, in the opinion of the Offeror or its counsel, be unlawful. The Offeror also reserves the absolute right, in its sole discretion, to waive any of the Offer Conditions (other than as prohibited by
the Merger Agreement, as described in Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date") or any defect or irregularity in the tender of any Shares, whether or not similar defects or
irregularities are waived in the case of other Shares. No tender of Shares will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects and irregularities have been cured or waived to the satisfaction
of the Offeror. None of the Offeror, the Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or
incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. The Offeror's interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the Instructions thereto)
will be final and binding on all parties. 

    Appointment.
  By executing the Letter of Transmittal as set forth above, a tendering stockholder will irrevocably
appoint designees of the Offeror as the attorneys-in-fact and proxies of such stockholder in the manner set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, each with full power of
substitution, to the full extent of such stockholder's rights with respect to Shares tendered by such stockholder and accepted for payment by the Offeror (and any and all other Shares or other
securities or rights issued or issuable in respect of such Shares on or after the date that the Offer is commenced or the date on which the Letter of Transmittal is executed), including, without
limitation, the right to vote such Shares in the manner as such designees or their substitutes shall, in their sole discretion, deem proper. All such
powers of attorney and proxies shall be considered coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares. Such appointment will be effective when, and only to the extent that, the Offeror accepts Shares for
payment. Upon the acceptance for payment, all prior powers of attorney and proxies given by the stockholder with respect to Shares will be revoked, without further action, and no subsequent powers of
attorney and proxies may be given (and, if given, will be deemed ineffective). The designees of the Offeror will, with respect to Shares for which such appointment is effective, be empowered to
exercise all voting and other rights of such stockholder as they in their sole judgment deem proper. The Offeror reserves the right to require that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered,
immediately upon the acceptance for payment of such Shares, the Offeror or its designees must be able to exercise full voting rights with respect to such Shares, including voting at any meeting of
stockholders then or thereafter scheduled. 

    The
tender of Shares pursuant to any one of the procedures described above will constitute the tendering stockholder's acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Offer as well as
the tendering stockholder's representation and warranty that (a) such stockholder has a net long position in Shares being tendered within the meaning of Rule 14e-4 under the
Exchange Act and (b) the tender of such Shares complies with Rule 14e-4. It is a violation of Rule 14e-4 for a person, directly or indirectly, to tender
Shares for such person's own account unless, at the time of tender, the person so tendering (i) has a net long position equal to or greater than the amount of (x) Shares tendered or
(y) other securities immediately convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Shares tendered and such person will acquire such Shares for tender by conversion, exchange or exercise and
(ii) will cause such Shares to be delivered in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Rule 14e-4 provides a similar restriction applicable to the tender or guarantee of a
tender on behalf of another person. The Offeror's acceptance for payment of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering stockholder and the Offeror
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

4.  Withdrawal Rights.  

    Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedure set forth below at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless
theretofore accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn, pursuant to Section 14(d)(5) of the Exchange Act, at any time after December 29, 2001, or such later time
as may apply if the Offer is extended. 

    For
a withdrawal to be effective, a written or facsimile notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this
Offer to Purchase. Any notice of withdrawal must specify the name, address and social security number or taxpayer identification number of the person who tendered Shares to be withdrawn, the number of
Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of such Shares, if different from that of the person who tendered Shares. If certificates for Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or
otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on
such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such Shares have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, the signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfers set forth in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares," such Shares may only
be withdrawn by means of the withdrawal procedures made available by DTC and any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at DTC to be credited with the withdrawn
Shares and must otherwise comply with DTC's procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly tendered for any
purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered again following one of the procedures described in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares," at any time prior to the
Expiration Date or during the Subsequent Offering Period, if any. 

    Pursuant
to Rule 14d-7 under the Exchange Act, no withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered into a Subsequent Offering Period and no withdrawal rights apply
during the Subsequent Offering Period with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. 

    If
the Offeror extends the Offer, or if purchase of or payment for Shares is delayed for any reason, or if the Offeror is unable to purchase or pay for Shares for any reason, then,
without prejudice to the Offeror's rights under the Offer, tendered Shares may be retained by the Depositary on behalf of the Offeror and may not be withdrawn except to the extent that tendering
stockholders are entitled to withdrawal rights as set forth in this Section 4, subject to Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which provides that no person who makes a
tender offer shall fail to pay the consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or on behalf of security holders promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer, and subject
to the Offeror's obligations under the Merger Agreement. See Section 2, "Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares." 

    All
questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Offeror, in its sole discretion, and its determination will be
final and binding on all parties. None of the Offeror, the Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or
irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. 

5.  Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences.  

    The following is a summary of certain United States federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to holders whose Shares are purchased pursuant
to the Offer or whose Shares are converted into the right to receive cash in the Merger. The summary is based on the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 

"Code"
), applicable
current and proposed United States Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, judicial authority and administrative rulings and
practice, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, at any time and, therefore, 

the following statements and conclusions could be altered or modified. The discussion does not address holders of Shares in whose hands Shares are not capital assets, nor does it address holders who
received Shares as part of a hedging, "straddle," conversion or other integrated transaction, upon conversion of securities or exercise of warrants or other rights to acquire Shares or pursuant to the
exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation, or to holders of Shares who are in special tax situations (such as insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial
institutions, United States expatriates or non-U.S. persons). Furthermore, the discussion does not address the tax treatment of holders who exercise appraisal rights in the Merger, nor
does it address any aspect of foreign, state or local taxation or estate and gift taxation. 

    The
federal income tax consequences set forth below are included for general informational purposes only and are based upon current law. The following summary does not purport to
consider all aspects of United States federal income taxation that might be relevant to stockholders of the Company. Because individual circumstances may differ, each holder of Shares should consult
such holder's own tax advisor to determine the applicability of the rules discussed below to such stockholder and the particular tax effects of the Offer and the Merger, including the application and
effect of state, local and other tax laws. 

    The
receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for federal income tax purposes. In general, for federal income tax purposes, a holder
of Shares will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the holder's adjusted tax basis in Shares sold pursuant to the Offer or converted to cash in the Merger and the amount of cash
received therefor. Gain or loss must be determined separately for each block of Shares (
i.e.
, Shares acquired at the same cost in a single transaction)
sold pursuant to the Offer or converted to cash in the Merger. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if, on the date of sale (or, if
applicable, the date of the Merger), Shares were held for more than one year. In the case of an individual, net long-term capital gain generally is subject to tax at a maximum rate of 20%
and net capital losses may be subject to limits on deductibility. 

    A
holder that tenders Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger may be subject to "backup withholding" at a 30.5% rate. Backup withholding generally applies if the stockholder
(a) fails to furnish its social security number or other TIN (b) furnishes an incorrect TIN, or (c) fails to certify, under penalties of perjury, that such TIN is correct and that
such holder is not subject to backup withholding; or unless an exemption applies. See Section 3 "Procedures for Tendering SharesBackup Federal Income Tax Withholding and Substitute
Form 9" and Instruction 8 in the Letter of Transmittal. 

6.  Price Range of Shares; Dividends on Shares.  

    According to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, as amended (the 

"Company 10-K"
), the Shares trade on
Nasdaq under the symbol "CDCO." 

    According
to the Company's public filings, the Company has not paid regular cash dividends in the last two fiscal years and intends to retain earnings for the growth and expansion of
its business and not to declare or pay any cash dividends. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed that, without the prior written consent of the Parent, it will not authorize,
declare or pay any dividend or any other distribution of any type with respect to its outstanding shares. 

    The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices per Share on Nasdaq for each quarter during the past two years, as reported in published financial sources. 

High

Low

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001:

First Quarter (ended March 31, 2001)

$

2.34

$

0.81

Second Quarter (ended June 30, 2001)

1.20

0.33

Third Quarter (ended September 30, 2001)

0.58

0.21

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000:

First Quarter (ended March 31, 2000)

8.00

4.00

Second Quarter (ended June 30, 2000)

5.88

2.75

Third Quarter (ended September 31, 2000)

4.63

2.69

Fourth Quarter (ended December 31, 2000)

3.38

1.16

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999:

Fourth Quarter (ended December 31, 1999)

14.25

3.88

    The
closing sale price per Share on Nasdaq on October 17, 2001, the last full day of trading prior to the public announcement of the Offeror's intention to make the Offer, was
$0.31. The closing sale price per Share on Nasdaq on October 30, 2001, the last full day of trading prior to the commencement of the Offer, was $0.34. Stockholders are urged to obtain current
market quotations for Shares and to review all information received by them from the Company, including the materials referred to in Section 8, "Certain Information Concerning the Company." 

7.  Effect of Offer on Market for Shares; Nasdaq Listing; SEC Registration; Margin Regulations.  

    Market for the Shares.
  The purchase of the Shares by the Offeror pursuant to the Offer will reduce the number of Shares
that might otherwise trade publicly and may reduce the number of holders of the Shares, which could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares, if any, held by
stockholders other than the Offeror. The Parent and the Offeror cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or beneficial
affect on the market price for, or marketability of, the Shares or whether it would cause future market prices to be greater or lesser than the Offer Consideration. 

    Nasdaq Listing; SEC Registration.
  The Shares are authorized for quotation on Nasdaq. According to the published
guidelines of Nasdaq for continued listing, the Shares may no longer be eligible for quotation on Nasdaq if, among other things, either (i) the number of the Shares publicly held were less than
750,000, there were fewer than 400 stockholders of round lots, the market value of publicly held Shares was less than $5 million, stockholders' equity was less than $10 million, the
minimum bid price per share was less than $1, there were fewer than two registered and active market makers, and either (x) the stockholders' equity was less than $2.5 million,
(y) the market capitalization was less than $35 million, or (z) the net income was less than $500,000 (excluding extraordinary or non-recurring items) in the most
recently completed fiscal year or in two of the last three most recently completed fiscal years; or (ii) the number of Shares publicly held were less than 1.1 million, there were fewer
than 400 stockholders of round lots, the market value of publicly held Shares was less than $15 million, the minimum bid price per share was less than $3, there were fewer than four registered
and active market makers, and either (x) the Company's market capitalization was less than $50 million, or (y) the total assets and total revenue of the Company for the most
recently completed fiscal year or two of the last three most recently completed fiscal years were less than $50 million. The Shares held directly or indirectly by directors or officers of the
Company or beneficial owners of more than 10% of all Shares are not considered as being publicly held. In a press release dated September 27, 2001, the Nasdaq 

announced that it was implementing an across the board moratorium on the minimum bid and public float requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq until January 2, 2002. 

    If
the Shares were to cease to be quoted on Nasdaq, the market for the Shares could be adversely affected. It is possible that the Shares would then be traded or quoted on other
securities exchanges (with trades published by such exchanges), such as the OTC Bulletin Board service. The extent of the public market for the Shares and the availability of such quotations would,
however, depend upon the number of stockholders and the aggregate market value of the Shares remaining at such time, the
interest in maintaining a market in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of registration of Shares under the Exchange Act and other factors. 

    The
Common Stock is currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated upon application by the Company to the SEC if the Common Stock is held of record
by less than 300 persons. If such registration were terminated, the Company would no longer be legally required to disclose publicly in proxy materials distributed to stockholders the information
which it now must provide under the Exchange Act or to make public disclosure of financial and other information in annual, quarterly and other reports required to be filed with the SEC under the
Exchange Act; the officers, directors and 10% stockholders of the Company would no longer be subject to the "short-swing" insider trading reporting and profit recovery provisions of
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the proxy statement requirements of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act in connection with stockholders' meetings or the requirements of
Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to "going private transactions;" and the Common Stock would no longer be eligible for Nasdaq reporting. Furthermore, if such
registration was terminated, persons holding "restricted securities" of the Company could be deprived of their ability to dispose of such securities under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"
). 

    Although
not required by the Merger Agreement, the Offeror intends to cause the Company to seek delisting of the Common Stock from Nasdaq following the Effective Time and to cause the
Company to apply for termination of registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act as soon after the completion of the Offer as the requirements for such delisting and termination are met. 

    Margin Regulations.
  The Shares currently qualify as "margin securities" as defined by the regulations of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the 
"Federal Reserve Board"
), at 12 C.F.R.  220.2, which status has the effect, among other
things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on collateral of Shares. Depending on factors similar to those above regarding listing and market quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, the
Shares would no longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the margin regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for loans made by
brokers. If registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Shares would no longer be "margin securities." 

8.  Certain Information Concerning the Company.  

    Except as specifically set forth herein, the information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase has been taken from or is based upon
publicly available documents and records on file with the SEC and other public sources. Neither the Parent nor the Offeror has any knowledge that would indicate that any statements contained herein
based on such documents and records are untrue. However, neither the Parent nor the Offeror assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Company,
whether furnished by the Company or contained in such documents and records, or for any failure by the Company to disclose events which may have occurred or which may affect the significance or
accuracy of any such information but which are unknown to the Parent and the Offeror. 

    The
Company is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive offices located at 220 Cochrane Circle, Morgan Hill, California 95037, telephone number
(408) 779-1162. According to the 

Company 10-K, the Company is a leader in the delivery of affordable and intuitive personal Internet communications products and services for a mass audience, enabling end users to
communicate simply and easily over the Internet. The Company offers Internet based e-mail and content through devices specifically designed for easy, simple to use Internet access. 

    Certain Company Projections.
  The Company does not, as a matter of course, make public any forecasts as to its future
financial performance. However, in connection with the Parent's review of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Company provided the Parent and Offeror with certain projected
financial information concerning the Company. Such information included, among other things, the Company's projections of net revenue, net income, cumulative net subscriber base and gross activations
for the Company for the years 2001 through 2004, including both a base case (which was an updated version of the Company's business plan published in its Form 8-K on
February 13, 2001 to permit the Company to explore financing alternatives with third parties) and a case where the Company had received sufficient funding so that the Company had no significant
restrictions on working capital from the second half of 2001 forward. Set forth below is a summary of such projections. These projections were prepared by the Company's management to reflect the
anticipated operation of the Company on a stand-alone basis and do not give effect to the Offer, the Merger or any changes that may result due to the future operation of the Company as a subsidiary of
Parent following completion of the Merger, nor should such projections be considered in evaluating the future performance of Parent and the Company on a consolidated basis. These projections should be
read together with the financial statements of the Company that can be obtained from the SEC as described below. 

Base Case  

FY 2001

FY 2002

FY 2003

FY 2004

Gross Activations

139.9

186.0

223.2

267.8

Cumulative Net Subscriber Base

171.5

283.8

394.1

509.9

Net Revenue

$

25,053.5

$

58,064.6

$

69,888.1

$

91,199.8

Net Income before Taxes

$

(23,192.3

)

$

2,454.6

$

10,371.3

$

19,277.6

Funded Case  

FY 2001

FY 2002

FY 2003

FY 2004

Gross Activations

217.0

307.0

374.0

449.0

Cumulative Net Subscriber Base

237.3

435.9

635.5

839.1

Net Revenue

$

38,192.0

$

84,880.0

$

132,029.4

$

179,107.3

Net Income before Taxes

$

(29,950.8

)

$

418.5

$

24,902.2

$

47,070.1

    The
Company has advised Parent and the Offeror that these projections were not prepared with a view to public disclosure or in compliance with published guidelines of the SEC or the
guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding projections or forecasts. However, this information was provided to Parent and the Offeror under a
confidentiality agreement in connection with Parent's evaluation of a business combination transaction. These summary projections have been included in this Offer to Purchase solely because they were
made available to Parent, the Offeror and their advisors in connection with their consideration of the Offer and are presented for the limited purpose of giving the Company's stockholders access to
the financial projections made available to Parent and the Offeror. The projections do not purport to present operations in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the Company's
independent auditors have not examined or compiled the projections presented herein and accordingly assume no responsibility for them. The Company has advised Parent and the Offeror that the
projections provided to Parent and the Offeror are, in general, prepared solely for internal use, for 

budgeting and other management decisions and are inherently uncertain and subjective in many respects and thus susceptible to interpretations and periodic revision based on actual experience and
business developments. The projections also reflect numerous estimates and assumptions (not all of which were provided to Parent and the Offeror), all made by the Company's management, with respect
to product and service mix, retailer margins and discounts, level of retailer circular advertising and Company promotional programs, estimated returns and renewals, product and service costs and
pricing, industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, including effective tax rates consistent with historical levels for the Company, all of
which are difficult to predict, and many of which are beyond the Company's control. In particular, the projections assume the availability of working capital. The Company advised Parent and the
Offeror that achievement of the projections on either the base case or the funded case would require major investments in advertising, marketing and promotion, that the Company's available financial
resources are insufficient to fund these expenditures, and that in the absence of funding the projections could not be achieved. The Company has advised Parent and the Offeror that if the Company does
not receive a capital infusion, its cash will be exhausted during the first quarter of 2002 based on its current operating plan. 

    Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that the assumptions made in preparing the projections will prove accurate. It is quite likely that there will be differences between actual and
projected results, and actual results may be materially greater or less than those contained in the projections. The inclusion of the projections herein should not be regarded as an indication that
any of Parent, the Offeror, the Company or any of their respective affiliates or representatives has made or makes any representation to any person regarding the ultimate performance of the Company
compared to the information contained in the projections, and none of them intends to update or otherwise revise the projections to reflect circumstances existing after the date when made or to
reflect the occurrence of future events even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying the projections are shown to be in error. 

    Available Information.
  The Company is subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in
accordance therewith, is obligated to file reports and other information with the SEC relating to its business, financial condition, and other matters. Information as of particular dates concerning
the Company's directors and officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to them, the principal holders of the Company's securities, any material interests of such persons in transactions with
the Company, and other matters is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to the Company's stockholders and filed with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements, and other information
should be available for inspection at the SEC's Public Reference Room, Room 1024, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, and copies should be obtainable upon payment of the SEC's customary
charges by writing to the SEC's principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The SEC also maintains a World Wide Web site on the Internet at http://www.sec.gov that contains
reports, proxy statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. 

9.  Certain Information Concerning Offeror and Parent.  

    Information Concerning Offeror.
  The Offeror, a Delaware corporation, was recently incorporated for the purpose of
making the Offer and consummating the Merger. All of the outstanding capital stock of the Offeror is owned by the Parent. Until immediately prior to the time it purchases Shares pursuant to the Offer,
it is not anticipated that the Offeror will have any significant assets or liabilities or engage in activities other than those incidental to its formation and capitalization and the transactions
contemplated by the Offer and the Merger. Since the Offeror is newly formed and has minimal assets and capitalization, no meaningful financial information is available for it. The Offeror is not
subject to the informational filing requirements of the Exchange Act. 

    The principal executive offices of the Offeror are located at 1375 Peachtree Street, NW, Atlanta, Georgia 30309, telephone number (404) 815-0770. The name, business
address, past and present principal occupations and citizenship of each of the directors and executive officers of the Offeror are set forth in Annex I to this Offer to Purchase. 

    Information Concerning Parent.
  The principal executive offices of the Parent are located at 1375 Peachtree Street, NW,
Atlanta, Georgia 30309, telephone number (404) 815-0770. The name, business address, past and present principal occupations and citizenship of each of the directors and executive
officers of the Parent are set forth in Annex I to this Offer to Purchase. The Parent is a leading Internet service provider (
"ISP"
), providing reliable
nationwide Internet access and related value-added services to its individual and business customers. The Parent was formed in February 2000 as a result of the merger of EarthLink
Network, Inc. (
"EarthLink Network"
), and MindSpring Enterprises, Inc. The word "Network" was dropped from the name of the combined company
to differentiate it from the former EarthLink Network. By combining the two companies, the Parent formed one of the largest ISPs in the United States. The Parent's objective is to provide directly to
consumers the highest quality access to the real Internet and related Internet-based services. The Parent is focused on improving profitability by capitalizing on the continuing decline in
telecommunications costs, the decline in the number of calls to the Parent's call centers due to the quality of its software and reliability of its services, benefits of scale, and streamlining of its
internal processes and operations. The Parent's customer base grew from approximately 3.1 million paying customers on December 31, 1999 to approximately 4.7 million paying
customers on December 31, 2000. 

    Except
as set forth in this Offer to Purchase: 


Neither
the Parent nor the Offeror nor, to the best knowledge of the Parent and the Offeror, any of the persons listed in Annex I to this Offer to
Purchase, or any associate or majority owned subsidiary of any of the foregoing, beneficially owns or has a right to acquire any Shares or any other equity securities of the Company except for
1,774,253 Shares which may be deemed beneficially owned by the Offeror by virtue of the Voting Agreements and, the Parent's option to purchase 19.9% of the outstanding Common Stock pursuant to a Stock
Option Agreement between the Parent and the Company executed on even date with the Merger Agreement;


Neither
the Parent nor the Offeror nor, to the best knowledge of the Parent and the Offeror, any of the persons listed in Annex I to this Offer to
Purchase, or any associate or majority owned subsidiary
of any of the foregoing, has effected any transaction in Shares or any other equity securities of the Company during the past 60 days;


there
have never been any transactions which would be required to be disclosed under the rules and regulations of the SEC between any of the Parent, the
Offeror or any of their respective subsidiaries, or, to the best knowledge of the Parent and the Offeror, any of the persons listed in Annex I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and the
Company or any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates, on the other hand; and


there
have never been any negotiations, transactions or material contacts between any of the Parent, the Offeror or any of their respective subsidiaries
or, to the best knowledge of the Parent and the Offeror, any of the persons listed in Annex I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and the Company or its affiliates, on the other hand,
concerning any merger, consolidation, acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of securities of the Company, any election of directors of the Company, or any sale or other transfer of a material
amount of assets of the Company. 

    Neither
the Parent nor the Offeror had any relationship with the Company prior to the commencement of the discussions which led to the execution of the Merger Agreement. See
Section 11, "Background of the Offer." Each of the Parent and the Offeror disclaims that it is an "affiliate" of the Company within the meaning of Rule 13e-3 under the
Exchange Act. 

    Available Information.
  The Parent is a public company subject to the informational filing requirements of the Exchange
Act. Pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, the Offeror, filed with the SEC a Schedule TO, together with exhibits, including this Offer to Purchase and the Merger Agreement,
which provides certain information with respect to the Offer. The Schedule TO and any amendments thereto, including exhibits, should be available for inspection and copies should be obtainable at the
public reference facilities of the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such information should also be obtainable by mail, upon payment of the SEC's customary charges, by
writing to the SEC's principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Such information is also available by accessing the SEC's website on the Internet at http://www.sec.gov. 

    Ownership Interest in the Company.
  Pursuant to the Voting Agreements, the Parent may be deemed to beneficially own
1,774,253 Shares constituting beneficial ownership of approximately 12% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company as of October 17, 2001. All of such 1,774,253 shares
are directly owned beneficially or of record by the Company Shareholders. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsVoting
Agreements." The Parent expressly disclaims beneficial ownership of such Shares. 

    In
addition, the Parent may be deemed to beneficially own 2,792,586 Shares. Under the Stock Option Agreement, the Company granted the Parent an option to purchase up to 19.9% of the
Company's issued and outstanding Shares, without giving effect to any shares subject to or issued pursuant to the option. The option is subject to certain terms and conditions which are more fully
described in Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe Stock Option Agreement." 

10.  Source and Amount of Funds.  

    The Offeror expects the amount of funds required by the Offeror to purchase all of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer and to pay related fees and
expenses to be collectively approximately $5 million plus related fees and expenses. The Offeror currently intends to obtain all such funds from a capital contribution from the Parent and the
Parent currently intends to provide such funds to the Offeror. The source of funds for the Offer will come from the Parent's cash or cash equivalent holdings. The Parent's cash and cash equivalent
positions set forth in the balance sheet of its most recently filed 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2001 are $600,526,000. Neither the Offeror nor the Parent will borrow funds in
connection with this Offer and there are no material conditions related to the financing of the Offer. 

11.  Background of the Offer.  

    EarthLink's EarthLink Everywhere organization seeks to extend the EarthLink experience beyond the personal computer to include Internet devices and appliances.
Toward this end, EarthLink has been open to investment and acquisition opportunities in these areas. 

    On
March 19, 2001, Lance Weatherby, Executive Vice President of EarthLink and head of EarthLink Everywhere, was contacted by Robert Wonsetler, Cidco's Vice President of Strategic
Development, to propose a meeting to determine if any strategic opportunities between the two companies existed. Mr. Weatherby and Mr. Wonsetler agreed to arrange a late March conference
call to further discuss mutual opportunities and for Mr. Wonsetler to provide an oral overview of Cidco's business. 

    On
March 21, 2001, Mr. Wonsetler and Mr. Weatherby, along with Don Norris and Joanna Harkins of EarthLink's Channel Sales organization, had a conference call to
determine if any strategic opportunities existed between the two companies. The participants determined that opportunities might exist and to further continue discussions. 

    On March 23, 2001, Mr. Wonsetler sent to Cliff Bryant, EarthLink's Director of Subscriber Acquisitions, information relating to Cidco's subscriber base. 

    On
April 16, 2001, Mr. Wonsetler and Brent Cobb, Vice President, Strategy and Development of EarthLink, discussed strategic business alternatives and Mr. Cobb requested additional
information regarding Cidco. As a followup, Mr. Wonsetler provided Mr. Cobb a written overview of Cidco's business, which had been filed with the SEC on Form 8-K on
February 13, 2001. 

    On
April 24, 2001, the parties executed a non-disclosure agreement. Subsequently, Mr. Cobb sent a due diligence checklist to Mr. Wonsetler. In response, Mr. Wonsetler
provided Mr. Cobb additional information regarding Cidco, including Cidco financial data. 

    On
May 15, 2001, Mr. Wonsetler sent Mr. Cobb a copy of a presentation regarding Cidco's business plan and a memorandum prepared by TM Capital Corp. reviewing Cidco's
business. Mr. Wonsetler then contacted Mr. Cobb weekly as EarthLink representatives evaluated the business opportunity. 

    On
May 21, 2001, Mr. Wonsetler and Mr. Cobb discussed their respective companies' long-term business strategies to determine if a mutual relationship or other
arrangement was attractive. The two agreed that potential existed for a mutual arrangement but that additional time and due diligence were required to formulate a detailed plan of action and
arrangement structure. 

    On
July 9, 2001, Mr. Cobb requested that Cidco submit an initial proposal for a strategic investment by EarthLink in Cidco. 

    On
July 11, 2001, Mr. Cobb met with Paul Locklin, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cidco, Rick Kent, Chief Financial Officer of Cidco, and Bill Sole,
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing of Cidco, in San Francisco to discuss strategic alternatives, including a potential strategic investment by EarthLink. 

    On
July 13, 2001, Mr. Kent and Mr. Cobb discussed financial and operational highlights of Cidco's business. 

    On
July 16, 2001, Cidco provided Mr. Cobb an initial proposal for strategic investment by EarthLink in Cidco. 

    On
August 1, 2001, Messrs. Wonsetler, Kent and Sole, initiated a telephone conference call with Mr. Cobb and John Kortier, Vice President of Channel Sales for EarthLink. The
parties discussed possible synergies in retail sales and marketing. 

    On
August 7 and 8, 2001, Mr. Cobb met with Messrs. Locklin, Kent, Sole and Wonsetler at Cidco's headquarters in Morgan Hill, California, to discuss Cidco's business and
possible deal structures. 

    On
August 17, 2001, Garry Betty, Chief Executive Officer of EarthLink, Michael McQuary, President of EarthLink, Lee Adrean, Chief Financial Officer of EarthLink, Mr. Weatherby,
Mr. Cobb, and William Tolpegin, Director of Equity Investments at EarthLink, met to discuss the Cidco opportunity. 

    Between
August 17, 2001 and October 12, 2001, the executive management of EarthLink held periodic and informal internal discussions regarding the possibility of EarthLink's
acquisition of Cidco. 

    On
August 22, 2001, Messrs. Cobb and Weatherby, Linda Beck, Executive Vice President, Operations of EarthLink, and William Heys, Executive Vice President, Sales, of EarthLink met with
Messrs. Locklin, Kent, Sole and Wonsetler and David L'Heureux, Vice President, Product Development of Cidco, to discuss Cidco's business, operations and due diligence issues. 

    On
August 23, 2001, Mr. Kent met with Mr. Tolpegin regarding Cidco's financial information. 

    On August 29, 2001, Messrs. Betty, McQuary, Adrean, Heys, Weatherby, Cobb, and Tolpegin met to address the Cidco opportunity. Subsequently, Mr. Cobb telephoned
Mr. Wonsetler to advise that EarthLink would be presenting a draft term sheet for an acquisition of Cidco. 

    On
September 4, 2001, EarthLink proposed a revised non-disclosure agreement to include a no shop covenant, and presented a draft term sheet for the acquisition of Cidco in a cash
merger. On September 5, 2001, representatives of EarthLink, Cidco and TM Capital had a telephone conversation to review and discuss the term sheet. The parties executed the revised
non-disclosure agreement on September 6, 2001. 

    On
September 10, 2001, EarthLink representatives, including external audit resources, commenced a due diligence review of Cidco. Throughout the rest of September and into mid-October
2001,
EarthLink engaged in a due diligence review and analysis of Cidco, including its operations, financial matters, employees, technology, equipment, infrastructure, intellectual property, contracts and
agreements, marketing, subscriber data, organizational and corporate structure and related areas. 

    On
September 12, 2001, a term sheet for the acquisition providing for a cash tender offer and follow-on merger was finalized and agreed between representatives of Cidco and EarthLink. 

    On
September 24, 2001, EarthLink provided Cidco with the initial draft of the Merger Agreement. Management and legal counsel of both companies proceeded to negotiate and draft the
acquisition agreement and related documents through October 17, 2001. 

    On
October 8, 2001, EarthLink's executive management team met to discuss the Cidco opportunity. EarthLink management reviewed the due diligence findings in detail. 

    On
October 9, 2001, Mr. Cobb met with Cidco's executive management team at Cidco's Morgan Hill headquarters to discuss various business issues relating to the acquisition. At that
meeting, Mr. Cobb proposed changes to the acquisition terms, including a downward adjustment in the price to $0.30 per share. Discussions continued on October 10, 2001 regarding the
revised business terms proposed by EarthLink. 

    Between
October 10 and October 16, 2001, the companies further discussed Cidco's need for interim financing. The companies' management determined that it would be beneficial for
EarthLink to extend a credit facility of up to $5 million to Cidco, available if and when the companies executed a definitive agreement and plan of merger for EarthLink's acquisition of Cidco. 

    On
October 16, 2001, EarthLink's Board of Directors met to discuss the Cidco opportunity. The Board of Directors approved the Merger Agreement and the credit facility. 

    On
October 17, 2001, representatives of Cidco and EarthLink and their respective legal counsel finalized the Merger Agreement, the credit facility agreement, and the related ancillary
agreements consistent with the terms approved by EarthLink's Board of Directors. All documents were then executed by EarthLink, Cidco, and EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc., a specially formed
acquisition subsidiary of, and wholly owned by, EarthLink. The parties then issued press releases announcing the transaction and related arrangements. 

12.  Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the Company.  

    Purpose.
  The purpose of the Offer and the Merger is for the Offeror to acquire control of, and the entire equity
interest in, the Company. The purpose of the Merger is for the Offeror to acquire all Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer. Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company will become a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Parent. The Offer is being made pursuant to the Merger Agreement. If the Offer is successful, the Parent and the Offeror intend to consummate the Merger as promptly as
practicable. There can be no assurance that the Merger will take place because the Merger 

is subject to certain conditions, some of which are beyond the control of either the Parent or the Company. 

    Approval.
  Under the DGCL, the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company and the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Shares may be required to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger. The Board of Directors of the Company
has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, but if the Minimum Condition is satisfied and greater than 50% but less than 90% of the issued and outstanding
Shares are acquired at the time the Offer is terminated, the only remaining required corporate action of the Company is the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of Shares. If the Minimum Condition is satisfied and the Offeror acquires at least 90% of the issued and outstanding Shares at
the time the Offer is terminated, the Offeror will purchase all Shares tendered and not withdrawn on the Expiration Date and the Offeror will have sufficient voting power to cause the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby without the affirmative vote of any other stockholders. Regarding any approvals necessary under the laws of other states, see
Section 16, "Certain Regulatory and Legal Matters; State Takeover Laws." 

    Stockholder Meetings.
  In the Merger Agreement, upon acceptance for payment of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer
(together with any applicable Offer Period Extensions), if the number of Shares purchased in the Offer equals at least 90% of the issued and outstanding Shares, the parties shall cause the Merger to
occur promptly as set forth in the Merger Agreement and pursuant to Delaware law without stockholder approval (a 
"Short-Form Merger"
). If
the number of Shares so purchased is greater than 50% but less than 90% of the issued and outstanding Shares at the time that the Offer is terminated, the Parent and the Company shall, subject to
Article VI of the Merger Agreement, take all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to cause the Offeror to be merged with and into the Company in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement and the DGCL, including without limitation, convening a special stockholders' meeting and soliciting proxies therefor (all in compliance with applicable federal securities laws) to secure
the Company stockholder approval for such a Merger (the 
"Long-Form Merger"
), and the Company also agrees that its Board of Directors will
vote in favor
of the Long-Form Merger and recommend it to the stockholders of the Company. Those Company insiders who have signed the Voting Agreements, have also agreed to vote in favor of the
Long-Form Merger. 

    The
obligations of the Board of Directors of the Company set forth above with respect to approving and recommending the transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement to the
stockholders of the Company is subject to the Company's rights described in Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementNonsolicitation Obligations and
Exceptions," provided, that the obligations of the members of the Company's Board of Directors with respect to tendering their shares in the Offering and voting their Shares in a
Short-Form Merger or Long-Form Merger, as set forth in their respective Voting Agreements, shall survive, be separate from and not affected by any actions or vote of the
Company's Board of Directors. 

    Board Representation.
  For a description of the Offeror's rights under the Merger Agreement to designate directors of
the Company, see Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementBoard of Directors." The Merger Agreement provides that the directors of the Offeror
immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation after the Merger. 

    Appraisal Rights.
  No dissenters' or appraisal rights are available in connection with the Offer. See also
Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementDissenting Shares." However, under Delaware law, if the Merger is consummated, stockholders of the Company at
the time of 

Merger who do not vote in favor of the Merger, or consent to the Merger in writing pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL, and comply with all statutory requirements will have the right to demand
an appraisal of the fair value of their Shares. 

    THE
PRESERVATION AND EXERCISE OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS REQUIRE STRICT ADHERENCE TO THE APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE DELAWARE LAW. 

    The
foregoing discussion is not a complete statement of law pertaining to appraisal rights under the DGCL and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of Section 262 

et seq.
 of the DGCL which is
set forth in Annex II to this Offer to Purchase. 

    Going Private Transactions.
  The SEC has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act which is
applicable to certain "going private" transactions and which may under certain circumstances be applicable to the Merger or another business combination following the purchase of Shares pursuant to
the Offer or otherwise in which the Offeror seeks to acquire the remaining Shares not held by it. The Offeror
believes, however, that Rule 13e-3 will not be applicable to the Merger if the Merger is consummated within one year after the Expiration Date at the same per Share price as paid in
the Offer. If applicable, Rule 13e-3 requires, among other things, that certain financial information concerning the Company and certain information relating to the fairness of the
proposed transaction and the consideration offered to minority stockholders in such transaction be filed with the SEC and disclosed to stockholders prior to consummation of the transaction. 

    Plans for the Company.
  The Offeror expects that, initially following the Merger, the business and operations of the
Company will generally continue as they are currently being conducted. During an integration period following the Merger, the Offeror intends to cause the Company's operations to continue to be run
and managed by, among others, the Company's existing executive officers. The Offeror will continue to evaluate all aspects of the business, operations, capitalization and management of the Company
during the pendency of the Offer and after the consummation of the Offer and the Merger and will take such further actions as it deems appropriate under the circumstances then existing. The Offeror
intends to seek additional information about the Company during this period. Thereafter, the Offeror intends to review such information as part of a comprehensive review of the Company's business,
operations, capitalization and management. The Offer and the Merger are being undertaken at this time for the reasons set forth in Section 11, "Background of the Offer." 

    Extraordinary Corporate Transactions.
  Except as indicated in this Offer to Purchase, neither the Parent nor the Offeror
has any present plans or proposals which relate to or would result in (i) an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving the Company,
(ii) any purchase, sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) any material change in the present dividend policy, or indebtedness or
capitalization, of the Company, (iv) any change in the Company's present management, (v) any other material changes in the Company's corporate structure or business, (vi) any
class of equity securities of the Company being delisted from a national securities exchange or ceasing to be authorized to be quoted in an automated quotations system operated by a national
securities association, or (vii) any class of equity securities of the Company becoming eligible for termination of registration under Section 12(g)(4) of the Securities Act. 

    However,
under the Merger Agreement, upon Parent's acceptance of at least a majority of the issued and outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer, Parent will be entitled to designate a
certain number of members of the Company's Board of Directors. See Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementBoard of Directors." Parent has not
determined who will be Parent's designees. However, Parent's designees will be selected from among the following persons: Charles G. ("Garry") Betty, Michael S. McQuary, Lee Adrean, Lance Weatherby
and Samuel R. DeSimone, Jr. Since each of these individuals is a director or officer of Parent, Annex I contains certain information with respect to each such person. Each of the persons has consented
to serve as a 

director of the Company if appointed or elected. None of such persons currently is a director of, or holds any positions with, the Company. None of the aforementioned persons or any of their
affiliates beneficially owns any equity securities or rights to acquire any such securities of the Company, nor has
any such person been involved in any transaction with the Company or any of its directors, executive officers or affiliates that is required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the SEC other than with respect to transactions between Parent, Offeror and the Company that have been described in the Schedule TO. None of the persons is an adverse party to the Company in any legal
proceedings or has a material interest in any such proceeding. 

13.  The Transaction Documents.  

The Confidentiality Agreement  

    To facilitate the exchange of confidential information as part of due diligence in connection with the proposed acquisition, the Parent and the Company entered
into a Mutual Non-Disclosure and Non-Solicitation Agreement, as amended on September 6, 2001 (the 
"Confidentiality
Agreement"
). The Confidentiality Agreement, in part, addresses the treatment of information exchanged between the parties in connection with discussions regarding a potential
transaction (the 
"Transaction"
). The Confidentiality Agreement provides that all Evaluation Material, as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement, shall
be (i) used solely for the purpose of evaluating and considering the Transaction, (ii) kept confidential by the receiving party, and (iii) provided by the receiving party only to
its representatives to whom disclosure is required to facilitate the receiving party's evaluation of a Transaction. The Parent and Company are generally prohibited from disclosing the discussions or
negotiations between the parties regarding a Transaction, the existence of the Confidentiality Agreement or any of the terms, facts or conditions with respect to a Transaction. The Confidentiality
Agreement also contains customary provisions regarding compulsory disclosure of Evaluation Material, the independent development or acquisition of products without the use of the other party's
Evaluation Materials, the return and destruction of any Evaluation Material and remedies for breach of the Confidentiality Agreement. 

    The
Confidentiality Agreement requires that for a period of one year subsequent to the termination of discussions regarding the Transaction, neither Company nor Parent shall solicit
for hire any person currently employed by the other party or any of its subsidiaries with whom the hiring party first has contact (or becomes known to the hiring party) in the course of the party's
discussions or due diligence regarding a Transaction. There are exceptions to the aforementioned employee non-solicitation requirement related to an employee who (a) directly
contacts the hiring party, (b) responds to a mass media solicitation from the hiring party, or (c) is identified by a third party executive search firm. 

    Due
to the expenses incurred by Parent in performing due diligence, the Company agreed to terminate any negotiations with respect to any proposals for any business combination, tender
offer or acquisition by a third party of all or any portion of the Company's stock or assets (a 
"Third-Party Offer"
). Further, the Company also agreed
that during a Restricted Period, as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement, the Company will not solicit or encourage any inquiries or proposals for any Third-Party Offer, or engage in any
discussions or negotiations or cooperate with any person in connection with a Third-
Party Offer. Upon the Company's receipt of any Third Party Offer or related inquiry, the Company agreed to inform the Parent of such. Notwithstanding the above, nothing in the Confidentiality
Agreement prohibits the Company's Board of Directors from complying with the mandatory disclosure requirements of Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with regard to an unsolicited Third-Party Offer, pursuant to advice of outside legal counsel, provided that any recommendation by the Company's
Board of Directors other than to recommend rejection of such offer shall be considered a breach of the aforementioned standstill requirements. In the event that the Company violates such standstill
requirements during the Restricted Period, the Company also agreed to pay Parent $100,000 plus the out-of-pocket expenses of the Parent incurred in connection with the proposed
Transaction. 

    The Confidentiality Agreement does not obligate Parent or Company to consummate a Transaction or to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Transaction. Furthermore,
Parent and Company reserved the right to provide or not provide Evaluation Material to each other. 

The Advance Agreement  

    On October 17, 2001, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the Company's willingness to enter
into the Merger Agreement, the Parent and the Company entered into an Advance Agreement (the 
"Advance Agreement"
) which provides for a secured loan of
up to $5,000,000.00 from the Parent to the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

    Under
the terms of the Advance Agreement, the Parent may, but is not obligated to, make any advances, but may make advances in its sole discretion upon proper request by the Company.
Outstanding loan amounts shall bear interest annually at a rate equal to the prime rate announced by Bank of America, plus 1% (but plus 3% if the Company is in default under the terms of the Advance
Agreement). The Company may use the advanced funds as permitted by the Parent, and unless otherwise specified by the Parent, the Company may use such funds for working capital purposes only consistent
with the past practices of the Company. To the extent of the total amount loaned under the Advance Agreement, the Parent will have a first priority security interest in the assets of the Company. 

    If
the Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the consummation of the Merger for any reason, the first $1.8 million of the amount loaned to the Company, or the full amount if
less than $1.8 million, together with accrued and unpaid interest, will be due on the 90
th
 day following such termination date. All amounts borrowed in excess of
$1.8 million, if any, together with accrued and unpaid interest, shall be payable in monthly installments equal to 25% of the Company's gross revenues in the previous month generated by and
otherwise attributable to those Company customers who become customers during the fourth quarter of 2001 and the first quarter of 2002, with any unpaid balance fully payable on the second anniversary
of the termination of the Merger Agreement. 

    Advances
under the Advance Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of Company's assets as set forth in that certain Security Agreement (the 

"Security Agreement"
) and by a Deed of Trust
on a parcel of property owned by Company (the Deed of Trust and the Security Agreement shall be
collectively referred to as the 
"Deed of Trust"
 and the Advance Agreement, the Security Agreement and the Deed of Trust shall be collectively referred
to as the 
"Loan Agreements"
). 

    The
Deed of Trust was entered into by the Parent, the Company and Fidelity National Title Company (the 
"Trustee"
). The Company granted
to the Trustee, in trust, the power of sale and right of entry and possession in the Trust Property, as defined in the Deed of Trust, subject to permitted exceptions. The Company also granted Parent a
security interest in all Goods and Intangibles, as those terms are defined in the Deed of Trust, in which a security interest may be created under the California Uniform Commercial Code
(
"UCC"
). To protect the security of the Deed of Trust, the Company agreed to, among other things, (i) maintain fire and other insurance policies
on the subject real property; (ii) pay all taxes on the Trust Property; (iii) avoid any non-permitted liens or rights of others to Trust Property; (iv) defend any
claim or any action purporting to affect title or interest to the Trust Property, the security of the Deed of Trust or the rights or powers of the Trustee or the Parent; (v) grant and assign
during the continuance of the Deed of Trust all of the Company's right, title and interest in and to the Leases, and Rents as further security for payment and performance of the secured obligations;
and (vi) waive certain rights with respect to the Trust Property, including appraisal rights and any right to direct the order in which Trust Property may be sold in the event of a default. The
Deed of Trust also sets forth certain powers of the Trustee and Company's obligation to indemnify and reimburse Trustee for any liability, damage, or expense which Trustee may incur in connection with
the Deed of Trust. 

    Under the Loan Agreements, the following constitute an event of default: 

     (i) the
Company fails to pay any principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable under any Loan Document when due; 

    (ii) any
representation or warranty of the Company made in connection with the Advance Agreement or transactions contemplated thereby is incorrect or misleading in any
material respect when given and is not cured within five (5) business days notice; 

    (iii) the
Company fails to perform or observe any other material term or covenant contained in any Loan Document and such is not cured within five (5) business
days notice; 

    (iv) any
material provision of a Loan Document is declared null and void or its validity or enforceability is questioned by the Company; 

    (v) the
occurrence of certain insolvency or bankruptcy related conditions or events with respect to the Company; 

    (vi) any
material change in ownership, management or control of the Company (except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement); or 

   (vii) Parent
determines that there has been a Material Adverse Change, as defined in the Advance Agreement. 

    Under
the Advance Agreement, if a default occurs, all amounts owing to Parent become immediately due and payable to the extent permitted by law. Under the Deed of Trust, if a default
occurs, the Company is required to pay Parent (in addition to payments owed under the Loan Documents) in monthly installments sums sufficient to pay all taxes which are or may become a lien affecting
the Trust Property, as defined in the Deed of Trust. Additionally, Parent may exercise any one or more of the following remedies: 

     (i) enter
upon and take possession of all or part of the Trust Property and perform any acts needed to preserve the value, marketability or rentability of the Trust
Property; 

    (ii) bring
an action in any court of competent jurisdiction to foreclose the Deed of Trust or to enforce its terms or conditions; 

    (iii) elect
to cause the Trust Property to be sold in the manner set forth in the Deed of Trust; 

    (iv) institute
an action for specific performance of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in the Loan Documents; 

    (v) apply
for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator of the Trust Property; 

    (vi) enforce
the Parent's interest in the Leases and Rents, enter into the Trust Property and dispossess the Company therefrom, and operate, manage and otherwise deal
with every aspect of the Trust Property and exercise all rights and powers of the Company with respect to the Trust Property and apply the receipts from the Trust Property to the payment of any
amounts due to the Parent from the Company under the Loan Documents; and 

   (vii) pursue
such other rights or remedies available at law or in equity under the UCC. 

    The
Deed of Trust and the rights granted to the Trustee and the covenants agreed to by the Company continue until the secured obligations are fully paid and performed. At that time,
the Deed of Trust will be void and, at the request of the Company, the Parent will execute and deliver to the Company a release of the Deed of Trust. 

The Merger Agreement  

    Commencement of Offer.
  The Merger Agreement provides for the commencement of the Offer on or before October 31,
2001 or as promptly as practicable thereafter. 

    Merger.
  The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the satisfactions of the conditions set forth in Article VI of
the Merger Agreement, and as set forth in 1.1(c) of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Delaware law
,
 the Offeror will be merged with and into
the Company. Following the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Offeror will cease, and the Company will continue as the Surviving Corporation that will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Parent. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended to read as set forth in Exhibit B to the Merger Agreement. The Bylaws of the Offeror, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation and the directors and officers of the Offeror, immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors
and officers of the Surviving Corporation until replaced. 

    Vote Required to Approve Merger.
  See Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for the
Company-Stockholder Meetings." 

    Conversion of Securities.
  At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
Offeror, the Company or the holders of any securities of the Company or the Offeror, (a) each Share that is owned directly by the Company as treasury stock or by the Offeror, the Parent or any
subsidiary of either, will automatically be cancelled and retired and no consideration will be delivered thereto, and (b) subject to applicable escheat or similar law, each Share issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Shares which are cancelled in accordance with (a) above) will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to
the Offer Consideration. As of the Effective Time, all Shares (except those Shares with respect to which appraisal rights are properly exercised) will no longer be outstanding and will automatically
be canceled and retired, and each holder of a certificate(s) which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Shares will cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the
right to
receive cash in an amount equal to the product that is obtained by multiplying (X) the Offer Consideration by (Y) the number of Shares validly surrendered. In the event that, prior to
the Effective Time, the outstanding Shares shall have been changed into a different number of Shares or a different class as a result of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend,
subdivision, reclassification, split, combination, exchange, recapitalization or other similar transaction, the Offer Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted on a per-share basis. 

    Stock Options and Warrants.
  The Merger Agreement provides that (a) all vested Options to purchase Common Stock
or other Company capital stock (
"Vested Options"
) may be exercised at any time prior to the Effective Time of the Merger and thereafter the shares of
such stock so acquired will be subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (b) all Vested Options not properly exercised prior to the Effective Time of the Merger shall expire, terminate and
be cancelled in full at no cost or liability to any party as of the Effective Time, and shall not be replaced, repurchased or otherwise subject to any compensation whatsoever by any party, and
(c) all Options of any type that are unvested and/or not properly exercisable prior to the Effective Time of the Merger (
"Unvested Options"
) will
expire and terminate as of the Effective Time of the Merger, and shall not be replaced, repurchased or otherwise subject to any compensation by any party. 

"Options"
 means options, warrants, rights and
other agreements and instruments granting rights to purchase Common Stock or other Company capital stock
or equity interest in the Company. 
"Included Options"
 mean all Vested Options that are properly exercised. 

    Dissenting Shares.
  Shares that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and which are held by
stockholders who have not voted in favor of the Merger and who have provided valid 

notice of their intent to demand payment for such Shares (all in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL) shall not be converted into or represent the right to receive an amount equal to the
Offer Consideration (collectively, the 
"Dissenting Shares"
). Such Dissenting Shares instead shall, from and after the Effective Time, represent only the
right to receive payment for such Dissenting Shares in accordance with the provisions of Sections 262 of the DGCL relating to appraisal rights, except that all Dissenting Shares held by stockholders
who shall have failed to perfect or who effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights to dissent and obtain payment for such stockholder's Dissenting Shares shall be deemed to have been
converted into and to have become exchangeable, as of the Effective Time, for the right to receive, without any interest thereon, an amount equal to the Offer Consideration, upon surrender of such
certificates in a manner described in "Exchange of Certificates" below. Company is required to give Parent (a) prompt notice of any demands received by Company for appraisal of Dissenting
Shares, withdrawals of such demands, and any other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by Company and (b) Parent may participate in all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to such demands. Except as required by a court or as may be required by applicable law, Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to any
demands for appraisal or offer to settle, or settle any such demands. 

    Exchange of Certificates.
  The Merger Agreement requires Parent to deliver to the Depositary or another bank or trust
designated by Parent funds sufficient to make payment of the Offer Consideration for the
benefit of Company stockholders for all outstanding Shares (the 
"Exchange Fund"
). Upon surrender of a certificate for cancellation to the Depositary
together with the Letter of Transmittal, and such other documents as may reasonably be requested, the holder of such certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a check payable to
such holder representing payment of an amount equal to the Offer Consideration for each Share evidenced by the certificate and surrendered. The Merger Agreement also addresses the full exchange
process, including (i) the notice of exchange, (ii) the exchange procedures, (iii) the surrender of ownership rights in Cidco stock by stockholders upon payment for surrendered
Shares, (iv) the investment of the Exchange Fund, (v) termination of the Exchange Fund, (v) the absence of liability of the parties to the Merger Agreement to any person pursuant
to escheat or similar law, (vi) lost certificates, and (vii) tax withholding rights related to amounts paid for certificates for Shares surrendered. 

    Conditions to Obligations of All Parties to Merger Agreement.
  The obligations of each party to effect the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions: 


No
statute, law, rule, regulation, executive order or ordinance of any type or decree, ruling, or injunction of any type shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or enforced by any court or other tribunal or governmental body or authority which prohibits the consummation of the Merger substantially on the terms contemplated hereby. In the event any
order, decree or injunction shall have been issued, each party shall use its reasonable efforts to remove any such injunction.


All
required approvals shall have been obtained as required in Section 6.1(b) of the Merger Agreement.


Subject
to the Minimum Condition and other applicable provisions of the Merger Agreement, Company shall have purchased all Shares validly tendered in the
Offer and not withdrawn, provided, that this condition shall be deemed to have been satisfied if the Company fails to accept for payment or pay for Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant
to the Offer in violation of the terms of the Offer or of the Merger Agreement.


The
Merger shall have been approved by the requisite vote of the holders of Shares, to the extent required pursuant to the requirements of the Company's
Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL or other applicable law. 

    Conditions to Obligations of Offeror and Parent.
  The obligations of the Offeror and the Parent to effect the Merger are
further subject conditions that there has been change, event or situation that has resulted in (or could be reasonably expected to result in) a Material Adverse Effect, as defined in the
Merger Agreement, on the Company between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time. 

    Schedule 14D-9; Schedule TO and Offer Documents; State Filings.
  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and
simultaneously with the filing by the Offeror and the Parent of the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO, the Company will file with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation statement on
Schedule 14D-9 containing the recommendations of its Board of Directors in favor of the Offer and the Merger; provided, however, that the Board of Directors of the Company may
modify, withdraw or change such recommendation solely to the extent that the Board of Directors and the Company are permitted to do so as described below under "Nonsolicitation Obligations and
Exceptions." The Company has granted the Parent and the Offeror and their counsel certain rights to review and comment on the proposed forms of the Schedule 14D-9 and the exhibits,
as well as any related amendments, prior to their filing with the SEC or dissemination to the Company's stockholders. The Company will provide the Parent, the Offeror and their counsel in writing any
comments or other communications that the Company or its counsel may receive from the SEC regarding the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after receipt thereof, and shall disseminate the
Schedule 14D-9 as required by Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act. The Company, the Parent and the Offeror have agreed to promptly correct any information provided
by them for use in the Schedule 14D-9 to the extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect and the Company has further agreed to take all steps
necessary to cause such Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to the stockholders of the Company to the extent required by applicable federal
securities laws. 

    Also
pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Parent and the Offeror have made certain agreements with the Company regarding (a) the filing of a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule
TO including this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and certain offer documents that will contain all information required by the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and
(b) the making of any filings required by applicable state law relating to the Offer. Furthermore, the Parent and the Offeror have granted to the Company certain rights to review and comment on
the proposed forms of the Schedule TO and any related amendments prior to their filing with the SEC. The Parent and the Offeror will provide the Company and its counsel in writing any comments or
other communications that the Parent or its counsel may receive from the SEC regarding the Schedule TO promptly after the receipt of such comments or other communications. The Parent and the Offeror
shall promptly correct any information provided by them for use in the Schedule TO if and to the extent that information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect, and the Parent
will take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule TO or other communications as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to the stockholders of the Company, as and to the extent
required by applicable law. 

    Board of Directors.
  Under the Merger Agreement, upon the acceptance for payment of at least a majority of the issued
and outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Parent will be entitled to designate such number of directors on the Board of Directors (the 
"Parent
Designees"
), rounded up to the next whole number, as will give the Parent representation on the Board of Directors equal to the product of (i) the number of authorized
directors on the Board of Directors (giving effect to the directors elected under the Merger Agreement), and (ii) the percentage that the number of Shares purchased by the Offeror or the Parent
or any affiliate thereof bears to the aggregate number of Shares then outstanding (the 
"Percentage"
). Upon the Parent's request, the Company will
promptly increase the size of the Board of Directors and/or secure the resignations of such number of directors as is necessary to enable the Parent Designees to be elected to the Board of Directors.
Upon the Parent's 

request, the Company will also cause the Parent Designees to constitute the same Percentage of (i) each committee of the Board of Directors, (ii) the board of directors of each
Subsidiary of the Company, and (iii) the committees of each such board of directors. The Company's obligations to appoint the Parent Designees to the Board of Directors and committees thereof
is subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder. The Company will promptly take all appropriate action required pursuant to such
Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 to effect any such election and will, subject to the next succeeding sentence, include in the Schedule 14D-9 the information
required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1. The Parent will supply to the Company in writing, and be solely responsible for, any information with respect to itself and the
Parent Designees, directors and affiliates required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1. 

    After
the time that the Parent Designees constitute a majority of the Board of Directors and until the Effective Time, any (i) amendment or termination of the Merger Agreement
by or on behalf of the Company, (ii) exercise or waiver of any of the Company's rights or remedies hereunder, extension of time for the performance or waiver of any of the obligations or other
acts of the Parent or the Offeror hereunder, or (iii) other action by the Company in connection with this Agreement, shall require the approval of a majority of the then-serving
directors, if any, who are not the Parent Designees (the 
"Continuing Directors"
), except to the extent that applicable law requires that such action be
acted upon by the full Board of Directors, in which case such action will require the concurrence of both a majority of the Board of Directors and a majority of the Continuing Directors. Vacancies in
the Continuing Directors may (but are not required to be) filled by designees selected the Parent Designees, who shall be deemed Continuing Directors for purposes of this Agreement. In the event there
are no remaining Continuing Directors (for any reason) at the time any such matter is addressed by the Company Board of Directors, the vote of the Continuing Directors as set forth herein shall not be
required. Under the Merger Agreement, the Board of Directors may not delegate any matter related to the aforementioned rules regarding the Board of Directors to any committee of the Board of
Directors. 

    Representations and Warranties.
  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has made customary representations and
warranties to the Parent and the Offeror, including, but not limited to, representations and warranties relating to the Company's organization and qualification to do business, the Company's authority
to enter into the Merger Agreement and carry out the transactions contemplated thereby, the validity, binding effect and enforceability of the Merger Agreement with respect to the Company, required
consents and approvals, the noncontravention and nonviolation by the Merger Agreement of the organizational documents and other agreements of the Company and of laws applicable to it, the Company's
capitalization, the Company's subsidiaries, documents and SEC filings relating to the Offer and prior SEC filings unrelated to the Offer, the absence of certain material adverse changes or events
since September 30, 2001, litigation, liabilities, intellectual property rights, employee benefit plans, environmental matters, personal property, real property, the payment of taxes and filing
of tax returns, the fairness opinion of TM Capital Corp., the absence of arrangements for finders' fees (other than with TM Capital Corp.), the customers and suppliers of the Company, the business
practices of the Company, the products of the Company, the Company's operation as a going concern, the Company's compliance with laws and permits, the full force and effect of the Company's contracts,
the absence of related party transactions, severance payments, licenses, material contracts and transactions with affiliates. The Company has also made representations and warranties regarding its
active number of subscriber accounts in good standing as well as to the validity and binding effect of a
Rights Agreement dated January 27, 1997 between the Company and United States Trust Company of New York (the 
"Rights Agreement"
). Further, the
Company represents and warrants that the Rights Agreement was amended on October 17, 2001, and, as amended, completely exempts the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement from the
operation of the Rights Agreement and completely exempts the Parent and the Offeror from becoming an Acquiring Person, as defined in the Rights Agreement. The Company represents and warrants that the
Assignment and Assumption Agreement, 

dated October 1, 2001, by and among the Company and certain third parties (the 
"Assignment and Assumption Agreement"
) has been executed by all
parties except for the Company. The Company further represents that the amounts owed to the Company under such agreement are bona fide obligations, and all such obligations and amounts payable
thereunder (to and from the Company) shall be paid within three (3) business days after October 17, 2001. 

    The
Parent and the Offeror have also made customary representations and warranties to the Company, including, but not limited to, representations and warranties relating to the Parent
and the Offeror's organization and qualification to do business, their authority to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, the validity, binding effect
and enforceability of the Merger Agreement with respect to the Parent and the Offeror, required consents and approvals, lack of litigation which would affect the Offer, lack of the Parent and the
Offeror ownership of Shares as of the date of the Merger Agreement, and the truthfulness of the Parent's securities filings. 

    Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, none of the representations and warranties made in the Merger Agreement will survive after the Effective Time. 

    Conduct of Company's Business Pending Merger.
  In the Merger Agreement, the Company has entered into certain covenants
concerning the conduct of business, prior to the Effective Time, by it. During the period from the date of the Merger Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the Effective Date or the date, if
any, on which the Merger Agreement is terminated, and except pursuant to the prior written consent by EarthLink or as may be expressly permitted pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company: 


shall
conduct the operations of its business according to ordinary and usual course of business in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted,
including without limitation the expenditure of cash (which expenditures shall in no event exceed $100,000 in the aggregate);


shall
use its reasonable efforts to preserve, intact its business organizations and goodwill, keep available the services of its officers and employees as
a group, subject to changes in the ordinary course, and maintain satisfactory relationships with suppliers, distributors, customers and others having business relationships with them;


shall
confer at such times as the Offeror may reasonably request with one or more representatives of the Offeror to report operational matters and the
status of ongoing operations;


shall
notify the Parent of any emergency or other change in the normal course of any of the respective business operations of the Company or in the
properties of the Company, including without limitation any discussions or actions (of any type, preliminary or otherwise) relating to bankruptcy, and of any complaints, investigations or hearings (or
communications indicating that the same may be contemplated) of any governmental authority;


shall
not authorize, declare or pay any dividends on or any distribution of any type with respect to its outstanding Shares;


shall
not enter into or amend any employment, severance or similar agreements or arrangements with its respective directors or officers;


shall
not, except as otherwise permitted hereunder, authorize, propose or announce an intention to authorize or propose, or enter into an agreement with
respect to, any merger, consolidation or business combination (other than the Merger) or any acquisition of any assets or securities, any disposition of any amount of assets or securities or any
release or relinquishment of any contract rights; 


shall
not propose or adopt any amendments to its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other governing documents, and shall not enter into any contract
or agreement with any affiliate of the Company;


shall
not issue any Shares, capital stock, securities, equity or any securities or rights whatsoever convertible or exchangeable (at any time or under any
circumstances) into Shares or other equity of Company Securities, as defined in the Merger Agreement, or effect any stock split or otherwise change its capitalization or capital structure in any
manner from the way it existed on the date hereof, other than as specifically permitted by the Merger Agreement;


shall
not, except as specifically permitted by this Agreement or specifically required pursuant to the terms of such agreements or instruments (and only to
the minimal extent required): (A) issue, grant, confer or award any Convertible Rights, Stock Rights, as such terms are defined in the Merger
Agreement, Options or any other rights to acquire any Shares or Securities whatsoever (whether pursuant to any stock option plan or otherwise), and (B) shall not accelerate in any manner or by
any method the vesting or excercisability of any stock options, warrants or other similar right;


shall
not purchase or redeem any Shares;


shall
not amend the terms of its respective employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements or any severance or similar agreements or arrangements in
existence on the date hereof, or adopt any new employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements or any severance or similar agreements or arrangements except as contemplated by Section 5.1 or
Section 5.4 or the Merger Agreement;


shall
not enter into any loan agreement of any type, including without limitation letters of credit, guarantees or otherwise;


shall
not enter into any contract or agreement of any type that exceeds six months in length or which involves the payment by the Company of more than
$10,000 for any individual contract or agreement, and in no case more than $100,000 for the aggregate of all such contracts and agreements (in every case, irrespective of the length of time for
payment under such contracts and agreements);


shall
not make any tax election or settle or compromise any tax liability;


shall
not grant, confer or award any monetary or non-monetary bonus;


shall
not settle, compromise or otherwise terminate any litigation, claim or other settlement negotiation;


shall
not fail to maintain insurance under the same terms and conditions as it currently maintains; and


shall
not agree, propose, resolve or plan to do any of the above, in writing or otherwise, to take any of the actions described in bullet point 5 through
18 above or take any action which would make any representation or warranty in the Merger Agreement untrue or incorrect. 

    Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance.
  The Merger Agreement requires that the Surviving Corporation shall
keep in effect in its bylaws provisions for a period of not less than two years from
the Effective Time (or until the resolution of certain matters) that provide for exculpation of director and officer liability and indemnification (and advancement of expenses related thereto) of the
past and present officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, as set forth therein, which provisions shall not be amended except as required by applicable law or except to make changes
permitted by law that would enhance the rights of past or present officers and directors to indemnification or advancement of expenses (though such enhancing changes are not required by this 

provision), and shall observe the indemnification agreements existing in favor of past and present officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

    The
Merger Agreement also requires the Surviving Corporation or Parent to maintain in effect for six (6) years from the Effective Time the Company's and its subsidiaries'
current directors' and officers' liability insurance policies (or provide substantially similar coverage within a new policy) covering those persons who are currently covered by such policies with
respect to actions or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, the Surviving Corporation shall not be required to expend in any one year an amount in excess of 150% of the
annual premiums currently paid by the Company and its subsidiaries for such insurance coverage, and, provided, further, that if the annual premiums of such insurance coverage exceed such amount, the
Surviving Corporation shall obtain policies with the optimum coverage (in Parent's reasonable and good faith judgment) available for a cost not exceeding such amount. 

    Nonsolicitation Obligations and Exceptions.
  (a) The Company shall not, nor shall it authorize or permit any of its
directors, officers or employees or any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other representative retained by it to, directly or indirectly through another person,
(i) solicit, initiate or encourage, or take any other action designed to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal which constitutes or could reasonably lead to any Takeover
Proposal (as defined below), (ii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Takeover Proposal, (iii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Takeover Proposal
(active or potential), or (iv) provide any nonpublic information or otherwise cooperate in any manner with, or assist or participate or encourage, any Takeover Proposal. Notwithstanding these
prohibitions (prior to the acceptance for payment of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, the Company may in response to an unsolicited Takeover Proposal that did not result from the breach
of Section 5.8 of the Merger Agreement and following delivery to the Parent of notice of the Takeover Proposal in compliance with its obligations under Section 5.8(d) of the Merger
Agreement), the Company may participate in discussions or negotiations with or furnish information (pursuant to a confidentiality agreement with terms no less favorable to the Company than those
contained in the confidentiality agreement between the Company and the Parent) to any third party which makes a bona fide written Takeover Proposal if (A) a majority of the Company's Board of
Directors reasonably determines in good faith (after consultation with TM Capital Corp. or another independent, nationally recognized investment bank) that taking such action would or would be
reasonably likely to lead to the delivery to the Company of a Superior Proposal (as defined below) and (B) a majority of the Company's Board of Directors determines in good faith (after
receiving consultation with its outside legal counsel) that it is necessary to take such action(s) in order to comply with its fiduciary duties under the DGCL and other applicable law. 

"Takeover Proposal"
 means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any third party relating to any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of all or any
substantial portion of the Business, assets or any equity securities of the
Company (by tender offer, exchange offer, stockholder merger vote or any other business combination). 
"Superior Proposal"
 means a bona fide written
Takeover Proposal made by a third party on terms which a majority of the Company's Board of Directors determines in good faith (after consultation with an independent, nationally recognized investment
bank) to be materially more favorable from a financial point of view to the Company stockholders (taking into account, among other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the
proposal and identity of the offeror) as compared to the transactions contemplated hereby in response to such proposal, which is reasonably capable of being consummated. 

    (b) The
Company shall not discuss or negotiate with any third party (other than the Parent) any Acquisition Proposal, except that the Company shall use its best efforts
to cause any such parties in possession of confidential information about the Company that was furnished by or on behalf of the Company in connection with any Acquisition Proposal to return or destroy
all such information in the possession of any such person or in the possession of any agent of any such person. The Company 

agrees not to release any third party from, or waive any provisions of, any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which it is a party. The Company shall ensure that its officers, directors and
employees and any investment banking firm or other advisor or representative retained by it are aware of and instructed to comply with the restrictions described in this "Nonsolicitation Obligations
and Exceptions" section. The Company or its Board of Directors may take and disclose to the Company's stockholders a position with respect to an Acquisition Proposal by a third party to the extent
required under the Exchange Act, including Rules 14e-2 and 14d-9 thereunder or from making such disclosure to the Company's stockholders which, based on the advice of
the Company's outside legal counsel, is required under applicable law; provided that nothing in this sentence shall affect the obligations of the Company and its Board of Directors under any other
provisions of the Merger Agreement. 

    (c) Subject
to the fiduciary obligations of the Company's Board of Directors in responding to a Superior Proposal, neither the Company's Board of Directors nor any
committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to the Parent or the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, the approval or
recommendation by such Board of Directors or such committee of the Offer, the Merger or this Agreement, (ii) approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any Takeover
Proposal, or (iii) cause the Company to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, definitive agreement or other similar agreement related to any Takeover Proposal. 

    (d) The
Company is required to advise the Parent orally and in writing within 24 hours of any request for information or of any Takeover Proposal, the material
terms and conditions of such request or Takeover Proposal and the identity of the person making such request or Takeover Proposal. The Company will keep the Parent reasonably informed of the status
and details (including amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request or Takeover Proposal on a daily basis or more frequently as may be reasonably requested by the Parent. 

    Filing and Approvals.
  Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Company and the Parent are
required to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with one another in (i) determining whether any filings are required to be made with, or consents, permits, authorizations or approvals are
required to be obtained from, any third party or any governmental authority in connection with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by it, and (ii) timely making all such filings and timely seeking all such consents, permits, authorizations or approvals, and (iii) taking or causing to be taken, all other actions and
all other things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including, without limitation, taking all such further action as
reasonably may be necessary to resolve such objections, if any, as the SEC, federal and state antitrust regulatory authorities, state anti-takeover regulatory authorities or other
governmental authorities of any jurisdiction or any other person may assert under relevant laws with respect to the transactions in the Merger Agreement. See Section 16, "Certain Regulatory and
Legal Matters" regarding action by the Parent and the Company with respect to applicable state takeover laws. 

    Employee Benefit Plans.
  (a) The Company's Board of Directors (or a duly appointed committee), prior to or as of the
Effective Time, shall take all necessary actions, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of each of the Company's stock option plans (the 
"Stock Option
Plans"
) and the instruments evidencing the Options, to amend such instruments so that all Excluded Options and all Included Options which have not vested as of the Effective
Time shall forever be canceled and terminated in accordance with the requirements set forth in "Stock Options and Warrants" above. Without limitation of the foregoing and with regard to any Stock
Option Plans, prior to the time that the Shares are accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer, the Company shall cause each optionee holding an Option under each Stock Option Plan to execute an
agreement which will allow the Options held by such optionee, which will not otherwise terminate in accordance with their times at the time set forth in 

"Stock Options and Warrants" above, to be cancelled in the manner set forth in "Stock Options and Warrants" above. 

    (b) Each
of the Company's employee benefit plans and employee group welfare benefit plans of every type excluding the RIF Plan as provided in (d) of "Employee
Benefit Plans" below, including the Stock Option Plans, 401(k) plan, retirement/pension plans and health and life insurance programs shall be terminated on or prior to the Effective Time. Participants
in the Company' 401(k) plan that become employed by the Parent following the Closing Date shall: (i) have the option to roll over their 401(k) accounts (to the extent permitted thereby) into
the Parent 401(k) plan and to participate in such plan thereafter pursuant to its terms, and (ii) be entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans and employee group welfare benefit
plans of the Parent that are generally available to all employees of the Parent, on terms and conditions applicable to other employees of the Parent generally, as set forth in the Parent employee
benefit plans, provided, that this provision shall not be deemed to require the Parent to hire (or the Company to retain after the Closing Date) all or any employees of the Company. 

    (c) To
the extent permitted by the Parent's employee benefit plans and applicable law, and as consistent with (b) of "Employee Benefit Plans" above, the Parent
will give former Company employees who are employed by Parent as of the Closing Date full credit for purposes of eligibility and vesting, benefit accrual and determination of the level of benefits
under any employee benefit plans or arrangements maintained by the Parent (but not with respect to Options, Stock Option Plans and all related equity ownership matters), for such former Company
employees' service with the Company to the same extent recognized by the Company immediately prior to the Effective Date, provided, that Parent shall not be required to offer or provide any type or
level of benefits that are not offered or otherwise exceed the provisions of Parent's existing employee benefit plans. 

    (d) With
respect to any former Company employee who becomes employed by Parent following the Closing, Parent shall be bound to honor and perform the obligations arising
out of the Cidco Incorporated Reduction-In-Force Pay Plan (the "
RIF Plan"
), as adopted by the Company, for a period of six
(6) months following the Closing Date on the behalf of such former Company employees, if any of the conditions set forth in the RIF Plan occur within such six (6) month period. 

    Employment Agreements.
  The Merger Agreement provides that prior to or as of the Effective Time, the Company will
terminate the employment agreements of certain employees specified by Parent pursuant to the terms and conditions of each such employee's employment agreement. 

    Additional Reports.
  The Merger Agreement requires that the Company furnish the Parent copies of any reports it files
with the SEC after October 17, 2001. As of the date of any such filing, the Company represents and warrants that such reports will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statement not misleading. Any unaudited consolidated interim financial statements included in such reports (including any related notes and schedules) will
present fairly the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and changes in financial position or other information included therein for the periods or as
of the date then ended (subject, where appropriate, to normal year-end adjustments), in each case in accordance with past practice and generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied during the periods involved (except as otherwise disclosed in the notes thereto). 

    Assignment and Assumption Agreement.
  The Company and the other parties to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement are
required under the Merger Agreement to take all the actions and make all the payments and receive all the payments within three (3) business days after October 17, 2001, and the Company
shall use its best efforts to enforce its rights under such agreement. The Company is required to keep the Company informed on a timely basis of the status of such arrangements and payments between
the parties to the agreement, and of any changes in such status. 

    Additional Covenants.
  The Merger Agreement contains certain other additional covenants and agreements, including with
respect to (i) the issuances of press releases and other public statements regarding the transactions related to the Merger Agreement, (ii) the notice obligations of the parties with
respect to the occurrence of any events or a breach of the Merger Agreement by either party which would likely result in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement not to be satisfied,
(iii) the obligations of the Company and the Parent to cooperate and communicate in good faith on, among other things, to take all actions and execute all agreements reasonably required to
carry out and consummate the actions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including, in the event a Long-Form Merger is required, and (iv) the preparation and filing of a proxy
statement and proxy solicitation materials with the SEC. 

    Termination.
  The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time (notwithstanding any
approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Company): 

(i)
by
mutual written consent of the Company and the Parent;

(ii)
by
either the Company or the Parent, if the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before February 28, 2002, or in the event of a
Long-Form Merger on or before May 31, 2002; provided, however, that such termination right will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation or breach of
any of its representations and warranties under the Merger Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time of the Merger to occur on or before such date;

(iii)
by
either the Company or the Parent, if the Minimum Condition is not satisfied (subject to any Offer Period Extensions);

(iv)
by
either the Company or the Parent, if any applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, executive order or ordinance of any type shall have been
enacted, entered or promulgated prohibiting the consummation of the Merger as contemplated by the Merger Agreement or an injunction is entered permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
prohibiting the consummation of the Merger as contemplated by the Merger Agreement and such injunction becomes final and non-appealable;

(v)
by
the Company, if the Parent breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in the
Merger Agreement in any material respect (except for those representations, warranties or covenants that are qualified as to materiality or knowledge, in which case they shall be true and correct and
performed in all respects), provided, that the Company shall provide the Parent with written notice of such claimed breach and a thirty (30) day calendar period after such notice to cure any
such breach;

(vi)
by
the Company, if the Company receives a Takeover Proposal that its Board of Directors by vote or resolution determines is a Superior Proposal, or
if the Company enters into a definitive agreement with respect to any Superior Proposal, provided in all cases that the Company has otherwise complied with all its obligations under Sections 5.8 and
7.2 of the Merger Agreement, including without limitation payment to the Parent of the Termination Fee as provided in Section 7.2 of the Merger Agreement prior to or simultaneous with such
termination by the Company;

(vii)
by
the Parent, if the Company shall have breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements
contained in the Merger Agreement in any material respect (except for those representations, warranties or covenants that are qualified as to materiality or knowledge, in which case they shall be true
and correct and performed in all respects), provided, that the Parent shall provide the Company with 

written
notice of such claimed breach and a thirty (30) day calendar period after such notice to cure such breach; 

(viii)
by
the Parent, if the Company's Board of Directors have: (A) withdrawn, materially amended or modified in any respect adversely to the
Parent its recommendation and/or support of the Offer and/or the Merger in any manner (including by amending the Schedule 14D-9), (B) approved or recommended any Takeover
Proposal from any party other than the Parent, (C) failed to timely mail its Schedule 14D-9 to the Company stockholders, or (D) resolved or proposed to do any of the
above;

(ix)
by
the Parent, if, in response to any tender offer or exchange offer for the Common Stock or any public announcement thereof, the Company and its
Board of Directors fails to fully and unconditionally recommend rejection of such offer within five (5) business days thereafter, or resolves to support such other offer; and

(x)
if
the Company breaches in any respect any provision of its obligations described above in "Nonsolicitation Obligations and Exceptions," or if the
Company enters into any definitive agreement with respect to any Takeover Proposal. 

    Except
as described below under "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementTermination Fee; Expenses," in the event of the termination of the Merger
Agreement, the Merger Agreement (other than Sections 7.2 (regarding termination fees), 7.3 (regarding effect of termination), 8.4 (regarding governing law), 8.5 (regarding notices), 8.7 (regarding
severability), and 8.9 (regarding section headings), of the Merger Agreement) shall become null and void, without any current or future liability or obligation on the part of any party to the Merger
Agreement or any of their respective officers or directors to the other parties, and all rights and obligations of any party hereto shall cease, except for a
party's breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in the Merger Agreement. 

Termination Fee; Expenses.  

    (a) If
the Merger Agreement is terminated by the Company or the Parent pursuant to the following provisions set forth in "Termination" above: (ii) (if terminated
thereunder by the Parent), (iii), (vii), (viii), (ix) or (x), then the Company shall promptly pay the Parent a fee equal to Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000), plus reimbursement of all
of the Parent's actual fees and expenses incurred in connection with this transaction (collectively, the 
"Termination Fee"
), provided, however, that if
the Parent terminates the Merger Agreement pursuant to (vii) in "Termination" above, and the Company also terminates the Merger Agreement pursuant to (v) in "Termination" above, the
Parent shall be entitled to the Termination Fee, provided further, that if the termination is pursuant to (iii) in "Termination" above, such fee shall be payable only if (x) a Takeover
Proposal shall be pending and not withdrawn on the date of such termination, and (y) within twelve (12) months after the date of termination of the Merger Agreement, the Company shall
have consummated (or entered into an agreement to consummate) an Alternative Transaction with the party making such Takeover Proposal. An 
"Alternative
Transaction"
 means (i) a merger, share exchange or other business combination or transaction in which more than 50% of the Common Stock or all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company are acquired, or (ii) any acquisition from the stockholders of the Company, by tender offer, exchange offer or otherwise, of more than 50% of the outstanding Common
Stock. The payment of the Termination Fee will be a condition to the consummation of the Alternative Transaction. 

    (b) Payment
of the Termination Fee must be made prior to or simultaneous with the notice of termination from the Company to the Parent (and for expense reimbursement,
within one (1) business day following receipt of a statement for such expenses from the Parent). If the Company fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Merger
Agreement, and, in order to obtain such payment, the Parent commences a suit which results in a judgment against the Company for the fee set 

forth in Section 7.2 of the Merger Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Parent its costs and expenses in connection with such suit, together with interest on the amount of the fee. 

    Other
than as set forth above, the Merger Agreement provides that, whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby (including without limitation legal, accounting and financial advisory fees and expenses) shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses, except
that (a) the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the printing, filing with the SEC and mailing of the Offer Documents, Schedule 14D-9 and proxy materials
(including any preliminary materials thereto) including
any amendments or supplements thereto, shall be shared equally by the Parent and the Company, and (b) all transfer taxes shall be paid by the Company. 

    Amendments, Extensions and Waivers.
  The Merger Agreement may be amended by the parties by action taken by or on behalf
of their respective Board of Directors at any time prior to the Effective Time, provided, that after stockholder approval (if required), no amendment shall be made that, under the DGCL, requires prior
stockholder approval. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties to the Merger Agreement may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the
other parties thereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of any party contained therein or in any document delivered pursuant thereto, and (c) waive
compliance by any other party with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein; provided, however, that after the Company stockholder approval for the Merger is obtained, there may not be,
without further approval of such stockholders, any extension or waiver of the Merger Agreement or any portion thereof which reduces the amount or changes the form of the consideration to be delivered
to the holders of Shares hereunder other than as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the party or
parties to be bound thereby. 

    Assignment under Merger Agreement.
  Neither the Company nor the Parent nor the Offeror may assign the Merger Agreement
or any of its rights, interests and obligations under the Merger Agreement without the prior written consent of the other parties. 

Voting Agreements  

    In connection with the Merger Agreement, the Parent and the Offeror entered into Voting Agreements with the Company Stockholders. Pursuant to the terms of the
Voting Agreements, the Company Stockholders will vote and tender their Shares pursuant to the terms of the Voting Agreements. 

    The
Company Stockholders also must take certain actions, including, but not limited to, the following: 


tender
to the Parent or the Offeror, or cause to be tendered, all of their Shares in accordance with the Voting Agreement prior to the Expiration Date;


in
the event of a withdrawal of any Company Stockholder's Shares in the Offer, an immediate re-tender of such Shares to the Parent or the
Offeror prior to the Expiration Date;


vote
in the manner directed by the Parent with respect to any and all matters directly or indirectly related to the acquisition of the Company by the
Parent;


vote
against any other mergers, recapitalizations, business combinations, sales of assets, liquidations or similar transactions involving the Company, or
any other matters which would be inconsistent with the Parent's intended acquisition of the Company;


revoke
any and all previous proxies with respect to any Shares, and grant to the Parent and such individuals or corporations as the Parent may designate an
irrevocable proxy to vote all the 

Shares
owned by such Company Stockholder in accordance with the Voting Agreement on any matters which may be presented to stockholders of the Company with respect to any and all matters related to the
acquisition of the Company by the Parent or any other mergers, recapitalizations, business combinations, sales of assets, liquidations or similar transactions involving the Company, and any other
matters which would be inconsistent with the Parent's proposed acquisition of the Company; and 


execute
such additional documents as the Parent may reasonably request to effectuate its voting rights under their Voting Agreements. 

    The
Company Stockholders have also agreed that they: 


will
not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, hypothecate, cause to be redeemed or repurchased or otherwise dispose of the Shares (except in the
Tender Offer or to the Parent);


will
not grant any other proxy, power of attorney or interest in or with respect to the Shares, and


will
not enter into any other voting agreement with respect to the Shares, at any time prior to the date this letter agreement is terminated in accordance
with its terms. 

    The
aforementioned obligations in the Voting Agreements apply to each Company Stockholder's Shares owned as of October 17, 2001 or thereafter acquired prior to any termination
of the Voting Agreement. The Voting Agreements may be terminated at any time (i) by mutual written consent of the parties, (ii) by either party after the Expiration Date, or
(iii) by either party after termination of the Merger Agreement, provided, however, the above termination rights are not available to a party whose breach of any obligation under that certain
Voting Agreement caused or resulted in the failure of the transactions contemplated by such Voting Agreement. 

Stock Option Agreement  

    In connection with the Merger Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the Parent's willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Company and the
Parent entered into a stock option agreement (the 
"Stock Option Agreement"
) pursuant to which the Parent has the option to purchase up to 19.9% of the
Company's issued and outstanding shares of common stock, all subject to the terms and conditions described below, among others. 

    The
option granted under the Stock Option Agreement may only be exercised if one of the following events occurs: 


the
Merger Agreement is terminated by the Parent because (i) the Company breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements in any material respect and fails to cure such after thirty days notice thereof; (ii) the Company's Board of Directors shall have, (w) withdrawn, materially
amended or modified in any respect adversely to the Parent its recommendation and/or support of the Offer and/or the Merger in any manner, (x) approved or recommended any Takeover Proposal from
another party other than the Parent, (y) failed to timely mail its Schedule 14D-9 to the Company stockholders, or (z) resolved or proposed to do (w), (x) or
(y); (iii) in response to any tender offer or exchange offer or public announcement thereof, the Company and its Board of Directors fails to reject the offer within five days thereafter or
resolve to support such other offer; or (iv) if the Company breaches its obligations described above in "Nonsolicitation Obligations and Exceptions" or enters into any definitive agreement with
respect to any Takeover Proposal;


the
Merger Agreement is terminated by the Company because (i) the Company receives a Takeover Proposal that the Company's Board of Directors
determines constitutes a Superior Proposal; or (ii) the Company enters into a definitive agreement with respect to any Superior 

Proposal,
provided in all cases the Company has otherwise complied with its obligations described above in "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementNonsolicitation
Obligations and Exceptions" and "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementTermination Fee; Expenses"; 


the
Merger Agreement is terminated and a termination fee becomes payable under the terms of the Merger Agreement. See "The Transaction
DocumentsThe Merger AgreementTermination" and "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementTermination Fee; Expenses" above for a more detailed
description of the circumstances under which the Merger Agreement may be terminated or a termination fee becomes payable; or


the
stockholders of the Company do not approve the Merger Agreement. 

    The
Parent will have 90 days from the occurrence of one of these events to give notice of its decision to exercise its option. The option will expire if it is not exercised
before: 


the
Offeror is merged with and into the Company; or


twenty-four
months pass after the occurrence of an event that makes the option exercisable. 

    The
exercise price under the Stock Option Agreement is $0.36 per share. Shares subject to the option will be adjusted to account for stock dividends, stock splits, mergers, share
exchanges and the like. Accordingly, the option exercise price will be adjusted to account for stock dividends, stock splits, mergers, share exchanges or the like by multiplying the exercise price by
a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number of shares subject to the option prior to the event requiring adjustment and the denominator of which is equal to the number of shares that are
subject to the option following the event requiring the adjustment. For example, if the Parent could have purchased 1,000 shares under the option for $0.36 per share and the party granting the option
engages in a 3-for-1 stock split, the number of shares subject to the option will become 3,000 and the new exercise price will be $0.36 multiplied by 

/

, or
$0.12 per share. 

    If
the Parent exercises the option, it has the right to cause the Company to register the shares of common stock that it purchases under the Securities Act of 1933, so long as the
shares to be registered equal at least 2% of the outstanding shares of the Company on a fully diluted basis. The Parent has no right to cause the registration of any shares of common stock that may be
sold under Rule 144(k) of the Securities Act of 1933, which generally permits sales of securities by persons who have not been affiliated with the issuer of those securities for at least three
months prior to the sale, so long as at least two years have passes since the securities were acquired from the issuer or one of its affiliates. 

14.  Dividends and Distributions.  

    For a discussion of the restrictions imposed by the Merger Agreement on the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions,
see Section 13, "The Transaction DocumentsThe Merger AgreementConduct of Company's Business Pending Merger." 

15.  Certain Conditions to Offeror's Obligations.  

    Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, the Offeror is not required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to the Offeror's obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly after expiration or termination of the
Offer), to pay for any Shares tendered unless the following conditions have been satisfied: (i) there have been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the time the Offer shall otherwise
expire a number of Shares which constitutes greater than fifty percent (50%) of Shares outstanding at the time Shares are accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer; and (ii) none 

of the following events occurs at any time on or after the date of the Merger Agreement and before acceptance for payment of, or payment for, such Shares: 

    (a) any
governmental authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or other
order which is in effect and which (i) materially restricts, prevents or prohibits consummation of the Offer or the Merger or results in the obligation to pay damages as a result of or in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement in amounts that would have an adverse effect on the Company or the Company's business, (ii) prohibits or limits the
ownership or operation by the Company, the Parent or any of their subsidiaries (including, without limitation, the Offeror) of all or any material portion of the business or assets of the Company or
compels the Company, the Parent, or any of their subsidiaries (including, without limitation, the Offeror) to dispose of or hold separate all or any material portion of their business or assets,
(iii) imposes limitations on the ability of the Parent, the Offeror or any other affiliate of the Parent to acquire or hold, or to exercise effectively full rights of ownership of, any Shares,
including, without limitation, the right to vote any Shares acquired pursuant to the Offer, or (iv) requires divestitures by the Parent, the Offeror or any other affiliate thereof of any
Shares; 

    (b) any
of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct in all material respects (except for those
representations or warranties that are qualified as to materiality or knowledge, in which case they shall be true and correct in all respects) as if such representations and warranties were made at
the time of such determination (except as to any such representation or warranty which speaks as of a specific date, which must be untrue or incorrect as of such specific date); 

    (c) the
Company shall have failed to perform and comply in all material respects with all obligations, agreements and covenants necessary to be performed or complied
with by the Company; provided that the Rights Agreement shall have been amended so that the Rights Agreement will terminate immediately prior to the closing of the Offer; 

    (d) the
Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms; 

    (e) the
Board of Directors of the Company shall have (i) withdrawn or modified its recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger, or
(ii) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have approved, recommended, or accepted a Takeover Proposal; 

    (f)  other
than the filing of the Certificate of Merger with respect to the Merger as provided for by Section 2.3 of the Merger Agreement, fewer than all
material licenses, permits, authorizations, consents, orders, qualifications or approvals of, or declarations or filings with, or expirations of waiting periods imposed by, any governmental authority
requisite to consummate the Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby, shall have been filed, occurred or been obtained, as the case may be; 

    (g) it
shall have been publicly disclosed or the Offeror shall have otherwise learned that any person or "group" (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act), other than the Parent or its affiliates or any group of which any of them is a member, shall have, following the date of the Merger Agreement (i) acquired beneficial ownership (determined
pursuant to Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than 5% of Common Stock or shall have been granted an option, right or warrant, conditional or otherwise, to
obtain more than 5% of any class or series of capital stock of the Company (including, without limitation, the Common Stock); or (ii) without the prior consent of the Parent, entered into any
binding agreement or understanding with a third party with respect to (A) a merger, consolidation or other business combination with, or acquisition of a material portion of the assets of, the
Company, or (B) a tender or exchange offer for the Shares; or 

    (h) there
shall have occurred and be continuing (i) any general suspension of trading in securities on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange
or the Nasdaq National Market, 

(ii) the declaration of a banking moratorium or any suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United States, (iii) any direct or indirect limitation (whether or not mandatory) by
a United States Governmental Authority on the extension of credit by banks or other financial institutions (iv) a change in banking, general financial or capital market conditions which
materially and adversely affects the ability of financial institutions in the United States to extend credit or syndicate loans, or (v) in the case of any of the foregoing existing on the date
of the Merger Agreement, a material change, accelerating or worsening thereof. 

    The
foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of the Offeror and the Parent and, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, may be asserted by the Offeror regardless of the
circumstances giving rise to any such condition or may be waived by the Offeror and/or the Parent, in whole or in part, from time to time in its sole discretion, except as otherwise provided in the
Merger Agreement. The failure by the Offeror and/or the Parent at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be
deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right and may be asserted at any time and from time to time. 

16.  Certain Regulatory and Legal Matters.  

    Except as described in this Section 16, based on a review of publicly available filings made by the Company with the SEC and other publicly available
information concerning the Company, as well as certain representations made to the Parent and the Offeror in the Merger Agreement by the Company, neither the Parent nor the Offeror is aware of any
material pending legal proceedings relating to the Offer, nor of any regulatory requirements which must be complied with or regulatory approvals which must be obtained in connection with the Offer, in
each case which would be material to a stockholder's decision whether to sell, tender or hold the Shares. Should compliance with any such regulatory requirement or the obtaining of any such regulatory
approval be required, the Parent and the Offeror currently contemplate that they would seek to comply with such requirement or obtain such permit, except as described below under "Certain Regulatory
and Legal MattersState Takeover Laws," but the Offeror does not presently intend to delay the acceptance for payment of, or payment for, the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer pending
the outcome of any such matter, subject, however, to the Offeror's right to decline to purchase Shares if any of the Offer Conditions shall not have been satisfied. There can be no assurance that, if
necessary, any such requirement would be complied with or approval be obtained, or would be complied with or obtained without substantial conditions, or that adverse consequences might not result to
the Company's business or that certain parts of the Company's business might not have to be disposed of if any such requirement was not complied with or approval obtained, and in certain such events
the Offeror could decline to accept for payment, or pay for, any Shares tendered. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Offeror's Obligations." 

    Antitrust.
  Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended
(
"HSR Act"
), and the rules that have been promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission
(
"FTC"
), certain acquisition transactions may not be consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the Antitrust Division of the United
States Department of Justice (the 
"Antitrust Division"
) and the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. Neither the acquisition
of Shares by Offeror pursuant to the Offer nor the Merger, nor any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Voting Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement, is subject to such
requirements. 

    Federal Reserve Board Regulations.
  Federal Reserve Board Regulations T, U and X promulgated by the Federal Reserve
Board place restrictions on the amount of credit that may be extended for the purpose of purchasing margin stock (including Shares) if such credit is secured directly or indirectly by margin stock.
Because no borrowings secured by margin stock will be borrowed in order to finance the Offer, the Parent and the Offeror believe that such regulations are not applicable to the Offer. 

    State Takeover Laws.
  A number of states throughout the United States have enacted takeover statutes that purport, in
varying degrees, to be applicable to attempts to acquire securities of corporations that are incorporated or have assets, stockholders, executive offices or places of business in such states. In 

Edgar v. MITE
Corp
., the Supreme Court of the United States held that the Illinois Business Takeover Act, which involved state securities laws that made
the takeover of certain corporations more difficult, imposed a substantial burden on interstate commerce and therefore was unconstitutional. However, in 1987, in 
CTS Corp. v.
Dynamics Corp. of America
, the Supreme Court held that a state may, as a matter of corporate law and, in particular, with respect to those laws concerning corporate governance,
constitutionally disqualify a potential acquirer from voting on the affairs of a target corporation without prior approval of the remaining stockholders, provided that such laws were applicable only
under certain conditions. In that case, the law of the State of Indiana before the Supreme Court was by its terms applicable only to corporations that had a substantial number of stockholders in the
state and were incorporated there. 

    The
Company's principal place of business is in California, which has enacted takeover laws. However, except as set forth below, the Offeror does not know whether the takeover laws of
California or any other state will, by their terms, apply to the Offer or the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement or the Voting
Agreements, and neither the Parent nor the Offeror has attempted to comply with any such laws. 

    As
a Delaware corporation, the Company is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL (
"Section 203"
). In general,
Section 203 would prevent an "interested stockholder" (generally defined as a person beneficially owning 15% or more of a corporation's voting stock) from engaging in a "business combination"
(as defined in Section 203) with a Delaware corporation for three years following the date such person becomes an interested stockholder unless: (i) before such person became an
interested stockholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved the transaction in which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder or approved the business combination,
(ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the interested stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of
the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares of outstanding stock held by directors who are also officers and by
employee stock plans that do not allow plan participants to determine confidentially whether to tender shares), or (iii) following the transaction in which such person became an interested
stockholder, the business combination is (x) approved by the board of directors of the corporation and (y) authorized at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a least 66

/

% of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation not owned by the interested stockholder. In accordance with the provisions of Section 203, since the
Company's Board of Directors has approved the Merger Agreement, the Voting Agreements, and the Stock Option Agreement, the restrictions of Section 203 are inapplicable to the Merger and the
transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase regarding certain approvals by the Company's Board of Directors. 

    Company
is party to the Rights Agreement which contains certain anti-takeover provisions. See Section 13, "The Transaction Documents-The Merger
Agreement-Representations and Warranties" regarding Company's representations with respect to the Rights Agreement. Company has entered into that certain First Amendment to Rights Agreement effective
as of October 17, 2001 and that certain Second Amendment to Rights Agreement effective as of October 25, 2001 (together, the 

"Amendments"
). The Amendments amend certain terms of the Rights
Agreement in order to expressly
exclude the Offer and the Merger from the anti-takeover provisions of the Rights Agreement. See Section 15, "Conditions to Offeror's Obligations." 

    Under
the Merger Agreement, if any "fair price," "interested stockholder," "control share acquisition" or other form of state takeover law (California, Delaware or otherwise) is or
shall become 

applicable to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, each of the Company and the Parent and the members of their respective Boards of Directors shall grant such approvals and take such
actions as are reasonably necessary so that the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by the Merger Agreement and
otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of such statute or regulation on such transactions. Further, the Company's Board of Directors has resolved to elect not to be subject to and not to
cause Company to avail itself of any state takeover law that may be applicable to the Offer, the Merger or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has taken all necessary or
appropriate steps to render any of the provisions of California or Delaware law concerning transactions with interested stockholders inapplicable to the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Offer and the Merger. 

    If
it is asserted that the takeover laws of any state are applicable to the Offer or the Merger, and an appropriate court does not determine that it is inapplicable or invalid as
applied to the Offer or the Merger, the Offeror might be required to file certain information with, or receive approvals from, the relevant state authorities. In addition, the Offeror might be unable
(pursuant to such laws or an injunction ordered thereunder) to accept for payment, or pay for, any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, or be delayed in continuing or consummating the Offer and the
Merger. In such case, the Offeror may not be obligated to accept for payment, or pay for, any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Offeror's
Obligations." 

17.  Fees and Expenses.  

    Except as described in this Section 17, neither the Offeror nor the Parent (i) will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other
person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer or (ii) has directly or indirectly employed, retained or agreed to compensate any person to make solicitations or recommendations
in connection with the Offer. Brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies will, upon request, be reimbursed by the Offeror for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in
forwarding material to their customers. 

    The
Offeror and the Parent have retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. as Information Agent and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company as Depositary in connection with the
Offer. The Information Agent and the Depositary will receive reasonable and customary compensation for their services and
reimbursement for their out-of-pocket expenses in the Offer. The Depositary will also be indemnified by the Offeror against certain liabilities and expenses in connection with
the Offer, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws. 

18.  Miscellaneous.  

    The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of, holders of Shares residing in any jurisdiction in which the making or
acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. Neither the Parent nor the Offeror is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the tender of
Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. If the Parent or the Offeror becomes aware of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer
or the acceptance of Shares pursuant thereto in such state, the Offeror will make a good-faith effort to comply with such state statute. If, after such good faith effort, the Offeror
cannot comply with any such statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) the holders of Shares in such state. In any jurisdiction where the securities,
blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of the Offeror by one or more registered brokers or dealers which are
licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

No person has been authorized to give any information or make any representation on behalf of the Parent or the Offeror other than as contained in this Offer
to Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal, and, if any such information or representation is given or made, it should not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Offeror or the Parent.
Neither the delivery of this Offer to Purchase nor any purchase pursuant to the Offer shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Parent
or the Company since the date as of which information is furnished or the date of this Offer to Purchase.

    The
Parent and the Offeror have filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO, pursuant to Section 14(d)(1) of the Exchange Act and
Rule 14d-3(a)(1) thereunder, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer, and may file amendments thereto. In addition, the Company has filed with the SEC
the Schedule 14D-9, together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, setting forth its recommendation of the Company Board of Directors with
respect to the Offer and the reasons for such recommendation of the Company Board of Directors and furnishing certain additional related information. Copies of such documents and any amendments
thereto, including exhibits, should be available for inspection and copies should be obtainable at the same places and in the same manner as set forth with respect to the Company in Section 8,
"Certain Information Concerning the Company" (except that they may not be available at the regional offices of the SEC). 

EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.

October 31,

ANNEX I

    Business and Background Information    

    The following is the business and background information for each of the members of the Board of Directors and executive officers of EarthLink, Inc.
Messrs. Betty and McQuary serve as members of the Board of Directors of EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. Mr. Betty serves as its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. McQuary as its
President, Mr. Adrean as its chief financial officer and Mr. DeSimone as its secretary. The names and ages of each of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and
their present principal occupations or employment and employment history are set forth below. Unless otherwise indicated, each individual is a citizen of the United States. His or her business address
is 1375 Peachtree Street, NW, Atlanta Georgia 30309, and his or her telephone number is (404) 815-0700. 

Name

Age

Position

Sky D. Dayton

Chairman of the Board of Directors

Charles G. Betty

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Michael S. McQuary

President and Director

Austin M. Beutner

Director

Robert M. Kavner

Director

Linwood A. Lacy, Jr.

Director

Dr. Robert M. Metcalfe

Director

S. Marce Fuller

Director

Lee Adrean

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Linda Beck

Executive Vice President, Operations

Carter Calle

Executive Vice President, Call Center Operations

Samuel R. DeSimone, Jr.

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Karen Gough

Executive Vice President, Marketing

William S. Heys

Executive Vice President, Sales

Jon M. Irwin

Executive Vice President, Member Experience

Michael C. Lunsford

Executive Vice President, Brand Strategy

Veronica J. Murdock

Executive Vice President, Acquisitions and Integrations

Gregory J. Stromberg

Executive Vice President, Employee Services

Lance Weatherby

Executive Vice President, EarthLink Everywhere

Brinton O. C. Young

Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy

    Mr. Dayton
is our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Founder of EarthLink. Mr. Dayton has served as our Chairman since August 2000. Mr. Dayton served
as Chairman of the Board of Directors of EarthLink Network from its inception in May 1994 until its merger with MindSpring in February 2000, and served as its Chief Executive Officer from
May 1994 until May 1996. From 1992 to 1993, he was co-owner of Dayton Walker Design. From 1991 to 1992, he served as director of marketing for new products at Executive
Software, a software company. From 1990 to 1994, Mr. Dayton co-owned Cafe Mocha and Joe Cafe, coffee houses in Los Angeles, California. Mr. Dayton is a co-founder
and member of the board of directors of eCompanies, a partner in eCompanies Venture Group and Evercore Ventures, and he serves on the boards of directors of Project Mammoth, Inc. and
Business.com, Inc. 

I1

    Mr. Betty is our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Betty served as President and as a director of EarthLink Network from
January 1996 and in May 1996 was named Chief Executive Officer of EarthLink Network, serving in each capacity until its merger with MindSpring. From February 1994 to
January 1996, Mr. Betty was a strategic planning consultant, advising Reply Corp., Perot Systems Corporation and Microdyne, Inc. From September 1989 to
February 1994, Mr. Betty served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Digital Communications Associates, Inc., a publicly traded network connectivity provider.
Mr. Betty serves on the board of directors of Elastic Networks Inc., a publicly traded company and provider of DSL products and services. 

    Mr. McQuary
is our President and a member of our Board of Directors. He served as the President of MindSpring from March 1996, the Chief Operating Officer from
September 1995 and a director from December 1995 until its merger with EarthLink Network. He also served as MindSpring's Executive Vice President from October 1995 to
March 1996 and MindSpring's Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing from July 1995 to September 1995. Prior to joining MindSpring, Mr. McQuary served in a variety
of management positions with Mobil Chemical Co., a petrochemical company, from August 1984 to June 1995, including regional sales manager from April 1991 to February 1994
and Manager of Operations (Reengineering) from February 1994 to June 1995. 

    Mr. Beutner
has served on our Board of Directors since April 2001. He is the President of Evercore Partners Inc., which he co-founded in 1996,
Co-Chairman of Evercore Capital Partners and Chief Executive Officer of Evercore Ventures. From 1994 to 1996, Mr. Beutner was President and Chief Executive Officer of The Russia
Investment Fund, a private investment company capitalized with $440 Million by the U.S. Government. Mr. Beutner serves on the Boards of Directors of American Media, Inc., Business.com,
Continental Energy Services, Inc., eCompanies LLC, Encoda Systems, Energy Partners, Ltd., Telenet Holding N.V. and Vertis, Inc. and as an Observer on the Board of Callahan
Associates International L.L.C. He also serves as Trustee of the California Institute of the Arts and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. 

    Mr. Kavner
has served on our Board of Directors since February 2001. He was a director of EarthLink Network, Inc. until the merger with MindSpring in
February 2000. Since 1995 Mr. Kavner has been a venture capital investor in Internet companies and in December 1998 he became a General Partner in Idealab, an incubator of
Internet companies. From September 1996 through December 1998 he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of On Command Corporation, a provider of on-demand video for
the hospitality industry. From 1984 to 1994, Mr. Kavner held several senior management positions at AT&T, including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer of
the Multimedia Products and Services Group, and Chairman of AT&T Venture Capital Group. Mr. Kavner also served as a member of AT&T's Executive Committee. Mr. Kavner serves as a director
of Fleet Financial Group, Ticketmaster Online-CitySearch, Inc., and GoTo.Com. 

    Mr. Lacy
has served on our Board of Directors since the merger of EarthLink Network and MindSpring, and was a member of the Board of Directors of EarthLink Network from
June 1996 until its merger with MindSpring. From October 1996 to October 1998, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Micro Warehouse Incorporated. From 1985 to
May 1996, he served as the Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ingram Micro, Inc., a microcomputer products distributor and a then wholly-owned subsidiary of Ingram
Industries Inc. From December 1993 to June 1995, Mr. Lacy was also President of Ingram Industries Inc. From June 1995 until April 1996, he was
President and Chief Executive Officer of Ingram Industries Inc., and from April 1996 to May 1996 served as its Vice Chairman. Mr. Lacy serves as a director of Ingram
Industries Inc., Entex Information Services, Inc., PcOrder.com and Modus Media International. 

    Dr. Metcalfe
has served on our Board of Directors since October 25, 2001. He is a venture partner in the Waltham office of Polaris Venture Partners, where he specializes
in Boston-area information 

I2

technology start-ups. From 1991 to 2000, Dr. Metcalfe served as Vice President of Technology at International Data Group (IDG), a leading technology media, research and event
company. During that time, Dr. Metcalfe also served as the Chief Executive Officer and Publisher of IDG's Infoworld Publishing Company, a family of resources and publications which provide
in-depth technical analysis on key products, solutions and technologies for sounds buying decisions and business gain. In addition to these positions, Dr. Metcalfe wrote an Internet column,
"From the Ether" for eight years, and has
written articles for various publications, including The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Wired Magazine, Forbes and American Spectator. 

    Ms. Fuller
has served on our Board of Directors since October 25, 2001. Ms. Fuller is president, CEO and director of Mirant, a top five U.S. marketer of power and
natural gas. Under Fuller's guidance, Mirant spun off from its parent, Southern Company, in April 2001, and completed the U.S. power sector's largest common stock offering in September of that
year. From 1994 to September 1997, Ms. Fuller served as the Vice President and later Senior Vice President of the North American division of Mirant. In September 1997, Ms. Fuller served as the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Mirant Americas Energy Marketing division of Mirant. In July 1999, Ms. Fuller was named President and CEO of Mirant, her current position. Ranked
fifth on Fortune's list of the 50 Most Powerful Women in Business, Ms. Fuller serves on the Board of Directors of Curtiss-Wright Corp., and is a supervisory Board member of Bewag AG. She is a
trustee of Atlanta International School and serves on the Leadership Board of the College of Engineering for the University of Alabama. 

    Mr. Adrean
has served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since March 2000. From May 1995 to February 2000, Mr. Adrean
served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of First Data Corporation in Atlanta. From August 1993 to April 1995, Mr. Adrean served as the President of
Providian Corporation Agency Group (a division of Providian Corporation). 

    Ms. Beck
has served as Executive Vice President of Operations since September 2000. Ms. Beck is responsible for the management of all of EarthLink's operations
groups, including development, system administration, MIS, and network operations. Following the EarthLink/MindSpring merger in February 2000, Ms. Beck served as vice president of
engineering responsible for the development of EarthLink's products and services, as well as the development and evolution of EarthLink's service delivery infrastructure. She held similar positions at
both MindSpring and Netcom, and brings to EarthLink more than 15 years of experience in the high-tech industry. Before joining Netcom in 1996, Linda served in a variety of positions
at Sybase, GTE and Amdahl. She began her career at the National Security Agency and has always focused largely on distributed systems, databases, network connectivity solutions and the Internet. Linda
earned her bachelor's degree in computer science from Iowa State University and a master's of business administration from St. Mary's College of California in Moraga. 

    Mr. Calle
has served as Executive Vice President, Call Center Operations since September 2000 and has served EarthLink in a variety of executive positions since 1995
including vice president of call centers. Mr. Calle earned his bachelor's degree in management from the Georgia Institute of Technology and a master's degree in environmental science from the
University of Montana. 

    Mr. DeSimone
has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since February 2000. Prior to that, Mr. DeSimone served in such capacities at
MindSpring since November 1998. From September 1995 to August 1998, Mr. DeSimone served as Vice President of Corporate Development with Merix Corporation of Forest Grove,
Oregon, a printed circuit board manufacturer. From June 1990 to August 1995, he was an associate attorney and partner with Lane Powell Spears Lubersky of Portland, Oregon. 

    Ms. Gough
joined us in June 2001 as Executive Vice President, Marketing. She is responsible for leading our consumer marketing efforts, including branding campaigns,
advertising, media, promotions 

I3

and our extensive direct marketing efforts. Prior to joining EarthLink, from October 1998 until June 2001 she served as the Vice President of Marketing Solutions for
Coca-Cola North America, where she was responsible for the Coca-Cola's media planning and buying, Coke's fully integrated, brand building promotional marketing programs, and
the company's sports and entertainment marketing initiatives. From August 1990 to October 1998 Ms. Gough held a variety of senior sales and marketing positions with
Reckitt & Colman, one of the world's leading manufacturers of household cleaning products and specialty food items. She has also held sales and marketing positions with Pepsi-Cola
Company, The National Football League Properties and International Playtex. 

    Mr. Heys
has served as Executive Vice President, Sales, since June 2001. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Business Development and Business Services since
February 2000. Prior to that he served as Senior Vice President, Sales of EarthLink Network since August 1999, and was Vice President of EarthLink Network's relationship with Sprint from
January 1999 through August 1999. Prior to joining EarthLink Network, in October 1994 Mr. Heys founded the high-tech industry consulting firm BHC &
Associates. Before starting BHC, Mr. Heys served in a variety of executive sales and marketing management positions at IBM, Wang, Hayes Microcomputer Products and Digital Communications
Associates, Inc. Mr. Irwinhas served as Executive Vice President, Member Experience since September 2000 and was Executive Vice President of Operations from February 2000
to September 2000. 

    Mr. Irwin
has served EarthLink in a variety of executive positions since November 1995 including, Executive Vice President, Member Experience, Executive Vice President
of Operations, Senior Vice President of Broadband Services and Vice President of Customer Support. From November 1994 to November 1995, Mr. Irwin was Vice President for Operations
at WorldCom, a telecommunications company. From November 1992 to November 1994 Mr. Irwin served as Vice President of Corporate Development for Impact Telecommunications, an
integrated communications company. He has been involved in several start-up telecommunications companies in management roles ranging from marketing to operations. 

    Mr. Lunsford
has served as Executive Vice President, Brand Strategy, since August 2001. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Broadband Services since
February 2000. Prior to that, Mr. Lunsford served in the same role for EarthLink Network from November 1999 until its merger with MindSpring. Prior to that, Mr. Lunsford
was EarthLink Network's Vice President of Special Projects, a position he held from the beginning of his employment with EarthLink Network in March of 1999. Before joining EarthLink Network,
Mr. Lunsford was a Director with Scott, Madden & Associates, a management consulting firm in Raleigh, North Carolina, from 1995 to 1999. Prior to joining Scott, Madden &
Associates, Mr. Lunsford worked for Andersen Consulting in Chicago, Illinois. 

    Ms. Murdock
has served as Executive Vice President, Acquisitions and Integration since September 2000. Ms. Murdock has served EarthLink in a variety of Executive
positions including, Executive Vice President of Member Support and Services and Vice President, Member Support and Services. Prior to joining EarthLink Network, from 1994 to 1998 Ms. Murdock
served as Senior Vice President of Worldwide Operations for 7th Level, a multimedia company. Prior to joining 7th Level, Ms. Murdock served as Vice President of Operations for Digital Magic, a
visual effects and teleportation company, as well as several executive posts managing teleproduction studios and content technology for the film and television mediums. 

    Mr. Stromberg
has served as Executive Vice President, Employee Services since February 2000. Prior to that, Mr. Stromberg served as MindSpring's Executive Vice
President of Business Services since January 1999, Executive Vice President of Technology from August 1998 until January 1999, Executive Vice President of Call Centers from
March 1998 until August 1998, Vice President of Call Centers from June 1996 to March 1998, and Vice President of Technical Support from October 1995 until
June 1996. From June 1993 to September 1994, Mr. Stromberg worked as a Regional Manager for 

I4

Digital Financial Services, a subsidiary of GE Capital. Mr. Stromberg worked in various sales, product management, operations and management positions with Digital Equipment Corporation from
June 1983 to June 1993. 

    Mr. Weatherby
has served as EarthLink's Executive Vice President, EarthLink Everywhere since November 2000. Prior to that, Mr. Weatherby served as EarthLink's
Executive Vice President of Dial Up Services. Mr. Weatherby served in a variety of executive positions at MindSpring between September 1995 and February 2000, including Executive
Vice President of Sales and Marketing, and Vice President of Business Development. Prior to joining MindSpring, Mr. Weatherby held a variety of sales, sales management and marketing positions
with Mobil from October 1990 through September 1995, including District Sales Manager from December 1992 through September 1995. 

    Mr. Young
has served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy since February 2000. Prior to that he was Senior Vice President, Marketing of EarthLink Network from
August 1998 through December 1999. Mr. Young was Vice President, Strategic Planning of EarthLink Network from March 1996 throughout 1998. From 1990 to 1996,
Mr. Young was President of Young & Associates, a consulting firm specializing in strategic planning for high growth companies. 

I5

ANNEX II    

Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law  

Delaware Rights of Appraisal

    SECTION 262 OF THE

    DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW    

262 APPRAISAL RIGHTS.  

(a)
Any
stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section with respect to such
shares, who continuously holds such shares through the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in
favor of the merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the
stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section, the word "stockholder" means a holder of record of
stock in a stock corporation and also a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and "share" mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also membership or
membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and the words "depositary receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a depositary representing an interest in one or more shares,
or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the depositary. 
(b)
Appraisal
rights shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be effected pursuant to
251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to 251(g) of this title), 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 or
264 of this title: 

(1)
Provided,
however, that no appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or depositary receipts in respect
thereof, at the record date fixed to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or consolidation, were
either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the constituent corporation
surviving a merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as provided in subsection (f) of 251 of this title. 
(2)
Notwithstanding
paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent
corporation if the holders thereof are required by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to 251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to
accept for such stock anything except: 

    a.
Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger or consolidation, or depositary receipts in respect thereof; 

    b.
Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depositary receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depositary receipts in respect thereof) or depositary receipts at the
effective date of the merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation system by the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 holders; 

II1

    c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depositary receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this paragraph; or 

    d.
Any combination of the shares of stock, depositary receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depositary receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b.,
and c. of this paragraph. 

(3)
In
the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under 253 of this title is not owned by the parent corporation immediately
prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation. 

(c)
Any
corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series of its stock as a
result of an amendment to its certificate of incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision, the procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and (e) of this section,
shall apply as nearly as is practicable. 
(d)
Appraisal
rights shall be perfected as follows: 

(1)
If
a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not
less than 20 days prior to the meeting, shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available
pursuant to subsections (b) or (c) hereof that appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall include in such notice a copy of
this section. Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such stockholder's shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written
demand for appraisal of such stockholder's shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby
to demand the appraisal of such stockholder's shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing to take such action must do so by a
separate written demand as herein provided. Within 10 days after the effective date of such merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each
constituent corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become
effective; or 
(2)
If
the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to 228 or 253 of this title, each constituent corporation, either before the effective date of the
merger or consolidation or within ten days thereafter, shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights of the
approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice
a copy of this section; provided that, if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, such notice shall be given by the surviving or resulting corporation to all
such holders of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights. Such notice may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of
mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such holder's shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the 

II2

corporation
of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such holder's shares. If such notice did not notify stockholders of the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the
holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or
resulting corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more than
20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of such holder's
shares in accordance with this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either notice that such notice has
been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive either notice, each constituent
corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be not more than 10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of
the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the record date shall be the close of
business on the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given. 

(e)
Within
120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who was complied with subsections
(a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the stock of all such
stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to withdraw such
stockholder's demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who
has complied with the requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the
aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received by
the surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof, whichever is later. 
(f)
Upon
the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which shall within 20 days after
such service file in the office of the Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for
their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the hearing of such
petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or
more publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as
the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or resulting corporation. 

II3

(g)
At
the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled to appraisal rights. The Court may
require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to such stockholder. 
(h)
After
determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger or consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair value,
the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate of interest which the surviving or
resulting corporation would have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding. Upon application by the surviving or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to
participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination
of the stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who
has submitted such stockholder's certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder
is not entitled to appraisal rights under this section. 
(i)
The
Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to the stockholders entitled thereto.
Interest may be simple or compound, as the Court may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of
shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the certificates representing such stock. The Court's decree may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may
be enforced, whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state. 
(j)
The
costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder, the
Court may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the fees and
expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to an appraisal. 
(k)
From
and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of this section shall be
entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date
which is prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in subsection (e) of this
section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder's demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or
consolidation, either within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written approval of the
corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder
without the approval of the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just. 
(l)
The
shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they assented to the merger or consolidation
shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation. 

II4

The Information Agent for the Offer is:  

MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC.  

156 Fifth Avenue

New York, New York 10010

Call Toll Free (800) 322-2885 

The
Depositary for the Offer is: 

AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY  

By Mail:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

59 Maiden Lane

New York, New York 10038

By Facsimile Transmission:

(Eligible Institutions Only)

(718) 921-8116

Confirm Facsimile by Telephone:

(718) 921-8200

(for Confirmation Only)

By Hand/Overnight Courier:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

6201 15th Avenue

Brooklyn, New York 11219

QuickLinks



IMPORTANT

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

INTRODUCTION

ANNEX I Business and Background Information

ANNEX II

Delaware Rights of Appraisal SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

EX-99.(A)(1)(B)

a2062042zex-99_a1b.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(B)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL  

To Tender Shares of Common Stock of

Cidco Incorporated  

 for

$0.36 Net Per Share in Cash

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase

Dated October 31, 2001

by

EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.

a wholly-owned subsidiary of

EarthLink, Inc.  

NUMBER OF SHARES TENDERED

Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered Holder(s)

(Please Fill in Exactly as Name(s) Appear(s) on Share Certificate(s)

Share Certificate(s) and Share(s) Tendered

(Attach Signed Additional List if Necessary)

Share

Certificate

Number(s)*

Number

of Shares

Represented

by Share

Certificate(s)*

Number

of Shares

Tendered**

Total Shares

Tendered

/
/  Check
here if any of the certificates representing Shares that you own have been lost or destroyed. See Instruction 10. Number of
Shares represented by lost or destroyed certificates:

*
Need
not be completed if Shares are delivered by book-entry transfer.

**
If
you desire to tender fewer than all Shares evidenced by any certificates listed above, please indicate in this column the number of Shares you wish
to tender. Otherwise, all Shares evidenced by such certificates will be deemed to have been tendered. See Instruction 4. 

    THE
OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON NOVEMBER 29, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

PLEASE READ THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CAREFULLY, INCLUDING THE INSTRUCTIONS. THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE PROMPTLY
(i) COMPLETED PURSUANT TO THE INSTRUCTIONS, (ii) SIGNED IN THE SPACES PROVIDED AND (iii) HAND DELIVERED, TRANSMITTED VIA FACSIMILE OR MAILED BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL,
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED AND INSURED, TOGETHER WITH THE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING ALL OF YOUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF CIDCO INCORPORATED YOU WISH TO TENDER TO:

The Depositary for the Offer is:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company 

By Mail:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

59 Maiden Lane

New York, New York 10038

By Facsimile Transmission:

(Eligible Institutions Only)

(718) 234-5001

Confirm Facsimile by Telephone:

(718) 921-8200

(for Confirmation Only)

By Hand/Overnight Courier:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

6201 15th Avenue

Brooklyn, New York 11219

IF CERTIFICATES HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED, SEE INSTRUCTION 10.  

DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN THOSE SHOWN ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE
NUMBER OTHER THAN THE ONE LISTED ABOVE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY. DELIVERIES TO THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) WILL NOT BE FORWARDED TO THE DEPOSITARY AND THEREFORE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE
VALID DELIVERY. DELIVERIES TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE PROVIDED BELOW AND COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 INCLUDED HEREWITH.

THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

    This
Letter of Transmittal is to be used to tender certificates (
"Certificates"
) for Shares (as such term is defined below) of Cidco
Incorporated (
"Company"
) by stockholders (
"Holders"
) of the Company in response to a solicitation of
tenders by Earthlink Acquisition Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc., (
"Purchaser"
). It must be used whether
Certificates are to be forwarded with this Letter of Transmittal or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined below) is utilized, if delivery of the Shares is to be made by book-entry
transfer to the account maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (
"Depositary"
) at the Depositary Trust Company
(
"Book-Entry Transfer Facility"
) as described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. Holders whose Certificates are not immediately
available or who cannot deliver their Certificates for their confirmation of the book-entry transfer of their Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility (
"Book-Entry Confirmation"
) on or before the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) may use the guaranteed delivery
procedure described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase to tender their Shares. See Instruction 2. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. 

/
/CHECK
HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO AN ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH THE BOOK ENTRY-TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE
FOLLOWING: 

    Name
of Tendering Institution:________________________________________________________________ _ 

    Account
Number:___________________________________________________________________________ __ 

    Transaction
Code Number:___________________________________________________________________ __ 

/
/CHECK
HERE IF CERTIFICATES FOR TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE
FOLLOWING: 

    Name(s)
of Registered Holder(s):_____________________________________________________________ __ 

    Window
Ticket Number (if any):______________________________________________________________ __ 

    Date
of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:____________________________________________ _ 

    Name
of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery:__________________________________________________ _ 

    DTC
Participant Number (if Delivered by Book-Entry):__________________________________________ __ 

    Transaction
Code Number (if Delivered by Book-Entry):_________________________________________ __ 

BY EXECUTING AND DELIVERING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL THE UNDERSIGNED ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS TENDERING ALL SHARES REFERENCED IN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
INCLUDING ALL OF THE ASSOCIATED RIGHTS.

NOTE:  SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.

PLEASE READ THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.  

    The undersigned hereby tenders to EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc. a
Delaware corporation (
"Purchaser"
), the above described shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share
(
"Shares"
), of Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (
"Company"
), in response to the Purchaser's
offer to purchase 100% of the outstanding Shares at a price of $0.36 net per Share, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase
dated October 31, 2001 (
"Offer to Purchase"
), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and in this Letter of Transmittal (which together
constitute the 
"Offer"
). 

    The
Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 17, 2001, as amended (
"Merger Agreement"
), by
and between the Purchaser, EarthLink, Inc. and the Company. Subject to, and effective upon, acceptance of the Shares tendered with this Letter of Transmittal for payment in accordance with the Offer
(including, if the offer is extended or amended, the terms or conditions of any such extension or amendment), the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers to, or upon the order of, the
Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all the Shares that are being tendered with this Letter of Transmittal and any dividends, distributions, rights or other shares or other securities
issued or issuable in respect of such shares on or after the date the Offer is commenced (collectively, 
"Distributors"
) and irrevocably constitutes and
appoints the Depositary the true and lawful agent, attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to those Shares with full power of substitution (such power of attorney
being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to (a) deliver certificates for the Shares or transfer ownership of the Shares on the account books maintained by the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together in either case with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to or upon the order of the Purchaser upon receipt by the Depositary, as
the undersigned's agent, of the purchase price (adjusted, if appropriate, as provided in the Offer to Purchase), (b) present those Shares for transfer on the books of the Company and
(c) otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership the Shares all in accordance with the terms of the Offer. 

    The
undersigned irrevocably appoints Purchaser, its officers and its designees, and each of them, the attorneys-in-fact and proxies of the undersigned, each
with full power of substitution, to vote in such manner as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his or its substitute, in his or its sole discretion deems proper, and
otherwise act (including acting by written consent without a meeting) with respect to, all the Shares tendered by this Letter of Transmittal which have been accepted for payment by the Purchaser prior
to the time of the vote or action. This proxy is irrevocable coupled with an interest, and is granted in consideration of, and is effective upon, the deposit by the Purchaser with the Depositary of
the purchase price for the Shares to which it relates, and acceptance of those Shares for payment, in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Acceptance for payment will revoke all prior proxies
granted by the undersigned with regard to those Shares and the undersigned will not give any subsequent proxies, powers of attorney or consents, with respect to those Shares (and, if given, will not
be deemed effective). The undersigned understands that the Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchaser's acceptance
for payment of such Shares, the Purchaser is able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect to such Shares, including voting at any meeting of the Company's Shareholders. 

    The
undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered by this Letter of Transmittal
and that, when those Shares are accepted for payment by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title to the Shares, free and clear of all liens, restrictions,
charges, encumbrances (including irrevocable proxies) or adverse claims. The undersigned, upon request, will execute and deliver any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or the Purchaser to
be necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares tendered by this Letter of Transmittal to the Purchaser. In addition, the undersigned shall promptly remit and
transfer to the Depositary, for the account of Purchaser, any and all Distributions issued to the undersigned on or after October 31, 2001, in respect of the Shares tendered hereby, accompanied
by appropriate 

documentation of transfer, and pending such remittance and transfer or appropriate assurance thereof, Purchaser shall be, subject to applicable law, entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of
any such Distributions and may without the entire purchase price or deduct from the purchase price the amount of value thereof, as determined by Purchaser in its sole discretion. 

    The
authority conferred in this Letter of Transmittal will not be affected by, and will survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned, and any obligation of the undersigned
under this Letter of Transmittal or otherwise resulting from the tender of the Shares to which this Letter of Transmittal relates will be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs, executors,
administrators and legal representatives of the undersigned. Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase, this tender made by this Letter of Transmittal is irrevocable. 

    The
undersigned understands that tenders of Shares pursuant to any one of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in the instructions to this Letter
of Transmittal will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and the Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended, the
terms or conditions of any such extension or amendment). Without limiting the foregoing, if the price to be paid in the Offer is amended in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the price to be paid
to the undersigned will be the amended price notwithstanding the fact that a different price is stated in this Letter of Transmittal. The undersigned recognizes that under certain circumstances set
forth in the Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may not be required to accept for payment any of the Shares tendered hereby. 

    Unless
otherwise indicated in the box below captioned "Special Payment Instructions," please issue the check for the purchase price of the Shares tendered by this Letter of
Transmittal, and issue or return a Certificate for any Shares represented by certificates accompanying this Letter of Transmittal which are not being tendered, or are not accepted for payment, in the
name(s) of the undersigned. Similarly, unless otherwise indicated in the box below captioned "Special Delivery Instructions," please mail the check for the purchase price and deliver certificates
representing any Shares which are not being tendered or are not accepted for payment (and accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the undersigned at the address shown below the undersigned's
signature. If both the Special Delivery Instructions and the Special Payment Instructions are completed, please issue the check for the purchase price and certificates for any Shares which are not
being tendered, or are not accepted for
payment, in the name of, and deliver the check and certificates, or confirmation of transfer of the Shares at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, to the person or persons indicated.
Shareholders delivering Shares by book-entry transfer may request that any Shares not accepted for payment be returned by crediting an account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility, by making an appropriate entry under "Special Payment Instructions." The undersigned recognizes that the Purchaser has no obligation pursuant to the Special Payment Instructions or otherwise
to transfer any tendered Shares which are not accepted for payment from the name of the registered holder of the Shares to the name of another person. 

SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)  

    To be completed ONLY if certificates for Shares not tendered or not purchased and/or any check for the aggregate Purchase Price of Shares purchased are to be
issued in the name of, and sent to someone, other than the undersigned or if Shares tendered hereby and delivered by book-entry transfer that are not purchased are to be returned by credit to an
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility other than that designated above. 

Issue:

/ /  Check to:

/ /  Certificates to:

Name(s):

(Please print or type)

Address:

(Zip Code)

(Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number)

/ /  Credit unpurchased Shares delivered by Book-Entry Transfer Facility account set forth below:

(Account Number)

SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)  

    To be completed ONLY if certificates for Shares not tendered or not purchased and/or any check for the Purchase Price of Shares purchased, issued in the name
of the undersigned, are to be delivered to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an address other than that shown above. 

Deliver:

/ /  Check to:

/ /  Certificates to:

Name(s):

(Please print or type)

Address:

(Zip Code)

PLEASE SIGN BELOW

(TO BE COMPLETED BY ALL SHAREHOLDERS)  

 (PLEASE COMPLETE AND RETURN THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 INCLUDED HEREWITH)  

Must be signed by the registered Holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by person(s) authorized to
become registered holder(s) by certificate(s) and documents transmitted with this Letter of Transmittal. If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a
corporation or another person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set forth full title. See Instruction 5. 

Signature(s) of Owner(s):

Name(s):

(Please Print)

Capacity (full title):

Address:

(Include Zip Code)

Area Code(s) and Telephone Number(s):

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number:

Dated: 

,

GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)

For Use By Financial Institution Only

(If required; see Instructions 1, 2 and 5)  

Authorized Signature:

Name:

(Please Print)

Title:

Name of Firm:

Address:

(Include Zip Code)

Area Code(s) and Telephone Number(s):

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number:

(See Instruction 8)

Dated: 

,

PAYOR'S NAME:                       

SUBSTITUTE

FORM 
W-9

Department of the Treasury

Internal Revenue Service

Part IPlease provide your TIN in the box at the right and certify by signing and dating below.

Social Security Number(s)

OR 

Employer Identification Number(s)

   Payer's Request for Taxpayer

   Identification Number (TIN)

Part IICertificationUnder penalties of perjury, I certify that:

   (1) The number shown on the form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me) and

Please fill in your name and

  address below.

  Name

  Address (number and street)

  (City, State and Zip Code)

   (2) I am not subject to backup withholding because (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a
failure to report all interest or dividends or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding.

Part IIIAwaiting TIN / /

Part IVFor Payee Exempt from Backup Withholding

Exempt / /

Certification Instructions
You must cross out Item (2) in Part 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you currently are subject to backup withholding because of
underreporting interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if, after being notified by the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding, you received another notification from the IRS stating that you are no longer subject to backup
withholding, do not cross out Item (2). If you are exempt from backup withholding, check the box in Part 4 above.

Signature:

Date:

, 2001

Failure to complete and return this form may result in backup withholding of 30.5% of any payments made to you pursuant to the Offer.
Please review the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

You must complete the following certificate if you checked the box in Part 3 of Substitute Form W-9.

CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER  

I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number has not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an
application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or (b) I intend to mail or deliver an
application in the near future. I understand that if I do not provide a taxpayer identification number prior to the purchase of my Shares pursuant to the Offer, 30.5% of all reportable payments made
to me in connection with the purchase of my Shares will be withheld. 

Signature         Date 

INSTRUCTIONS TO LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  

    1.  
Signature Guarantee.
  All signatures on a Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial
institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion
Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each an 
"Eligible Institution"
), unless the Shares tendered thereby are delivered
(i) by the registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this document, shall include any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name appears on a security
position listing as the owner of Shares) of Shares who has not completed the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on the Letter of
Transmittal or (ii) for the account of an Eligible Institution. 

    If
a Certificate is registered in the name of a person other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made, or a Certificate representing Shares not
accepted for payment or not tendered is to be returned to a person other than the registered holder(s), then the Certificate must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case
signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on the Certificate, with the signature(s) on such Certificate or stock powers guaranteed as described above. 

    2.  
Requirements of Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Certificates.
  This Letter of Transmittal is to
be completed by Holders if Certificates evidencing Shares are being forwarded with it, or unless an Agent's Message (as defined below) is utilized, if tenders of Shares are being made in accordance
with the procedures for delivery by book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. For Holders to validly tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, either
(a) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees and any other required documents, or an Agent's
Message in the case of a book-entry delivery, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth herein prior to the Expiration Date and either (i) Certificates
for tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary at one of such addresses prior to the Expiration Date or (ii) Shares must be delivered pursuant to the procedures for
book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation confirming book-entry transfer of Shares to an account of
the Depositary must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or (b) the tendering Holders must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below and in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

    Holders
whose certificates for Shares are not immediately available, or who cannot deliver their Certificates and all other required documents to the Depositary, or who cannot deliver
Book-Entry Confirmation of a book entry transfer of the Shares to the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date, may tender their Shares by properly completing and duly executing a
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery in accordance with the guaranteed delivery procedure described in Section 3 of the Offer to
Purchase. Pursuant to that procedure, (i) the tender must be made by or through an Eligible Institution, (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery,
substantially in the form provided by Purchaser, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date and (iii) the Certificates for all physically tendered Shares, or
Book-Entry Confirmation of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer, as the case may be, together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually
signed facsimile of one), with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in the case of book-entry delivery, and any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal,
must be received by the Depositary within three NYSE trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, all as provided in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. If
Certificates for Shares are forwarded separately to the Depositary, a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile of one) must accompany each such
delivery. 

    The
term "Agent's Message" means a message transmitted by a Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry
Confirmation, which states that such Book-Entry Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgement from the participant in 

such Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that such participant has received and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce
such agreement against the participant. 

THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, THE CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT THE OPTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING HOLDER (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION) AND,
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS INSTRUCTION 2, THE DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY. IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT
REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.  

    No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted and no fractional Shares will be purchased (unless you are tendering all of the Shares you
own). All tendering Holders, by execution of this Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile of it), waive any right to receive any notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment. 

    3.  
Inadequate Space.
  If the space provided herein is inadequate, the certificate numbers and/or the
number of Shares being tendered and any other required information should be listed on a separate signed schedule attached hereto. 

    4.  
Partial Tenders.
  (Not Applicable to Holders Who Tendered by Book-Entry Transfer). If
fewer than all the Shares evidenced by a Certificate delivered to the Depositary are to be tendered, fill in the number of Shares which are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares
Tendered." In such a case, new Certificate(s) for the remainder of the Shares that were evidenced by your old Certificate(s), but were not tendered by you, will be sent to you, unless otherwise
provided in the appropriate box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" or "Special Delivery Instructions" on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date. All Shares
represented by Certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated. 

    5.  
Signatures on Letter of Transmittal; Stock Powers and Endorsements.
  If this Letter of Transmittal is
signed by the registered Holder(s) of the Shares tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond exactly with the name(s) as written on the face of the Certificate(s) without alteration, enlargement
or any change whatsoever. 

    If
any of the tendered Shares are owned of record by two or more joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal. 

    If
any of the tendered Shares are registered in different names on several Certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate Letters of Transmittal as
there are different registrations of Certificates. To obtain additional Letters of Transmittal, you may either make a photocopy of this Letter of Transmittal or call MacKenzie Partners, Inc. at the
phone number included on the back cover of this Letter of Transmittal. 

    If
this Letter of Transmittal or any Certificates or stock powers are signed by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers of
corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, such persons should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to Purchaser of their authority so to act must
be submitted. 

    If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered Holder(s) of the Shares being tendered hereby, no endorsements of certificates or separate stock powers are required, unless
payment is to be made or Certificates for Shares which are not tendered or purchased are to be issued to a person other than the registered holder(s), in which case endorsements of Certificates or
stock powers are required and the signatures on such Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

    If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the registered owner(s) of the Shares being tendered, the Certificate(s) must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate
stock powers, in
either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered owner(s) appear(s) on the Certificate(s) for such Shares. Signatures on such Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution. 

    6.  
Transfer Taxes.
  Except as set forth in this Instruction 6, Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid
any transfer taxes required to be paid by it with respect to the transfer and sale to Purchaser of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price is to be made to,
or (in the circumstances permitted hereby) if Certificates for Shares which are not tendered or are not purchased are to be registered in the name of any person other than the registered holder(s), or
if tendered Certificates are registered in the name of any person other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered
holder(s) or such person) payable on account of the transfer to such person will not be the responsibility of Purchaser and may be deducted from the Purchase Price unless satisfactory evidence of the
payment of such taxes or an exemption therefrom is substituted. 

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS INSTRUCTION 6, IT WILL NOT BE NECESSARY FOR TRANSFER TAX STAMPS TO BE AFFIXED TO THE CERTIFICATE(S) LISTED IN THIS LETTER
OF TRANSMITTAL.

    7.  
Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.
  If the check for the purchase price of any Shares
tendered or Certificates for untendered or unpurchased Shares are to be issued in the name of a person other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal or if the check is to be mailed or
Certificates to be returned to someone other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal or to the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal at an address other than that shown above, the
appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal should be completed. Holders tendering Shares by book-entry transfer may request that any Shares which are not tendered or purchased be
credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility which the Holder designates. If no such instructions are given, Shares tendered by book-entry transfer
which are not tendered or purchased will be returned by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above. 

    8.  
Substitute For W-9.
  Each tendering Holder who does not otherwise establish to the
satisfaction of the Depositary an exemption from backup federal income tax withholding is required to provide the Depositary with a correct Taxpayer Identification Number ("TIN"), generally the
Holder's Social Security Number or federal Employer Identification Number, on Substitute Form W-9 above. Failure to provide the information on the form may subject the tendering
Holder to 30.5% federal income tax withholding on the payment of the purchase price. If a Holder fails to provide the correct TIN to the Depositary, such Holder may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed
by the Internal Revenue Service. 

    Certain
Holders (including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting requirements. In order for a
foreign individual to qualify as an exempt recipient, the Holder must submit a Form W-8, signed under penalties of perjury, attesting to that individual's exempt status. A
Form W-8 can be obtained from the Depositary. See the enclosed GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 for additional
instructions. 

    If
backup withholding applies, the Depositary is required to withhold 30.5% of any such payments made to the Holder or other payee. Backup withholding is not an additional tax.
Rather, the tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained from the
Internal Revenue Service. 

    The
box in Part III of the Substitute Form W-9 may be checked if the tendering Holder has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a TIN or intends to apply
for a TIN in the near future. If the box in Part III is checked, the Holder or other payee must also complete the Certificate of Awaiting 

Taxpayer Identification Number on the Substitute Form W-9 in order to avoid backup withholding. Notwithstanding that the box in Part III is checked and the Certificate of
Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number is completed, the Depositary will withhold 30.5% of all payments made prior to the time a properly certified TIN is provided to the Depositary. 

    The
Holder is required to give the Depositary the Social Security Number or Employer Identification Number of the record owner of the Shares or of the last transferee appearing on the
transfers attached to, or endorsed on, the Shares. If the Shares are in more than one name or are not in the name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 for additional guidance on which number to report. 

    9.  
Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.
  Questions or requests for assistance may be directed
to, or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase and this Letter of Transmittal, Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9 may be obtained from, the Information Agent or the Depositary at their respective addresses and telephone numbers set forth below or from brokers, dealers, commercial banks
or trust companies. 

    10. 
Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates.
  If any Certificate evidencing Shares has been lost,
destroyed or stolen, the Holder should promptly notify American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the transfer agent at (800) 937-5449. The Holder will then be instructed as to the steps
that must be taken in order to replace the Certificate. This Letter of Transmittal and related documents cannot be processed until the procedures for replacing lost or destroyed Certificates have been
followed. 

    11. 
Waiver of Conditions.
  The conditions of the Offer may be waived by Purchaser in whole or in part at
any time and from time to time in its sole discretion, except where provided otherwise in the Offer and the Merger Agreement. 

IMPORTANT:  THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A MANUALLY SIGNED FACSIMILE HEREOF), TOGETHER WITH SHARE CERTIFICATES OR CONFIRMATION OF
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER OR A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY ON OR PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE.

IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE CONTACT THE DEPOSITARY AT THE ADDRESS AND TELEPHONE NUMBER ON THE FRONT OF THIS FORM.

MANUALLY SIGNED FACSIMILE COPIES OF THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, PROPERLY COMPLETED, WILL BE ACCEPTED. THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND ANY OTHER REQUIRED
DOCUMENTS SHOULD BE SENT OR DELIVERED BY EACH STOCKHOLDER OF THE COMPANY OR THAT STOCKHOLDER'S BROKER, DEALER, COMMERCIAL BANK, TRUST COMPANY OR OTHER NOMINEE TO THE DEPOSITARY AT ONE OF THE ADDRESSES
SET FORTH BELOW:  

The Depositary for the Offer is: 

AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY  

By Mail:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

59 Maiden Lane

New York, New York 10038

By Facsimile Transmission:

(Eligible Institutions Only)

(718) 921-8116

Confirm Facsimile by Telephone:

(718) 921-8200

(for Confirmation Only)

By Hand/Overnight Courier:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

6201 15th Avenue

Brooklyn, New York 11219

Any
questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at their address and telephone number listed below. Additional copies of this Letter of Transmittal, the Offer to
Purchase and other tender offer materials may be obtained from the Information Agent as set forth below and will be furnished promptly at Purchaser's expense. A stockholder may also contact its
broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is:  

MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC.  

156 Fifth Avenue

New York, New York 10010

Call Toll Free (800) 322-2885 

IMPORTANT:
  This Letter of Transmittal or a facsimile hereof (together with certificates for the Shares being tendered
and all other required documents), or a Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, must be received prior to 12:00 A.M. Midnight, New York City time, on the Expiration Date. 

QuickLinks

PAYOR'S NAME

EX-99.(A)(1)(C)

a2062042zex-99_a1c.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(C)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

(Not to be used for Signature Guarantees)  

For Offer To Purchase For Cash

100%

of the

Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

At a Purchase Price of $0.36 Net Per Share in Cash

of  

Cidco Incorporated

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase

Dated October 31, 2001

by  

EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.

a wholly-owned subsidiary of

EarthLink, Inc.  

    As set forth in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares" in the Offer to Purchase, dated October 31, 2001 (the "Offer to
Purchase"), this form, or a form substantially equivalent to this form, must be used to accept the Offer (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) if: 

    (a) certificates
representing shares (the "Shares") of Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), common stock, $.01 par value per share (the "Common
Stock") are not immediately available or cannot be delivered to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the "Depositary") prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of the
Offer to Purchase); or 

    (b) the
procedure for book-entry transfer (set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase) cannot be completed on a timely basis; or 

    (c) the
Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) and all other required documents cannot be delivered to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date. 

    This
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or a facsimile of it, properly completed and duly executed, may be delivered by hand, mail or facsimile transmission to the Depositary so that it is
received by the Depositary before the Expiration Date and must include a signature guarantee by an Eligible Institution (as defined in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares" of the Offer
to Purchase) in the form set forth herein. See the guaranteed delivery procedures described in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase. 

The
Depositary for the Offer is: American Stock Transfer & Trust Company 

By Mail:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

59 Maiden Lane

New York, New York 10038

By Facsimile Transmission:

(Eligible Institutions Only)

(718) 921-8116

By Hand/Overnight Courier:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

6201 15th Avenue

Brooklyn, New York 11219

Confirm Facsimile by Telephone:

(718) 921-8200

(for Confirmation Only)

Delivery of this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to an address other than those shown above or transmission of
instructions via a facsimile number other than the one listed above does not constitute a valid delivery. Deliveries to the Company or the Information Agent (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) will
not be forwarded to the Depositary and therefore will not constitute valid delivery. Deliveries to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) will not
constitute valid delivery to the Depositary.

    This
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery is not to be used to guarantee signatures. If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal is required to be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution under
the instructions thereto, such signature guarantee must appear in the applicable space provided in the signature box on the Letter of Transmittal. 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

    The undersigned hereby tenders the above-described Shares to EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc., a Delaware corporation, at a purchase price of
$0.36 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal (which together constitute the "Offer"), receipt of both of
which is hereby acknowledged, pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

Name of Record Holder(s): 

Address(es): 

Area Code(s) and Tel. No(s).: (home) 

 (work) 

Signature(s): 

Date: 

, 2001

Number of shares of Common Stock: 

Certificate Number(s) (if available): 

If shares of Common Stock will be tendered by book-entry transfer:

Name of Tendering Institution: 

Account Number: 

THE GUARANTEE BELOW MUST BE COMPLETED

GUARANTEE

(Not to be used for signature guarantee)

The undersigned, a financial institution that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange
Medallion Program, hereby: (a) represents that that the above-named person(s) has a net long position in the Shares tendered hereby within the meaning of Rule 14e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that
such tender of Shares complies with Rule 14e-4, and (b) guarantees that the Depositary will receive (i) certificates of the Shares tendered hereby in proper form for transfer or (ii) confirmation that the Shares tendered hereby
have been delivered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfer (set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase) into the Depositary's account at The Depositary Trust Company together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof) and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, all within three New York Stock Exchange trading days after the date the Depositary receives this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

Name of Firm: 

Address: 

Authorized Signature: 

Name: 

 (Please print or type)

Title: 

Area Code and Telephone Number: 

Date: 

, 2001

DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES WITH THIS FORM. YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES MUST BE SENT WITH THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

EX-99.(A)(1)(D)

a2062042zex-99_a1d.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(D)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

Offer To Purchase For Cash

100%

of the

Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of  

Cidco Incorporated

at

$0.36 Net Per Share in Cash

by  

EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.

a wholly-owned subsidiary of

EarthLink, Inc.  

     THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 A.M. MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON NOVEMBER 29, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

    October 31, 2001 

To
Our Clients: 

    Enclosed
for your consideration are the Offer to Purchase, dated October 31, 2001 (
"Offer to Purchase"
), and the related Letter of
Transmittal (which together constitute the 
"Offer"
) in connection with the Offer by EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.
(
"Purchaser"
), a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc., a Delaware corporation, to purchase for cash 100% of the
issued and outstanding shares of Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (
"Company"
), common stock, $.01 par value per share
(
"Shares"
), at a price of $0.36 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon (
"Offer
Price"
), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in its Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal. Any holders who desire to tender Shares and
whose certificate(s) evidencing such Shares (
"Certificates"
) are not immediately available, or who cannot comply with the procedures for
book-entry transfer described in the Offer to Purchase on a timely basis, may tender such Shares by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery set forth in Section 3,
"Procedures for Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase. 

We are (or our nominee is) the owner of record of Shares held for your account. As such, we are the only ones who can tender your Shares, and then only
pursuant to your instructions.

WE ARE SENDING YOU THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY; YOU CANNOT USE IT TO TENDER SHARES WE HOLD FOR YOUR ACCOUNT.

    Please
instruct us as to whether you wish us to tender any or all of the Shares we hold for your account on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

    Please
note the following: 

1.
You
may tender Shares at a price of $0.36 per Share, net to you in cash, without interest.

2.
The
Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 A.M. Midnight, New York City time, on November 29, 2001, unless the Offer is extended.

3.
The
Offer is for 100% of the Shares outstanding as of October 31, 2001.

4.
The
Offer conditioned upon there being validly tendered and not withdrawn immediately prior to the Expiration Date at least a majority of the Shares. The Offer is subject to certain
other conditions set forth in Section 15 of the Offer to Purchase.

5.
Tendering
shareholders (
"Holders"
) whose Shares are registered in their own name and who tender directly to American Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, as Depositary (the 

 "Depositary"
), will not be obligated to pay any brokerage commissions, solicitation fees or, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes on the
Purchaser's purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer. However, federal income tax backup withholding at a rate of 30.5% may be required, unless an exemption is available or unless the required tax
identification information is provided. See Instruction 8 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

6.
The
board of directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 17, 2001, as amended, (
"Merger
Agreement"
) by and between Purchaser, EarthLink, Inc. and the Company and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer, and determined that the Merger Agreement
and Offer are fair to, advisable, and in the best interests of, the Holders, and recommends that the Holders consider accepting the Offer and tendering all or some of their Shares pursuant to the
Offer.

7.
Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Offer, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary
of (i) Certificates or, if such Shares are held in book-entry form, timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer (
"Book-Entry
Confirmation"
) of such Shares into the Depositary's account at The Depositary Trust Company, (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a
manually signed facsimile thereof) with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)) and
(iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering Holders may be paid at different times depending upon when Certificates or Book-Entry
Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. 
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of the Shares to be paid by
Purchaser, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment.

If you wish to have us tender any or all of your Shares, please so instruct us by completing, executing, detaching and returning to us the attached Instruction
Form. An envelope to return your Instruction Form to us is enclosed. If you authorize us to tender your Shares, we will tender all such Shares unless you specify otherwise on the attached Instruction
Form.

    The
Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of, Holders residing in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in
compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the tender of the Shares in connection therewith would not be in
compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. If Purchaser becomes aware of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of Shares pursuant thereto in such state,
Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with such state statute. If, after such good faith effort, Purchaser cannot comply with any such state statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor
will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) Holders in such state. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the
Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers which are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

YOUR INSTRUCTION FORM SHOULD BE FORWARDED TO US IN AMPLE TIME TO PERMIT US TO SUBMIT A TENDER ON YOUR BEHALF ON OR BEFORE THE EXPIRATION DATE OF THE OFFER. THE
OFFER, PRORATION PERIOD AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 A.M. MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON NOVEMBER 29, 2001, UNLESS THE PURCHASER EXTENDS THE OFFER.

INSTRUCTION FORM  

Offer To Purchase For Cash

100%

of the Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of  

Cidco Incorporated

at

$0.36 Net Per Share in Cash

by  

EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.

a wholly-owned subsidiary of

EarthLink, Inc.  

    The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed Offer to Purchase, dated October 31, 2001, and the related Letter
of Transmittal (which together constitute the 
"Offer"
) in connection with the Offer by EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (
"Purchaser"
) to purchase for cash 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (
"Company"
), common stock, $.01 par value per share
(
"Shares"
), at a price of $0.36 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in its Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal. 

    The
undersigned hereby instruct(s) you to tender to the Purchaser the number of Shares indicated below or, if no number is indicated, all Shares you hold for the account of the
undersigned, under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

Number of Shares to be tendered:

Shares

Account Number:

THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THIS DOCUMENT IS AT THE OPTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING SHAREHOLDER. IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT
REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ASSURE DELIVERY.  

Signature(s):

Date:

, 2001

Name(s) and Address(es):

 (Please print or type)

Area Code and Telephone Number:

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number:

EX-99.(A)(1)(E)

a2062042zex-99_a1e.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(E)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

156 Fifth Avenue

New York, New York 10010 

Offer To Purchase For Cash

100%

of the

Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

(Including the Associated Common Stock Purchase Rights)

of

Cidco Incorporated

at

$0.36 Net Per Share in Cash

by

EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.

a wholly-owned subsidiary of

EarthLink, Inc.  

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 A.M. MIDNIGHT,

NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON NOVEMBER 29, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

October 31, 2001 

To
Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees: 

    We
have been appointed by EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser"),
to act as Information Agent in connection with Purchaser's offer to purchase for cash 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), common
stock, $.01 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), inclusive of their respective associated Common Stock purchase rights (the "Rights" and together with the Common Stock, the "Shares"), at a price
of $0.36 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated October 31, 2001 (the "Offer to
Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which together constitute the "Offer"), copies of which are enclosed herewith. Please
furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients whose accounts you hold Shares in your name or in the name of your nominee. 

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE)
GREATER THAN 50% OF THE SHARES. THE OFFER IS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN OTHER CONDITIONS. SEE SECTION 7 OF THE OFFER TO PURCHASE.  

    For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, we are enclosing the
following documents: 

    1.  Offer
to Purchase, dated October 31, 2001; 

    2.  Letter
to Clients, which may be sent to your clients for whose accounts you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, with space provided
for obtaining such clients' instructions with regard to the Offer; 

    3.  Letter,
dated October 31, 2001, from Paul G. Locklin, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, to stockholders of the Company together with
a solicitation/ 

recommendation statement on schedule 14D-9 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission by the Company and mailed to stockholders of the Company; 

    4.  Letter
of Transmittal for your use and for the information of your clients (together with accompanying instructions and Substitute Form W-9); 

    5.  Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if the Share certificates and all other required documents cannot be delivered to the Depositary by the
Expiration Date or if the procedure for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis; and 

    6.  Guidelines
of the Internal Revenue Service for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9; and 

    7.  Return
envelope addressed to the Depositary. 

WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 A.M. MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
NOVEMBER 29, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

    Please note the following: 

1.
You
may tender Shares at a price of $0.36 per Share, net to you in cash, without interest.

2.
The
Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 A.M. MIDNIGHT, New York City time, on November 29, 2001, unless the Offer is extended.

3.
The
Offer is for 100% of the Shares outstanding as of October 31, 2001.

4.
Tendering
shareholders ("Holders") whose Shares are registered in their own name and who tender directly to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Depositary (the
"Depositary"), will not be obligated to pay any brokerage commissions, solicitation fees or, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes on the Purchaser's purchase of
Shares pursuant to the Offer. However, federal income tax backup withholding at a rate of 30.5% may be required, unless an exemption is available or unless the required tax identification information
is provided. See Instruction 8 of the Letter of Transmittal.

5.
The
board of directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of October 17, 2001, by and among
Purchaser, a subsidiary of the Purchaser, and the Company and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer, and determined that the Merger Agreement and Offer are fair to, advisable, and
in the best interests of, the Holders, and recommends that the Holders consider accepting the Offer and tendering all or some of their Shares pursuant to the Offer.

6.
Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Offer, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary
of (i) certificates evidencing such Shares or, if such Shares are held in book-entry form, timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer (a "Book-Entry Confirmation") of such Shares into the
Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company, and if certificates evidencing the associated common stock purchase rights (the "Rights") have been issued, such certificates or a Book-Entry
Confirmation, if available, with
respect to such certificates (unless Purchaser elects, in its sole discretion, to make payment for the Shares pending receipt of such certificates or a Book-Entry Confirmation, if available, with
respect to such certificates), (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case
of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)) and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

Accordingly,
tendering Holders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for Shares (or certificates for Rights, if applicable) or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares
(or Rights, if applicable) are actually received by the Depositary. 
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of the Shares to be paid by Purchaser,
regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment.

    No
fees or commissions will be payable to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies or any person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer other than fees paid
to the Information Agent and the Depositary as described in the Offer to Purchase. The Purchaser will, however, upon request, reimburse you for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you
in forwarding any of the enclosed materials to the beneficial owners of Shares held by you as a nominee or in a fiduciary capacity. The Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid any stock transfer taxes
applicable to its purchase of Shares, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

    In
order to take advantage of the Offer, a properly completed and a duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), including any required signature
guarantees and any other required documents, should be sent to the Depositary with either certificate(s) representing the tendered Shares or confirmation of their book-entry transfer, all in
accordance with the instructions set forth in the Letter of Transmittal and the Offer to Purchase. 

    Holders
of Shares whose certificate(s) for such shares are not immediately available or who cannot deliver such certificate(s) and all other required documents to the Depositary or
who cannot complete the procedures for book-entry transfer before the Expiration Date must tender their Shares according to the procedure for guaranteed delivery set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to
Purchase. 

    Additional
copies of the enclosed material may be obtained from the Information Agent, MacKenzie Partners, Inc., telephone: (800) 322-2885. 

Very
truly yours, 

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

Enclosures

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON AS AN AGENT OF THE COMPANY, THE INFORMATION AGENT, THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY
AFFILIATE OF THE FOREGOING, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE DOCUMENTS ENCLOSED
HEREWITH AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.  

EX-99.(A)(1)(F)

a2062042zex-99_a1f.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(F)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER
  IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9    

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number to Give the Payer.
Social Security
Numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: i.e. 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only one hyphen:
i.e., 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to give the payer. 

For this type of account:

Give the

SOCIAL SECURITY

number of

For this type of account:

Give the EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION

number of

1.

An individual's account

The individual

8.

Sole proprietorship account

The owner(4)

2.

Two or more individuals (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined funds, the first individual on the account(1)

9.

A valid trust, estate or pension trust

The legal entity (Do not furnish the identifying number of the personal representative or trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.)(5)

3.

Husband and wife

The actual owner of the account or, if joint funds, either person(1)

10.

Corporate account

The corporation

4.

Custodian account of a minor (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)

The minor(2)

11.

Religious, charitable, or educational organization account

The organization

5.

Adult and minor (joint account)

The adult or, if the minor is the only contributor, the minor(1)

12.

Partnership account

The partnership

6.

Account in the name of guardian or committee for a designated ward, minor, or incompetent person

The ward, minor, or incompetent person(3)

13.

Association, club, or other tax-exempt organization

The organization

7.

a.

The usual revocable savings trust (grantor is also trustee)

The grantor-trustee(1)

14.

A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

b.

So-called trust account that is not a legal or valid trust under State law

The actual owner(1)

15.

Accountant with the Department of Agriculture in the name of a public entity (such as State or local prison) that receives agricultural program payments

The public entity

(1)
List
first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.

(2)
Circle
the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.

(3)
Circle
the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such person's social security number.

(4)
Show
the name of the owner. If the owner does not have an employer identification number, furnish the owner's social security number.

(5)
List
first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust. 

Note:
  If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be considered to
be that of the first name listed. 

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER

IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

Page 2  

Obtaining a Number  

   If you don't have a taxpayer identification number or you don't know your number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card
(for individuals), or Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number (for businesses and all other entities), at the local office of the Social Security Administration or the
Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") and apply for a number. 

Payees and Payments Exempt from Backup Withholding  

   The following is a list of payees exempt from backup withholding and for which no information reporting is required. For interest and dividends, all listed
payees are exempt except item (9). For broker transactions, payees listed in items (1) through (13) and a person registered under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 who regularly acts
as a broker are exempt. Payments subject to reporting under sections 6041 and 6041A are generally exempt from backup withholding only if made to payees described in items (1) through (7),
except a corporation (other than certain hospitals described in Regulations section 1.6041-3(c)) that provides medical and health care services or bills and collects payments for
such services is not exempt from backup withholding or information reporting. Only payees described in items (1) through (5) are exempt from backup withholding for barter exchange
transactions and patronage dividends. 

   (1) An
organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), or an IRA, or a custodial account under section 403(b)(7), if the account satisfies the
requirements of section 401(f)(2). 

   (2) The
United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities. 

   (3) A
state, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities. 

   (4) A
foreign government or any of its political subdivisions, agencies or instrumentalities. 

   (5) An
international organization or any of its agencies or instrumentalities. 

   (6) A
corporation. 

   (7) A
foreign central bank of issue. 

   (8) A
dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the United States, the District of Columbia or a possession of the United States. 

   (9) A
futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 

  (10) A
real estate investment trust. 

  (11) An
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

  (12) A
common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a). 

  (13) A
financial institution. 

  (14) A
middleman known in the investment community as a nominee or listed in the most recent publication of the American Society of Corporate Secretaries, Inc.,
Nominee List. 

  (15) A
trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 4947. 

   Payments
of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 


Payments
to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under section 1441.


Payments
to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. and which have at least one nonresident alien partner.


Payments
of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in money.


Payments
made by certain foreign organizations.


Payments
made to a nominee. 

   Payments
of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 


Payments
of interest on obligations issued by individuals. Note: You may be subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid in
the course of the payer's trade or business and you have not provided your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer.


Payments
of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under section 852).


Payments
described in section 6049(b)(5) to non-resident aliens.


Payments
on tax-free covenant bonds under section 1451.


Payments
made by certain foreign organizations.


Payments
made to a nominee. 

   Exempt
payees described above should file substitute Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE "EXEMPT" ON THE FACE OF THE FORM, SIGN AND DATE THE FORM AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYER. IF YOU ARE A NON-RESIDENT ALIEN
OR A FOREIGN ENTITY NOT SUBJECT TO BACKUP WITHHOLDING, FILE WITH PAYER A COMPLETED INTERNAL REVENUE FORM W-8 (CERTIFICATE OF FOREIGN STATUS). 

   Certain
payments other than interest, dividends and patronage dividends that are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup withholding. For details, see
Sections 6041, 6041A, 6042, 6044, 6045, 6049 and 6050A. 

Privacy Act Notice.
Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend, interest or other payments to give taxpayer identification
numbers to payers who must report the payments to the IRS. The IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are required to file tax
returns. Payers must generally withhold 30.5% of taxable interest, dividend and certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payer. Certain penalties
may also apply. 

Penalties  

(1) 
Penalty for Failure to Furnish Taxpayer Identification Number.
If you fail to furnish your correct taxpayer identification
number to a payer, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 

(2) 
Civil Penalty for False Information With Respect to Withholding.
If you make a false statement with no reasonable basis
which results in no imposition of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500. 

(3) 
Criminal Penalty for Falsifying Information.
Willfully falsifying certifications or affirmations may subject you to
criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment. 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE.

QuickLinks

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

EX-99.(A)(1)(J)

a2062042zex-99_a1j.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)(J)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

    This
announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is made solely by the Offer to
Purchase (as defined below) and the related Letter of Transmittal and any amendments or supplements thereto. The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of, holders
of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities, blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. In those
jurisdictions where securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of EarthLink, Inc. by one or
more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

    Notice
of Offer to Purchase for Cash by EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc. a wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc. of All of the Outstanding Shares of Common Stock of
Cidco Incorporated at $.36 net per share 

    EarthLink
Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and wholly-owned subsidiary of EarthLink, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser's Parent"), is
offering to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of Cidco Incorporated, a Delaware corporation ("Company") common stock, $.01 par value per share ("Shares") at a purchase price of $.36
per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon ("Purchase Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated October 31, 2001
("Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which together constitute the "Offer"). The Offer is conditioned upon a majority of the Shares being tendered. The Offer is also
subject to certain other conditions. See Section 15 of the Offer to Purchase. 

    THE
OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 A.M. MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED 

    The
Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated October 17, 2001, as amended, by and between
Purchaser, Purchaser's Parent and the Company and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer, and determined that the Merger Agreement and Offer are fair to, advisable and in the best
interest of, the stockholders, and recommends that the stockholders consider accepting the Offer and tendering all or some of their Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

    As
soon as practicable following the Expiration Date (as defined below), if at least a majority of the Shares are properly tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration
Date, the Purchaser will purchase all Shares properly tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, at the Purchase Price subject to the terms and the conditions of the Offer. The
term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 A.M. Midnight, New York City time, on Thursday, November 29, 2001, unless and until the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, extends the period of time
during which the Offer will remain open, in
which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer, as extended by the Purchaser, shall expire. 

    The
Purchaser reserves the right, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, to extend the period of time during which the Offer is open and to delay acceptance for
payment of, and payment for, any Shares by giving oral or written notice of such extension to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the "Depositary") and making a public announcement thereof
before 9:00 A.M., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. 

    Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless accepted for payment by the Purchaser after the Expiration Date, may also
be withdrawn at any time after 12:00 A.M. Midnight, New York City time, on Saturday, December 29, 2001. For a withdrawal to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of
withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. Any such notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the tendering
stockholder, the name of the 

registered holder, if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares, the number of Shares tendered and the number of Shares to be withdrawn. If the certificates for Shares to be withdrawn
have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the release of such certificates, the tendering stockholder must also submit the serial numbers shown on the particular
certificates for Shares to be withdrawn and the signature on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) unless the Shares have been
tendered for the account of an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry tender set forth in the Offer to Purchase, the notice of
withdrawal also must specify the name and the number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) to be credited with the withdrawn Shares and
must otherwise comply with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures. 

    The
Purchaser is making the Offer because the Purchaser desires to acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, the Company. 

    The
Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal contain important information which should be read carefully before any tenders are made. The information required to be disclosed
by Rule 14d-6(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by reference to the Offer to Purchase. The
Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal are being mailed to record holders of Shares whose names appear on the Company's stockholder list and are being furnished to brokers, dealers,
commercial banks, trust companies and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the Company's stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a
clearing agency's security position listing for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares. 

    Questions
and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at the telephone numbers and address set forth below. Copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of
Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the other tender offer materials may be obtained from the Information Agent and will be furnished promptly at the Purchasers expense.
Stockholders may also contact their broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. 

    The
Information Agent for the Offer is: 

MACKENZIE

PARTNERS, INC 

Fifth Avenue

New York, New York 10010

(212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)

E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

or

CALL TOLL-FREE (800) 322-2885

October 31, 2001 

EX-99.(D)(2)

a2062042zex-99_d2.htm

EXHIBIT 99(D)(2)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

FIRST AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

    This
First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "
Amendment
") dated as of this    day of
October 2001, is entered by and among 
EarthLink, Inc.
, a Delaware corporation
("
EarthLink
"), 
EarthLink Acquisition Sub, Inc.
, a Delaware corporation
("
Sub
"), and 
Cidco Incorporated
, a Delaware corporation
("
Cidco
"). 

    WHEREAS,
EarthLink, Sub, and Cidco are parties to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 17, 2001 (the
"
Agreement
"); and 

    WHEREAS,
EarthLink, Sub, and Cidco desire to amend the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Amendment in order to correct certain drafting errors contained in the
Agreement. 

    NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals and the mutual promises, representations, warranties and covenants set forth in the Amendment, and other valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by all parties hereto, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

    I.
  Definitions.
  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meaning assigned to
those terms in the Agreement. 

    II.
  Amendments.

    A.  The
Agreement hereby is amended by deleting the second sentence of Paragraph 1.1(c) in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

"If
the number of Shares so purchased is greater than 50% but less than 90% of the applicable issued and outstanding Shares at the time that the Offer is terminated, EarthLink and Cidco shall, subject
to 
Article VI
 hereof, take all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to cause Sub to be merged with and into Cidco in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and the DGCL, including without limitation convene a special stockholders' meeting and solicit proxies therefor (all in compliance with applicable federal securities laws) to
secure Cidco stockholder approval for such a Merger (the "
Long Form Merger
"), and Cidco covenants that the Cidco Board of Directors will vote in favor
of the Long Form Merger and recommend it to Cidco's stockholders." 

    B.  The
Agreement hereby is amended by deleting the first sentence of Annex I in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

"Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Offer, Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including
Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Sub's obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly after expiration or termination of the Offer), to pay for any Shares
tendered unless the following conditions have been satisfied: (i) there have been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the time the Offer shall otherwise expire a number of Shares which
is greater than 50% of all Shares outstanding at the time the Shares are accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer (the "Minimum Condition"); and (ii) none of the following events shall occur
at any time on or after the date of the Agreement and before acceptance for payment of, or payment for, such Shares:" 

    III.
  Miscellaneous.

    A.
  Counterparts.
  This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for
all purposes be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute the same instrument. 

    B.
  Headings.
  The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Amendment are inserted for convenience
only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Amendment or to affect the construction thereof. 

    C.
  Modification and Waiver.
  No waiver of any of the provisions of this Amendment shall be deemed to or
shall constitute a waiver of any other provision hereof or in the Agreement (whether or not similar). 

    D.
  Effectiveness of the Agreement.
  Except for the amendments set forth in Articles IIA. and IIB. above,
the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 

[Signatures appear on the following page]

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

EARTHLINK, INC.

By:

/s/ 
SAMUEL R. DESIMONE, JR.

Name:

Samuel R. DeSimone, Jr.

Title:

Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary

EARTHLINK ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

By:

/s/ 
SAMUEL R. DESIMONE, JR.

Name:

Samuel R. DeSimone, Jr.

Title:

Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary

CIDCO INCORPORATED

By:

/s/ 
PAUL G. LOCKLIN

Name:

Paul G. Locklin

Title:

President, CEO

QuickLinks

FIRST AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

EX-99.(D)(6)

a2062042zex-99_d6.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(D)(6)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

ADVANCE AGREEMENT    

THIS ADVANCE AGREEMENT
 is dated as of October 17, 2001 (this "Agreement"), by and between 

CIDCO, INCORPORATED,

a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and 
EARTHLINK, INC.
, a Delaware
corporation ("Lender"). 

Preliminary
Statement 

    A.  The
Company is currently in the process of being acquired by the Lender (the "
Acquisition
") pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, the Lender and a subsidiary of Lender (the "
Acquisition Agreement
"); 

    B.  The
Company and Lender each desire to establish certain arrangements for Lender to make loans of funds to the Company during the pendancy of the Acquisition. 

    Accordingly,
in consideration of the premises, the mutual promises hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, Company and Lender agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I  

DEFINITIONS  

    All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings for such terms in the Acquisition Agreement. 

    1.01.
  Definitions.
  As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the respective meanings
indicated below (such meanings to be applicable equally to both the singular and plural forms of such terms): 

    "
Acquisition Agreement
" has the meaning set forth in the preambles hereto. 

    "
Advance
" means each loan advance by Lender to the Company, which shall constitute a loan to and indebtedness of the Company to Lender
pursuant to Section 2.01(a) hereof. 

    "
Advance Debt
" means the total amount of loan obligations loaned to the Company and to be repaid by the Company to Lender as set forth
herein. 

    "
Affiliate
" means a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under
common control with another Person. 

    "
Business Day
" means a day of the year on which Lender is open for business in Atlanta, Georgia. 

    "
Contingent Liability
" means, as to any Person, any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the
economic effect of guaranteeing any Debt or obligation of another in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including without limitation any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect,
(a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt or any security for the payment of thereof, (b) to purchase property or services for the
purpose of assuring the owner of such Debt of its payment, or (c) to maintain the solvency, working capital, equity, cash flow, fixed charge or other coverage ratio, or any other financial
condition of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay any Debt or to comply with any agreement relating to any Debt or obligation. 

    "
Debt
" means all obligations, contingent or otherwise, which in accordance with GAAP should be classified on the balance sheet as
liabilities, and in any event including capital leases, Contingent Liabilities that are required to be disclosed and quantified in notes to financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and
liabilities secured by any lien on any Property, regardless of whether such secured liability is with or without recourse. 

    "
Deed of Trust
" means that certain deed of trust given by the Company in favor of the Lender to secure the indebtedness arising
hereunder. 

    "
Default
" means any event specified in Section 5.01 hereof, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice or lapse of
time has yet been satisfied. 

    "
Distribution
" means any declaration or payment of a distribution, interest or dividend on any equity interest; any distribution or
advance to a shareholder or other equity holder; or any purchase, redemption, or other acquisition or retirement for value of any equity interest. 

    "
Effective Date
" means the later of (i) the date of this Agreement and (ii) the first date on which all applicable
conditions set forth in Article III have been fulfilled. 

    "
Event of Default
" means any of the events specified in Section 5.01 of this Agreement, provided any requirement for the giving
of notice or lapse of time has been satisfied. 

    "
Financing
" means the closing by the Company of a sale of securities or a debt financing transaction where the Company or any of its
subsidiaries receives any monetary benefit except for transactions involving the issuance of Company stock upon the exercise of stock options granted under the Company stock option plan(s) in effect
as of the date hereof. 

    "
GAAP
" means generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. 

    "
Governmental Body
" means any arbitrator, governmental official, or state, commonwealth, federal, foreign, territorial, or other court
or governmental body, including any subdivision, agency, department, commission, board, bureau or instrumentality. 

    "
Interest Rate
" means a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate. 

    "
Law
" means any law, statute, rule, regulation, order or decree of any Governmental Body. 

    "
Litigation
" means any proceeding, claim or investigation conducted or threatened by or before any Governmental Body. 

    "
Loan Documents
" means this Agreement, the promissory note, the Mortgage and the Security Agreement and all certificates, instruments
and agreements delivered by any Person in connection with the foregoing. 

    "
Material Adverse Change
" means a material and adverse change in Company's financial condition, Properties, business or affairs. 

    "
Maturity Date
" means the earlier of: (i) the date the Acquisition Agreement is terminated (prior to consummation) by any party
and for any reason, and (ii) the date the Merger is consummated. 

    "
Person
" means an individual, partnership, joint venture, corporation, limited liability Company, trust, Governmental Body or
unincorporated organization. 

    "
Prime Rate
" means the prime rate announced by Bank of America at its office in Atlanta and in effect on the last business day of a
calendar month, effective for the next month. 

    "
Rights
" means rights, remedies, powers and privileges. 

    "
Solvent
" means, with respect to any Person, that on such date (a) the fair value of the Property of such Person is greater than
the total amount of liabilities (including Contingent Liabilities) of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be
required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or
liabilities beyond such Person's ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (d) such Person is not 

engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person's Property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. 

    "
Security Agreement
" means that certain security agreement of even date herewith securing the indebtedness arising hereunder. 

    "
Subsidiary
" means, as to any Person, any corporation or Company at least 50% of whose securities having ordinary voting power (other
than securities having such power only by reason of happening of a contingency) are owned by such Person, or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person, or a combination thereof. 

    "
Taxes
" means all taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Law or Governmental Body. 

ARTICLE II  

LOAN ADVANCES; PROCEDURES  

    2.01.
  Advances; Loan Obligations.

    (a) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein, after the date hereof and prior to the Maturity Date, Lender may make loans to the Company up to an aggregate
maximum of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) (the "
Advance Debt
"). Once repaid, no portion of any Advance may be reborrowed. 

    (b) The
Lender may, but is not obligated to, make any Advances whatsoever to the Company under this Agreement or otherwise, but the Lender may in its sole discretion
make Advances to the Company upon proper request and pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

    (c) To
evidence the indebtedness of the Company to Lender hereunder, the Company shall execute and deliver to Lender one or more promissory notes (such notes, as
amended, modified, supplemented, extended or replaced, a "
Note
"), 
provided
, that execution of a Note is
not a requirement for the existence of any such indebtedness, and all indebtedness incurred by the Company hereunder shall exist independently of any such Note. The Lender will maintain records
reflecting the Company's outstanding indebtedness hereunder, which shall be the official records of all indebtedness hereunder. Failure to make notation of any Advance, however, will not affect the
obligations of Company. Entries in such records will be conclusive, absent manifest error. Lender may send the Company schedules from time to time listing the amount of each Advance. If the Company
does not agree with a schedule, it must immediately notify Lender in writing of the objections. Company's failure to notify Lender of an objection within 15 calendar days of receipt of a schedule
shall constitute an acceptance of the schedule as to the financial obligations therein. 

    2.02.
  Security Interest.
  The Lender shall have and be entitled to a first priority security in the
assets of the Company to the extent of the total amount of Advance Debt (the "
Security Interest
"). Such Security Interest may be evidenced by a separate
security agreement and by one or more financing statements to be filed in the appropriate jurisdictions. The Company and its representatives shall cooperate and communicate in good faith to assist the
Lender in making all filings and all other actions necessary to implement the Lender's Security Interest, provided, that the Security Interest shall exist irrespective of any such filings or security
agreement. 

    2.03.
  Interest on Advances.
  The Advance Debt loaned to the Company hereunder shall bear interest at a
per annum rate equal to the Interest Rate plus 1.0% per annum. All accrued interest on the Advances is due and payable in full on the Maturity Date or as otherwise provided for in Section 2.05.
During the existence of any Default, amounts owing hereunder shall bear interest at the Interest Rate plus 3.0% per annum from the date of the occurrence of the Default until such Default has been
cured or waived. 

    2.04.
  Repayment of Advance Debt.

    (a)
  Termination of Acquisition.
  If the Acquisition Agreement is terminated prior to consummation of the
Acquisition for any reason, $1.8 million of the amount loaned by the Lender to the Company (or the full amount loaned if less than $1.8 million) together with interest accrued and unpaid
on such amount shall be immediately due and payable on the ninetieth (90th) day following such termination date. All amounts loaned in excess of $1.8 million (if any), together with interest
accrued and unpaid on such amount, shall be paid in monthly installments, commencing on the ninetieth (90th) day following such termination date, in amounts equal to 25% of Company gross revenues in
the previous month generated by and otherwise attributable to those Company customers who became Company customers during the fourth quarter of 2001 and the first quarter of 2002, with the balance of
such amount, if any, being due and payable on the second anniversary of the termination of the Acquisition Agreement. 

    (b)
  Financing.
  Upon any Financing, all amounts loaned by the Lender to the Company, together with
accrued and unpaid interest on such amounts, shall become immediately due and payable. 

    2.05.
  Voluntary Prepayments.
  The Company may, from time to time prior to the Maturity Date, prepay any
amount of the Advance Debt to Lender, in whole or in part, upon one Business Day prior written notice to Lender. Each prepayment shall be accompanied by all interest accrued on the principal amount
being prepaid. 

    2.06.
  Computations and Manner of Payments.
  Interest on the total aggregate Advance Debt will be
calculated on a simple interest basis for a year of 360 days, based on actual days elapsed. If any payment is due on a date that is not a Business Day, the due date will be extended to the next
Business Day. Lender may, at any time and without notice to Company, apply monies received in payment of Company's obligations in such order of application as Lender shall determine. All payments
shall be made in United States dollars and without set-off, counterclaim or other defense. 

    2.07.
  Advance Procedures; Determination.

    (a) For
each Advance to the Company, the Company shall make a written request for such Advance to the Company (each, and "
Advance
Request
"), which request shall detail the requested amount of the Advance, the date requested, the specific use of the Advance funds, confirming Continued Compliance (as set
forth below), and other pertinent information (the "
Advance Terms
"). The Lender may request and receive other information from the Company in order to
make its determination on each such Advance. All Advances shall be made on the Advance Terms as determined by the Lender in its sole discretion after good faith discussions with the Company. 

    (b) For
each Advance, the Advance shall be made pursuant to the terms hereof and the specific Advance Terms. 

    (c) With
each Advance Request, the Company shall confirm in writing, signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifying that (i) no Default or
Event of Default exists under this Agreement, (ii) the representations and warranties set forth herein and in the Acquisition Agreement are true and correct as of the date thereof, and
(iii) Company has complied and is in compliance with all covenants, agreements and conditions to be complied with by it under the Acquisition Agreement, this Agreement and all other Loan
Documents as of such date ("
Continued Compliance
"). 

    2.08.
  Access; Information.
  At all times when any Advance is outstanding under this Agreement, the
Company shall grant to the Lender full and reasonable access to the books, records and officers of the Company to confirm the proper use of proceeds of each Advance, compliance with this Agreement,
the Security Agreement and the Mortgage and other related purposes. 

    2.09.
  Use of Proceeds.
  The use of the Advance funds loaned to the Company shall be used by the Company
only as permitted by the Lender, and unless permitted by the Lender, such Advances shall be used only working capital of the Company in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices,
and shall not be used for any extraordinary purposes. The Company may request a different use of Advance proceeds in its Advance Request. 

ARTICLE III  

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  

    3.01.
  Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness.
  The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to
fulfillment of the following conditions precedent: 

    (a) Lender
shall be satisfied, in its sole discretion, with Company's financial condition and business as of the Effective Date. 

    (b) Company
shall have executed and delivered to Lender all Loan Documents, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender. 

    (c) Lender
shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company certifying that (i) all the Loan Documents and the transactions
contemplated therein have been duly and properly authorized and approved by the Company, and the Company has the corporate power and authority to enter into such transactions, and (ii) that by
entering into the Loan Documents and carrying out the transactions contemplated therein, the Company will not breach, violate, conflict with or default under (x) any of its charter/governing
documents ("
Charter
"), (y) any material contracts/agreements of any type (including loans, mortgages or any other similar agreement)
("
Agreements
"), or (z) any Law. The Lender may conclusively rely on such certificate without further investigation. 

    (d) All
proceedings of Company taken in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and all documents incidental thereto, shall be reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to Lender. Lender shall have received copies of all documents or other evidence that it may reasonably request in connection with such transactions. 

    (e) The
Mortgage and the Security Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by Company. 

    3.02.
  Representation at Time of Advances.
  Each funding of an Advance by Lender shall constitute a
representation by Company that on the date of such Advance funding, all of the provisions of Sections 2.08 (c) (Continued Compliance) and 3.01 (c) are true and correct. 

    Lender
may, in its sole discretion, request such other reasonable information from Company as it may deem necessary or appropriate to verify the truth and accuracy of the foregoing
representation. 

ARTICLE IV  

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS  

    Company represents and warrants that the following are true and correct: 

    4.01.
  Organization and Qualification.
  Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Company is qualified to do business in all jurisdictions where the nature of its business or properties require such qualification except in
jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

    4.02.
  Due Authorization; Validity.
  The Company has been duly authorized to the execute, deliver and
perform all of its obligations under the Loan Documents. No consent of any stockholder of 

Company is required as a prerequisite to the validity and enforceability of its Loan Documents. Company has full legal right, power and authority to execute, deliver and perform under its Loan
Documents. The Loan Documents constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms (subject as to enforcement of remedies to any applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium, or similar Laws or principles of equity affecting creditors' rights generally). 

    4.03.
  Conflicting Agreements and Other Matters.
  The execution or delivery of any Loan Documents, and
performance thereunder, do not conflict with, or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in any violation of, or require any approval,
action by or notice to any Governmental Body or other Person pursuant to any of the Charter, any Agreements or any Laws. 

    4.04.
  Financial Information.
  The financial statements and other financial information (including
projections and budgets) of the Company delivered to Lender are true and accurate and were prepared consistent with the books and records of the Company, and in good faith. With respect to financial
statements, such materials are true and correct and present fairly the Company's financial condition and its results of operations as of the dates and for the periods shown, all in accordance with
GAAP. The Company is Solvent. 

    4.05.
  Laws Regulating Incurrence of Debt.
  No proceeds of any Advance will be used directly or
indirectly to acquire any securities. No Advance will be used to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in applicable Federal Reserve regulations), nor to extend credit to others to do so. Company
is not subject to regulation under any Law that prohibits or restricts its incurrence of Debt in any material respect, including Laws relating to common or contract carriers. 

    4.06.
  Litigation.
  There is no Litigation pending or, to the best of Company's knowledge, threatened
against Company on the date hereof, except as disclosed by Company to Lender in writing and acknowledged by Lender prior to the date of this Agreement. 

    4.07.
  Disclosure.
  Company has not made a material misstatement of fact, or failed to disclose any
material fact necessary to make the facts disclosed not misleading, to Lender during the course of application for and negotiation of this Agreement or in connection with any transactions contemplated
hereby. There is nothing known to Company that could result in a Material Adverse Effect, which is not set forth herein or in notices hereafter delivered to Lender. 

    4.08.
  Amendment of Organizational Documents; Distributions.
  Company shall not amend or modify, or
permit the amendment or modification of, its Charter in any respect. Company shall not declare or pay Distributions. 

ARTICLE V  

EVENTS OF DEFAULT  

    5.01.
  Events of Default.
  Each of the following shall be an "
Event of
Default
" hereunder, if the same shall occur for any reason whatsoever, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of Law or otherwise: 

    (a) Company
shall fail to pay any principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable under any Loan Documents when due; 

    (b) Any
representation or warranty of Company made in connection with this Agreement or any transactions contemplated hereby shall be incorrect or misleading in any
material respect when given and such representation or warrant shall not be cured within five Business Days of written notice from Lender; 

    (c) Company shall fail to perform or observe any other material term or covenant contained in any Loan Document, and such failure shall not be cured within five
Business Days of written notice from Lender; 

    (d) Any
material provision of any Loan Documents shall, for any reason, not be valid and binding on Company, or shall be declared to be null and void; the validity or
enforceability of any provision of any Loan Documents shall be contested by Company; or any breach, default or event of default shall occur or exist under any Loan Documents after any applicable grace
period; 

    (e) Any
of the following shall occur: (i) Company shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, be insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they come
due, or cease doing business as a going concern; (ii) Company shall petition any Governmental Body for the appointment of a trustee, receiver or liquidator of it or any of its assets, or shall
commence any proceedings under any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, liquidation or other debtor relief Laws; (iii) any petition shall be filed, or any such proceedings shall
be commenced, against Company under any such Laws and the same is not dismissed or otherwise discharged within 60 days, or an order, judgment or decree shall be entered approving such petition
or appointing any trustee, receiver or liquidator for Company, or any of its assets; or (iv) any final order, judgment or decree shall be entered decreeing Company's dissolution,
split-up or divestiture of assets; 

    (f)  Except
as contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement, Company shall have any material change in its ownership, management or control, without the prior consent of
Lender (which shall not be unreasonably withheld); or 

    (g) Lender
shall determine in good faith that there has been a Material Adverse Change. 

    5.02.
  Remedies Upon Default; Customer Transfer.
  If an Event of Default shall occur all amounts owing to
Lender shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become immediately due and payable without any action by Lender, and without diligence, presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest or
intent to accelerate, or notice of any other kind, all of which are hereby waived to the fullest extent permitted by Law. 

    5.03.
  Cumulative Rights.
  All Rights available to Lender under the Loan Documents shall be cumulative of
and in addition to all other Rights under any other agreement, at Law or in equity. The acceptance by Lender at any time and from time to time of partial payment of any amount owing under any Loan
Documents shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any Event of Default then existing. No waiver by Lender of an Event of Default shall be deemed to be a waiver of any default other than such Event of
Default. No delay or omission by Lender in exercising any Right under the Loan Documents shall impair such Right or be construed as a waiver thereof or an acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any Right preclude other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other Right under the Loan Documents or otherwise. 

ARTICLE VI  

MISCELLANEOUS  

    6.01.
  Amendments and Waivers.
  No amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Documents, nor
consent to any departure by Company therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Lender, and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific
instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

    6.02.
  Notices.
  Unless otherwise provided herein, all notices, demands and other communications under
the Loan Documents shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered, sent by confirmed facsimile, certified mail, postage prepaid, to the following addresses: 

    (a) If
to Company: 

Cidco,
Incorporated

220 Cochrane Circle

Morgan Hill, CA 95037

Facsimile: 408-776-2602

Attention: Paul Locklin 

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Gray
Cary Ware & Friedenrich LLLP

400 Hamilton Ave.

Palo Alto, CA 94301-1833

Facsimile: 650-833-2001

Attention: Diane H. Frankle, Esq. 

    (b) If
to Lender: 

EarthLink, Inc.

1375 Peachtree St., 7 North

Atlanta, GA 30309

Attention: Samuel R. DeSimone, Jr.

Facsimile: 404-287-4905 

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Hunton &
Williams

600 Peachtree Street, NE

Bank of America Plaza, Suite 4100

Atlanta, GA 30309

Attention: W. Tinley Anderson, III

Facsimile: 404-888-4190 

or
to such other address as any party shall hereafter designate in written notice to the other party. All notices, demands and other communications will be effective when so personally delivered or
sent by telecopy or telex, or five days after being so mailed; provided, however, that notices to Lender pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof shall only be effective when received. 

    6.03.
  Parties in Interest.
  The Loan Documents shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto, and their successors and assigns. Lender may from time to time assign its rights or obligations hereunder, but Company may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder (whether
voluntarily or by operation of Law), without the prior written consent of Lender. 

    6.04.
  Costs, Expenses and Taxes.
  Company agrees to pay (i) all costs and expenses of Lender in
connection with the preparation and negotiation of any Loan Documents, including without limitation reasonable
attorneys' fees, (ii) all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) of Lender in connection with any extension, modification, waiver or release of any Loan Documents,
and (iii) all reasonable costs and expenses of Lender incurred in any work-out or enforcement of or in any dispute of any kind relating to any Loan Documents, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and the costs and expenses of other consultants. Company shall pay any stamp, debt, recordation, withholding and other Taxes payable in connection with any Loan Documents or payments
thereunder (other than Taxes on the overall net income of Lender), and agrees to save Lender harmless from and against all 

liabilities relating to any Taxes. All payments by Company shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Taxes (other than Taxes on the overall net income of Lender) of any nature now
or hereafter existing. 

    6.05.
  Indemnification by Company.
  Company agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Lender and its
Affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees and representatives, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs,
expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any of them in any way relating to or arising out of any Loan Documents (excluding
in connection with or as a result, in whole or in part, of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any of them), any transaction directly related hereto or thereto, or any act, omission or
transaction of Company or any of its Affiliates, or any of their directors, shareholders, officers, agents, employees or representatives; provided, however, that Company shall not indemnify, defend
and hold harmless any indemnified Person for losses or damages that Company proves were caused by such Person's willful misconduct or gross negligence. Company agrees that Lender shall never be liable
to Company for any consequential damages. This indemnity shall survive repayment of Company's obligations to Lender. 

    6.06.
  Rate Provision.
  It is not the intention of any party to any Loan Documents to make an agreement
violative of the Laws of any applicable jurisdiction relating to usury. In no event shall Company be obligated to pay any amount in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted under applicable
Law. If from any circumstance Lender shall ever receive anything of value deemed excess interest under applicable Law, an amount equal to such excess shall be applied to the reduction of the principal
amount of outstanding Advances and any remainder shall be refunded to the payor. 

    6.07.
  Severability; Counterparts.
  If any provision of any Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid
or unenforceable under present or future Laws during the term thereof, such provision shall be fully severable, and the Loan Documents shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision had never comprised a part thereof. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be executed in any number of counterparts. 

    6.08.
  Governing Law.
  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia. The state and federal courts located in Georgia, including the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, shall have jurisdiction
to determine any claim or dispute pertaining to this Agreement, and the parties expressly submit and consent to such jurisdiction. 

    6.09.
  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ANY RIGHT
TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY RELATED MATTERS. 

    6.10.
  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
  THIS WRITTEN AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND
MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

    6.11.
  Further Assurances.
  The Company shall execute all further and additional documents, agreements,
waivers and consents, including, without limitation, financing statements, and take all such further and additional action as Lender may reasonably request with respect to this Agreement and the
amounts borrowed by Company and advanced by Lender hereunder. 

[signatures on following page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
, this Advance Agreement is executed as of the date first set forth above. 

CIDCO, INCORPORATED

By:

/s/ Paul G. Locklin

Title:

President & CEO

EARTHLINK, INC.

By:

/s/ Nathaniel B. Cobb

Title:

Vice President, Strategy & Development

[Advance
Agreement Signature Page] 

QuickLinks

ADVANCE AGREEMENT

EX-99.(D)(7)

a2062042zex-99_d7.htm

EXHIBIT 99(D)(7)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT    

    This Mutual Non-Disclosure and Non-Solicitation Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of September 6, 2001 between
EarthLink, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EarthLink"), and CIDCO, Incorporated., a Delaware corporation ("CIDCO"). EarthLink and CIDCO are sometimes referred to herein individually as a "Party"
and collectively as the "Parties." 

    1.  
Purpose.
  EarthLink and CIDCO wish to have discussions relating to a potential transaction (the
"
Transaction
") between EarthLink (and/or its subsidiaries and stockholders) and CIDCO (and/or its subsidiaries and stockholders). In the course of such
discussions, each Party expects to make available to the other Party and its Representatives (as defined herein) Evaluation Material (as defined herein) concerning the businesses, financial condition,
operations, assets, properties, liabilities, and prospects of such Party. As a condition to making such information available, each Party is entering this Agreement and agrees that all Evaluation
Material received by it or its Representatives from the other Party or any of its Representatives shall be treated in accordance with this Agreement. 

    2.  
Certain Definitions.
  As used in this Agreement: (i) the term
"
Receiving Party
" means the Party receiving Evaluation Material; (ii) the term "
Furnishing Party
"
means the Party providing Evaluation Material or causing Evaluation Material to be provided; (iii) the term "
Representatives
" means the
directors, officers, employees, agents or advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, financial advisors and other consultants and advisors engaged in
connection with the review and evaluation of the Transaction) of the specified Party; and (iv) the term "
Evaluation Material
" means all
proprietary and confidential information concerning the Furnishing Party or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, whether in verbal, visual, written, electronic or other form, which is made available
by the Furnishing Party or any of its Representatives to the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives ("
Primary Evaluation Material
"), together, in
each case, with all notes, memoranda, summaries, analyses, studies, compilations and other writings relating thereto or based in whole or in part thereon prepared by the Receiving Party or any of its
Representatives ("
Derivative Evaluation Material
"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "
Evaluation
Material
" shall not include, and the Parties' obligations herein (other than their obligations under paragraph 6 of this Agreement) shall not extend to, information
which (a) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Furnishing Party; (b) was or is independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of
the Evaluation Material; (c) is now or hereafter becomes available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by the Receiving Party or any of the Receiving Party's Representatives in
violation of this Agreement; (d) becomes available to the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Furnishing Party or
any of its Representatives and such source is not, to the knowledge of the Receiving Party following reasonable inquiry, under any obligation to the Furnishing Party or any of its Representatives
(whether contractual, legal or fiduciary) to keep such information confidential; or (e) is transmitted by or on behalf of the Furnishing Party after receiving written notification from the
Receiving Party of the termination of discussions relating to the
Transaction or written instructions from the Receiving Party not to furnish any further Evaluation Material. 

    3.  
Confidentiality and Use of Evaluation Material.

    (a)  
Confidentiality of Evaluation Material.
  All Evaluation Material (i) shall be used solely for
the purpose of evaluating and considering the Transaction; (ii) shall be kept strictly confidential by the Receiving Party; and (iii) shall be provided by the Receiving Party solely to
those of its Representatives to whom disclosure is reasonably required to facilitate the Receiving Party's evaluation or consideration of the Transaction, it being the intention of the Parties to
restrict the dissemination of Evaluation Material to as small a working group as practicable. The Parties agree that all Evaluation Material is and shall remain the property of the Furnishing Party.
Before providing access to Evaluation Material to any Representative, the Receiving Party shall inform such Representative of the confidentiality of the Evaluation Material, and shall advise such
Representative that, by accepting possession of or access to such information, such Representative is agreeing to be bound by this Agreement. Each Party shall be responsible for any breach of this
Agreement by any of its Representatives. 

    (b)  
Compulsory Disclosure of Evaluation Material.
  If the Receiving Party or its Representatives are
requested or required in any judicial, arbital or administrative proceeding or by any governmental or regulatory authority to disclose any Evaluation Material (whether by deposition, interrogatory,
request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, or otherwise), or the Receiving Party is so requested or required to disclose any of the facts disclosure of which is prohibited under
paragraph (3)(c) of this Agreement, the Receiving Party shall give the Furnishing Party prompt notice of such request so that the Furnishing Party may seek an appropriate protective order or
other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, and, upon the Furnishing Party's request and at the Furnishing Party's expense, shall reasonably cooperate with
the Furnishing Party in seeking such an order. If, in the absence of a protective order or other remedy or the receipt of a waiver by the Furnishing Party, the Receiving Party is nonetheless, in the
opinion of the Receiving Party's or (in the case of disclosure requested or required of a Representative, such Representative's) outside counsel or General Counsel, legally compelled to disclose
Evaluation Material, the Receiving Party shall disclose only that portion of the Evaluation Material which the Receiving Party is legally required to disclose and, upon the Furnishing Party's request
and at the Furnishing Party's expense, shall use all requisite reasonable efforts to obtain assurances that confidential treatment will be accorded to such Evaluation Material to the extent such
assurances are available. Subject to the foregoing conditions and limitations, the Receiving Party may disclose Evaluation Material under the circumstances set forth in this paragraph (b)
without liability hereunder. 

    (c)  
Other Public Disclosure.
  Except (i) for such public disclosure as may be necessary, in the
good faith judgment of the disclosing Party consistent with advice of counsel, for the disclosing Party not to be in
violation of any applicable law, regulation or order, or (ii) with the prior written consent of the other Party, neither Party shall: 

    (x)  make
any disclosure (and each Party shall direct its Representatives not to make any disclosure) to any person of (A) the fact that discussions,
negotiations or investigations are taking or have taken place concerning a Transaction, (B) the existence or contents of this Agreement, or the fact that either Party has requested or received
Evaluation Material from the other Party, or (C) any of the terms, conditions or other facts with respect to any proposed Transaction, including the status of the discussions or negotiations
related thereto, or 

    (y)  make
any public statement concerning a proposed Transaction. 

    (d)  
Notice.
  If either Party proposes to make any disclosure in reliance on clause (i) above, the
disclosing Party shall, to the extent practicable, provide the other Party with the text of the proposed disclosure as far in advance of its disclosure as is practicable and shall in good faith
consult with and consider the suggestions of the other Party concerning the nature and scope of the information it proposes to disclose. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party may make such public
announcement or public statement if in the opinion of such Party's outside counsel or General Counsel, such public announcement or public statement is necessary to avoid committing a violation of law
or of any rule or regulation of any securities association, stock exchange or national securities quotation system on which such Party's securities are listed or trade. In such event, the disclosing
Party shall use its reasonable best efforts to give advance notice to the other Party and to consult with the other Party on the timing and content of any such public announcement or public statement. 

    (e)
  Certain Securities Law Restrictions.
  Each Party acknowledges that the Evaluation Material may
contain material nonpublic information concerning the Furnishing Party. Each Party further acknowledges its awareness of the restrictions imposed by federal and state securities laws on persons in
possession of material nonpublic information. Nothing herein shall constitute an admission by either Party that any Evaluation Material in fact contains material nonpublic information concerning the
Furnishing Party. 

    (f)  
Contact with Employees and Representatives.
  Neither Party shall communicate with any employee of
the other Party regarding the Transaction or disclose any Evaluation Material to any employee or Representative of the other Party, other than the employees and Representatives named on the working
group lists provided by the Parties from time to time. 

    (g)
  General.
  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, neither Party will be restricted
from using the information contained in the Evaluation Material that is retained in the minds of
Representatives who have had access to the other Party's Evaluation Material, unless such use shall infringe on any of such Party's patent rights, trademark rights or copyright rights. 

    4.  
Accuracy of Evaluation Material; No Representations or Warranties.
  Each Party acknowledges and
agrees (a) that no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by either Party or any of its respective Representatives as to the accuracy or completeness of the Evaluation
Material, and (b) that the Parties shall be entitled to rely only on those representations and warranties (if any) that may be made in a definitive written agreement for the Transaction, signed
and delivered by both Parties, and then only to the extent, and subject to the limitations, provided therein. 

    5.  
No Solicitation.
  For a period of one year subsequent to the termination of discussions regarding a
Transaction, neither Party shall, without the prior written consent of the other Party, directly or indirectly solicit for hire any person currently employed by the other Party (or any of its
subsidiaries) with whom the hiring Party first has contact, or who first becomes known to the hiring Party, in the course of the Parties' discussions and due diligence with respect to the proposed
Transaction; 
provided, however,
 that the foregoing provision shall not prevent either Party, without such consent, from employing any employee who
(i) contacts the hiring Party directly at his or her own initiative without any direct or indirect solicitation by or encouragement from the hiring Party, (ii) responds to a mass media
solicitation or advertisement consistent with the hiring Party's past practices that is not directed at employees of the other Party or (iii) is identified by a third party executive search
firm or employment agency without any assistance from such Party. 

    6.  
Return and Destruction of Evaluation Material.
  At any time after termination of discussions by
either Party with respect to the Transaction, upon the request of the Furnishing Party, the Receiving Party shall promptly (and in no event later than five business days after such request)
(a) redeliver or cause to be redelivered to the Furnishing Party all copies of all Primary Evaluation Material in the possession or control of the Receiving Party or its Representatives which
is in a visual or written format and erase or destroy all copies of all such Primary Evaluation Material which is stored in electronic format, and (b) destroy or cause to be destroyed all
Derivative Evaluation Material in the possession or control of the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives. Nothing herein shall obligate the Receiving Party to provide any Derivative Evaluation
Material to the Furnishing Party. Notwithstanding the return, destruction or erasure of Evaluation Material hereunder, the Receiving Party and its Representatives shall continue to be bound by their
confidentiality and other obligations hereunder. 

    7.  
Remedies.
  Each Party agrees that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of
any provision of this Agreement by it or any of its Representatives, and that in addition to all other remedies which either Party may have, each Party shall be entitled to specific performance and
injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement but shall be in addition to all
other remedies available at law or in equity. No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder. In the event that either Party should institute proceedings to
enforce any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing Party in such proceedings shall be entitled to recover all expenses relating to the enforcement of this Agreement, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs, in addition to any other remedies. 

    8.  
Communications.
  CIDCO recognizes EarthLink will incur substantial expenses in conducting a due
diligence investigation of CIDCO, and in consideration for EarthLink's doing so, CIDCO agrees to cease and terminate immediately, and to cause its Representatives to cease and terminate immediately,
any negotiations (other than with EarthLink and its Representatives) with respect to any proposals relating to any business combination, tender offer or acquisition transaction involving the
acquisition by any third party of all or any portion of the stock or assets of CIDCO (any such proposal being a "
Third-Party Offer
" and any such
acquisition being a "
Third-Party Acquisition
"). In addition, CIDCO agrees that from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of (a) the date
a definitive agreement for EarthLink's acquisition of CIDCO is executed, or (b) October 31, 2001 (as the same may be extended by mutual written agreement of the parties, the
"
Restricted Period
"), CIDCO will not, and will not authorize or permit any of its Representatives, to directly or indirectly, solicit, consider or
encourage any inquiries or proposals for (or which may reasonably be expected to lead to) any Third-Party Offer, or engage in discussions, conversations, negotiations or other communications with or
provide any information to, or otherwise assist or cooperate with any person, entity or group in connection with any Third-Party Offer. Immediately upon receipt of any Third-Party Offer or related
inquiry during such period, CIDCO agrees to inform EarthLink of the fact of such Third-Party Offer or related inquiry, including, among other things, the identity of the third-party making such offer
or inquiry. Without limiting its application to the entirety of this Agreement, the provisions of Section 7 hereof, including without limitation EarthLink's remedies of specific performance and
injunction, shall be specifically applicable to violations of this first paragraph of Section 8. 

    Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, nothing contained in this Section 8 shall prohibit the Board of Directors of CIDCO from, only to the minimum extent
required, complying with the mandatory disclosure requirements of Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder with regard to an unsolicited Third-Party Offer, pursuant to advice of outside legal counsel, provided, that any recommendation by the Board of Directors other
than to recommend rejection of such offer shall be considered an immediate breach of this Section 8. 

    In
consideration of the efforts and resources to be expended by EarthLink in its due diligence investigation of CIDCO and related matters, CIDCO agrees that in the event that it
violates any provision of the first or second paragraphs of this Section 8 in any manner during the Restricted Period, CIDCO shall become liable to pay, and shall immediately pay, to EarthLink
One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) plus the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of EarthLink including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and other professional charges
incurred by EarthLink in connection with the proposed Transaction. The parties hereby agree that EarthLink would be substantially harmed as a result of such a violation of this Section 8, that
the specific damages incurred by EarthLink would be difficult of determination, and that this amount constitutes a reasonable estimate of such damages to be incurred by EarthLink and shall constitute
reasonable liquidated damages for a breach of this Section 8. 

    9.  
Miscellaneous.  

    (a)  
No License.
  Neither Party grants a license, by implication or otherwise,
under any of its trade secrets or other intellectual property rights to the Receiving Party. The terms of this Agreement shall not be construed to limit either Party's right to independently develop
or acquire products without use of the other Party's Evaluation Material. The Furnishing Party acknowledges that the Receiving Party may currently or in the future develop information internally, or
receive information from other parties, that is similar to the Evaluation Material. Accordingly, nothing in this Agreement will be construed as a representation or agreement that the Receiving Party
will not develop or have developed for it products, concepts, systems, or techniques that are similar to or compete with the products, concepts, systems or techniques contemplated by or embodied in
the Evaluation Material, 
provided
 that 

the Receiving Party does not violate any of its obligations under this Agreement in connection with such development. 

    (b)
  Entire Agreement.
  This Agreement contains the sole and entire agreement between the Parties with
respect to the confidentiality of the Evaluation Material and the confidentiality of their discussions, negotiations and investigations concerning a Transaction. 

    (c)  
Amendment and Waiver.
  This Agreement may be amended, modified or waived only by a separate written
instrument duly signed and delivered by or on behalf of both Parties. 

    (d)  
Severability.
  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not
impair or affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement unless the enforcement of such provision in such circumstances would be inequitable. 

    (e)  
No Obligation to Complete a Transaction.
  It is expressly understood that this Agreement is not
intended to, and does not, constitute an agreement to consummate a Transaction, to conduct or continue negotiations with respect to a Transaction, or to enter into a definitive agreement with respect
to a Transaction, and neither Party shall have any rights or obligations of any kind whatsoever with respect to such a Transaction by virtue of this Agreement or by virtue of any other written or oral
expression by the Parties' respective Representatives unless and until a definitive agreement with respect to a Transaction is executed and delivered by both Parties, other than for the matters
specifically agreed to herein. Both Parties further acknowledge and agree that each Party reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to provide or not to provide Evaluation Material to the Receiving
Party under this Agreement, to reject any and all proposals made by the other Party or any of its Representatives with regard to a Transaction, and to terminate discussions and negotiations at any
time. If either Party determines not to proceed with negotiations with respect to a Transaction, it will promptly inform the other Party of such determination. 

    (f)  
Governing Law; Forum.
  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
internal laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to the principles of the conflict of laws thereof. Each Party consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts
in the State of Georgia, and the city of Atlanta, for the adjudication of any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or otherwise relating to this Agreement. 

    [Signatures
on following page] 

    The Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

EarthLink, Inc.

CIDCO, Incorporated

By:

/s/ Nathaniel B. Cobb

By:

/s/ Robert Wonsetler

Name:

Nathaniel B. Cobb

Name:

Robert Wonsetler

Title:

VP, Strategy & Development

Title:

V.P. Strategic Bus. Dev.

QuickLinks

MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT