URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/32666/000089843201500507/0000898432-01-500507.txt

 1:		96 S GEORGE ST
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7177711700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		96 SOUTH GEORGE STREET
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMFRE GRANT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19721005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMONS HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMONS INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870216

PREM14A

e479569.txt

                                  SCHEDULE 14A
                            SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by Registrant   |X|

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant   |_|

Check the appropriate box:

    |X|      Preliminary Proxy Statement

    |_|      Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by
             Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

    |_|      Definitive Proxy Statement

    |_|      Definitive Additional Materials

    |_|      Soliciting Material Pursuant to Section 240.14a-11(c) or Section
             240.14a-12

                        Emons Transportation Group, Inc.
     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
       Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

    |_|      No fee required.

    |X|      Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and
             0-11.

             1)   Title of each class of securities to which transaction
                  applies: Common Stock

             2)   Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
                  7,412,711

             3)   Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction
                  computed pursuant to Exchange Act 0-11 (set forth the amount
                  on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was
                  determined): $2.50 per share of Common Stock

             4)   Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
                  $18,531,778.00

             5)   Total fee paid: $3,706.36

    |_|      Fee paid previously with preliminary materials

    |_|      Check box if any part of the fee is offset as  provided by Exchange
             Act  Rule   0-11(a)(2)  and  identify  the  filing  for  which  the
             offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by
             registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date
             of its filing.

             1)   Amount Previously Paid:
                                         ---------------------------------------

             2)   Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
                                                               -----------------
             3)   Filing Party:
                                ------------------------------------------------
             4)   Date Filed:
                              --------------------------------------------------

                        EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.
                             96 SOUTH GEORGE STREET
                          YORK, PENNSYLVANIA 17401-1436
                                 (717) 771-1700

January ________, 2002

Dear Stockholder:

         You are cordially  invited to attend a Special  Meeting of Stockholders
of Emons Transportation  Group, Inc. (Emons) to be held on February ___, 2002 at
10:00 a.m.,  local time, at The Yorktowne  Hotel,  48 East Market Street,  York,
Pennsylvania 17401.

         At the special  meeting,  you will be asked to consider and vote upon a
proposal  to approve  and adopt the  Agreement  and Plan of Merger,  dated as of
December  3,  2001,  by and among  Emons,  Genesee & Wyoming  Inc.,  a  Delaware
corporation,  and ETR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly
owned  subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming Inc.,  pursuant to which ETR  Acquisition
Corporation  will merge with and into Emons and each share of Emons common stock
outstanding at the effective time of the merger will  automatically be converted
into the right to receive $2.50 in cash,  without interest.  Consummation of the
merger also requires approval by the Surface Transportation Board as well as the
satisfaction of other customary conditions.

         Details of the  proposed  merger and other  important  information  are
described in the  accompanying  Notice of Special  Meeting and Proxy  Statement.
Please give these important documents your prompt attention.

         THE  OUTSIDE  MEMBERS OF EMONS'  BOARD OF  DIRECTORS  HAVE  UNANIMOUSLY
DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF EMONS'  STOCKHOLDERS  AND
HAVE UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT. THE OUTSIDE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD
OF  DIRECTORS  UNANIMOUSLY  RECOMMEND  THAT YOU VOTE FOR  ADOPTION OF THE MERGER
AGREEMENT.

         Your vote,  regardless  of the number of shares you hold,  is extremely
important. In order for the merger to be consummated,  the merger agreement must
be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding  shares of Emons common stock.  Please  complete,  sign and date the
enclosed  proxy  card and  return  it as soon as  possible  in the  postage-paid
envelope  provided  so that  your  shares  will be  represented  at the  special
meeting.  The  return of your  proxy card will not  prevent  you from  voting in
person but will assure that your vote is counted if you are unable to attend the
special  meeting.  You may revoke your proxy at any time prior to its  exercise,
and you may  attend the  special  meeting  and vote in person,  even if you have
previously   returned  your  proxy  card.  PLEASE  DO  NOT  SEND  IN  ANY  STOCK
CERTIFICATES AT THIS TIME.

         I thank you for the  support  you have given us in the past and for the
thoughtful attention I know you will give to the merger proposal.

                                   Sincerely,

                                   Robert Grossman
                                   Chairman of the Board,
                                   President and Chief Executive Officer

                        EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.
                             96 SOUTH GEORGE STREET
                          YORK, PENNSYLVANIA 17401-1436
                                 (717) 771-1700

                              ---------------------

                                     NOTICE
                         SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                         TO BE HELD ON FEBRUARY __, 2002

         NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a Special  Meeting of Stockholders of Emons
Transportation  Group, Inc. (Emons) will be held at The Yorktowne Hotel, 48 East
Market Street,  York,  Pennsylvania  17401, on February ___, 2002 at 10:00 a.m.,
local time. The special meeting will be held for the following purposes:

         1. To consider and vote upon the adoption of the  Agreement and Plan of
Merger,  dated as of December  3, 2001,  by and among  Emons,  Genesee & Wyoming
Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation,  and ETR  Acquisition  Corporation,  a Delaware
corporation  and wholly owned  subsidiary  of Genesee & Wyoming  Inc., a copy of
which is attached as Appendix A to the  enclosed  Proxy  Statement,  pursuant to
which ETR Acquisition  Corporation will merge with and into Emons and each share
of Emons  common  stock  outstanding  at the  effective  time of the merger will
automatically  be  converted  into the right to receive  $2.50 in cash,  without
interest.

         2. To consider such other  matters and transact such other  business as
may properly come before the special meeting, or any adjournment or postponement
of the special meeting.

         Only   stockholders   of  record  as  of  the  close  of   business  on
_______________,  2002 are  entitled  to  notice  of and to vote at the  special
meeting.  Adoption of the merger agreement  requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Emons common stock.

         You are requested to fill in and sign the enclosed proxy card, which is
solicited  on behalf of the Board of  Directors,  and to mail it promptly in the
enclosed  envelope,  whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting.  The
proxy will not be used if you attend and vote at the special meeting in person.

         Any holder of our common  stock who wishes to demand  appraisal  rights
with  respect to such  holder's  shares  must comply  with the  requirements  of
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a copy of which is attached
as   Appendix   B  to  the   accompanying   Proxy   Statement.   See  also  "THE
MERGER-Appraisal Rights" in the accompanying Proxy Statement.

                                    BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                                    Scott F. Ziegler
                                    Secretary

York, Pennsylvania
January __________, 2002

         YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT.  ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT  REQUIRES THE
AFFIRMATIVE VOTE OF THE HOLDERS OF AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES
OF OUR  COMMON  STOCK.  ACCORDINGLY,  IN ORDER TO  ENSURE A QUORUM  AND THAT THE
REQUISITE  VOTES  ARE  OBTAINED,  WE URGE  YOU TO  COMPLETE,  SIGN  AND DATE THE
ENCLOSED  PROXY CARD AS SOON AS POSSIBLE  AND RETURN IT THE  ENCLOSED  ENVELOPE,
WHICH REQUIRES NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES.  YOU MAY  NEVERTHELESS
VOTE IN PERSON IF YOU ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING.

         PLEASE  DO NOT SEND IN ANY  STOCK  CERTIFICATES  AT THIS  TIME.  IF THE
MERGER IS CONSUMMATED,  YOU WILL BE SENT INSTRUCTIONS REGARDING THE SURRENDER OF
YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES.

                        EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.
                             96 SOUTH GEORGE STREET
                          YORK, PENNSYLVANIA 17401-1436
                                 (717) 771-1700

                               -------------------

                                 PROXY STATEMENT
                         SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                         TO BE HELD ON FEBRUARY __, 2002

                                  INTRODUCTION

         This  Proxy  Statement  and  the  accompanying  proxy  card  are  being
furnished  to the holders of common  stock,  par value  $0.01 per share  (Common
Stock),  of Emons  Transportation  Group,  Inc.  (Emons) in connection  with the
solicitation  of proxies by the Board of Directors for use at a special  meeting
of stockholders to be held on February _____, 2002 at 10:00 a.m., local time, or
at any adjournment or postponement of the special  meeting.  The special meeting
will be held at The Yorktowne Hotel, 48 East Market Street,  York,  Pennsylvania
17401.

         This Proxy  Statement  and the proxy card are first being  mailed on or
about  _________,  2002 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on
__________, 2002.

         At the special meeting, stockholders will be asked to consider and vote
upon a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger,  dated as
of December 3, 2001,  by and among  Emons,  Genesee & Wyoming  Inc.,  a Delaware
corporation,  and ETR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly
owned  subsidiary  of Genesee & Wyoming  Inc. A copy of the merger  agreement is
attached to this Proxy  Statement as Appendix A. The merger  agreement  provides
for the merger of ETR Acquisition  Corporation with and into Emons with Emons as
the surviving corporation. On the effective date of the merger:

         o     each share of Common Stock, together with associated Common Stock
               purchase rights  outstanding at the effective time of the merger,
               will be  converted  into  the  right  to  receive  $2.50 in cash,
               without interest;

         o     each  outstanding  stock  option and  warrant  granted  under our
               option plans or otherwise  will be canceled and each grantee will
               be  entitled  to receive in lieu of such option or warrant a cash
               payment  equal to any positive  difference  between $2.50 and the
               per share exercise price of the option or warrant; and

         o     each  share  of  restricted   Common  Stock  outstanding  at  the
               effective  time of the merger will be converted into the right to
               receive $2.50 in cash, without interest.

         For a more complete  description of the merger  agreement and the terms
of the merger, see "THE MERGER" and Appendix A.

         THIS  PROXY  STATEMENT  HAS NOT BEEN  APPROVED  OR  DISAPPROVED  BY THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE  COMMISSION OR ANY STATE  SECURITIES  COMMISSION NOR HAS
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED
UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

         The   date of this Proxy Statement is ________, 2002.

                                

SUMMARY ......................................................................1
         Date, Time, Place and Purpose of Special Meeting;
           Record Date; Required Vote............................. ...........1
         The Companies........................................................1
         The Merger...........................................................2
         Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation by the Board of Directors.....2
         Opinion of Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc..................................2
         Conditions to the Merger.............................................2
         Payment for Common Stock.............................................2
         Stock Options and Warrants...........................................2
         Restricted Stock.....................................................3
         Appraisal Rights.....................................................3
         Material Federal Income Tax Consequences.............................3
         No Solicitation of Alternative Transactions..........................3
         Termination of the Merger Agreement..................................3
         Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger...........................3
         Related Agreements...................................................4

VOTING RIGHTS AND PROXY INFORMATION...........................................5

THE MERGER....................................................................6
         General  ............................................................6
         Background of the Merger.............................................6
         Recommendation of the Board of Directors; Reasons for the Merger.....8
         Opinion of Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc..................................9
         Effective Date; Effective Time......................................14
         Appraisal Rights....................................................14
         Payment for Shares..................................................15
         Related Agreements..................................................16
         Conditions to the Merger............................................17
         Covenants; Conduct of Business Pending the Merger...................19
         Efforts to Complete the Merger......................................21
         No Solicitation of Alternative Transactions.........................22
         Termination of the Merger Agreement.................................22
         Termination Fees....................................................24
         Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger..........................25
         Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger..............25
         Accounting Treatment................................................26
         Operations After the Merger.........................................26
         Regulatory Approvals................................................26

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT...............28
         Security Ownership of Directors and Management......................28
         Principal Holders of Voting Securities..............................30

INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS.....................................31

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS........................................................31

OTHER MATTERS................................................................31

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION..................................................31

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION..........................................32

                                       i

APPENDIX A - Agreement and Plan of Merger
APPENDIX B - Section 262 of the Delaware  General  Corporation  Law
APPENDIX C - Opinion of Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.
APPENDIX D - Voting Agreement

                                       ii

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                     SUMMARY

         The  following  is a summary  of  information  contained  in this Proxy
Statement and the appendices attached to this Proxy Statement. This summary does
not contain a complete  statement  of all material  information  relating to the
proposed merger or of the information contained in the appendices and is subject
to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the more  detailed  information
contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement, including the appendices.

DATE, TIME, PLACE AND PURPOSE OF SPECIAL MEETING; RECORD DATE; REQUIRED VOTE

         A special meeting of stockholders of Emons  Transportation  Group, Inc.
will be held on February ___,  2002 at 10:00 a.m.,  local time, at The Yorktowne
Hotel, 48 East Market Street, York,  Pennsylvania 17401. At the special meeting,
you will be asked to consider  and vote upon the adoption of the  Agreement  and
Plan of Merger,  dated as of December 3, 2001. Pursuant to the merger agreement,
on the effective date of the merger,  ETR  Acquisition  Corporation,  a Delaware
corporation  and wholly owned  subsidiary  of Genesee & Wyoming Inc., a Delaware
corporation, will merge with and into Emons Transportation Group, Inc., and each
share of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), outstanding
at the effective  time of the merger will  automatically  be converted  into the
right to receive $2.50 in cash, without interest (Merger Consideration). At this
time,  all  voting  and  other  similar  rights  of  our  stockholders  will  be
terminated.  Only  stockholders  of record as of the close of business on , 2002
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special  meeting.  The  affirmative
vote of the  holders of at least a  majority  of the  outstanding  shares of our
Common Stock is required to approve the merger.  See  "INTRODUCTION" and "VOTING
RIGHTS AND PROXY INFORMATION."

THE COMPANIES

         EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.

         Emons  Transportation  Group,  Inc.  (Emons),  a  Delaware  corporation
organized in 1986, is a rail freight  transportation  and distribution  services
company serving the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast  regions of the United States and
Quebec,  Canada.  Emons  owns four  short line  railroads,  operates  rail/truck
transload facilities and a rail intermodal terminal, and provides customers with
logistics  services for the movement  and storage of freight.  Emons'  executive
offices  are  located  at 96 South  George  Street,  York,  Pennsylvania  17401,
telephone number (717) 771-1700.

         GENESEE & WYOMING INC.

         Genesee & Wyoming Inc.  (GWI),  incorporated  in Delaware in 1977, is a
holding  company whose  subsidiaries  and  unconsolidated  affiliates own and/or
operate  short line and  regional  freight  railroads  and provide  related rail
services in North America,  South America and Australia.  GWI,  through its U.S.
industrial switching subsidiary, also provides freight car switching and related
services to industrial  companies  located in the United  States with  extensive
railroad facilities within their complexes.  GWI's executive offices are located
at 66 Field Point Road,  Greenwich,  Connecticut  06830,  telephone number (203)
629-3722.

         ETR ACQUISITION CORPORATION

         ETR  Acquisition  Corporation  (ETR) is a Delaware  corporation  formed
solely for the purpose of merging into Emons and has not conducted any unrelated
activities  since its  organization.  ETR is a wholly owned  subsidiary  of GWI.
ETR's  executive  offices  are  located  at  66  Field  Point  Road,  Greenwich,
Connecticut 06830, telephone number (203) 629-3722.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE MERGER

         Pursuant  to the  merger  agreement,  ETR will be merged  with and into
Emons and each share of Common Stock and associated  purchase rights outstanding
at the effective  time of the merger will  automatically  be converted  into the
right to receive $2.50 in cash, without interest.  As a result of the merger, we
will cease to be an independent publicly traded company and will become a wholly
owned  subsidiary  of GWI.  See  "THE  MERGER"  and  Appendix  A to  this  Proxy
Statement.  GWI will  treat the merger as a purchase  for  accounting  purposes.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         The  outside  members  of  our  Board  of  Directors  have  unanimously
determined  that the  merger  is fair  to,  and in the best  interests  of,  our
stockholders. In making this determination,  the Board of Directors considered a
number of factors,  including  our business  and  prospects,  conditions  in the
marketplace,  consolidation  in the  railroad  industry  and the  opinion of our
financial  advisor.  THE OUTSIDE  MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  UNANIMOUSLY
RECOMMEND THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR ADOPTION OF THE MERGER  AGREEMENT.  See
"THE  MERGER-Recommendation of the Board of Directors;  Reasons for the Merger."

OPINION OF FERRIS, BAKER WATTS, INC.

         In connection  with the merger,  the Board of Directors  considered the
opinion of our financial  advisor,  Ferris,  Baker Watts,  Inc. (FBW), as to the
fairness of the Merger  Consideration to our stockholders from a financial point
of view. FBW delivered its opinion on December 2, 2001 to the effect that, as of
that  date and  based  upon and  subject  to the  assumptions,  limitations  and
qualifications described in the opinion, the consideration of $2.50 per share in
cash to be received by our stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement is fair
from a financial  point of view to such  stockholders.  A copy of the opinion is
attached to this Proxy  Statement as Appendix C. FBW's  opinion was provided for
the   information   of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  does  not  constitute  a
recommendation as to how any stockholder should vote with respect to the merger.
See "THE MERGER-Opinion of Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc."

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

         The merger  agreement sets forth a number of customary  conditions that
must be satisfied  before the merger may be consummated,  including the adoption
of the  merger  agreement  by the  requisite  vote of our  stockholders  and the
receipt  of  all  necessary  consents,   waivers,   clearances,   approvals  and
authorizations  from  regulatory or governmental  bodies,  including the Surface
Transportation  Board.  See "THE  MERGER-Conditions  to the  Merger;  Regulatory
Approvals."

PAYMENT FOR COMMON STOCK

         If the  merger is  consummated,  we will  notify  you  promptly  of the
consummation of the merger and advise you of the procedure for surrender of your
stock certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration,  which will be paid
promptly  after you surrender the stock  certificates.  Stockholders  should not
send in stock  certificates at this time. See "THE  MERGER-Payment  for Shares."

STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

         Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding
option and warrant  granted under our option plans or otherwise,  whether or not
yet vested, will be considered vested and will be canceled and each grantee will
be entitled to receive in lieu of each option or warrant a cash payment equal to
any positive  difference  between $2.50 and the per share exercise price of such
option or warrant.  See "THE MERGER-Payment for  Shares-Treatment of Options and
Warrants."

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

RESTRICTED STOCK

         Immediately  prior to the effective  time of the merger,  each share of
restricted Common Stock outstanding at the effective time will become vested and
will be  converted  into the right to  receive  Merger  Consideration.  See "THE
MERGER-Payment for Shares-Treatment of Restricted Stock."

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

         Under   specified   conditions  and  by  complying  with  the  specific
procedures  required by Delaware General  Corporation Law Section 262, a copy of
which has been attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix B, our  stockholders
will have the right to  dissent  from the  merger,  in which  event  they may be
entitled  to receive in cash the  judicially  determined  "fair  value" of their
shares of Common Stock. See "THE MERGER-Appraisal Rights."

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

         The exchange of shares of Common Stock for cash by an Emons stockholder
pursuant to the merger (or, in the case of a dissenting stockholder, pursuant to
any appraisal proceedings) will be a taxable transaction to such stockholder for
federal income tax purposes.  In general, a stockholder  (including a dissenting
stockholder)  will  recognize  gain or loss  equal  to the  difference,  if any,
between the amount of cash received in exchange for the stockholder's  shares of
Common Stock and the stockholder's tax basis in the shares (except,  in the case
of dissenting stockholders,  for any amount constituting interest, which will be
taxable as ordinary income).

         You  should  read  carefully  the  discussion  in "THE  MERGER-Material
Federal Income Tax  Consequences of the Merger" section of this Proxy Statement.
We urge you to consult your own tax advisor as to the specific  consequences  to
you of the merger under federal,  state, local, foreign and any other applicable
tax laws.

NO SOLICITATION OF ALTERNATIVE TRANSACTIONS

         The merger  agreement  provides that we will not  initiate,  solicit or
encourage  any  proposals or offers with respect to a merger,  consolidation  or
specified  similar  transactions  involving  us  or  any  of  our  subsidiaries;
provided,  however,  that we may  engage in  negotiations  and  discussions  and
provide  information  in  certain  circumstances  to  a  person  relating  to  a
transaction  that we have not solicited if the Board of  Directors,  upon advice
from  counsel,  determines  that it is required to do so in the  exercise of its
fiduciary duties. See "THE MERGER-No Solicitation of Alternative  Transactions."

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

         The merger agreement may be terminated either by GWI or us acting alone
under specified circumstances, or by mutual consent. In certain circumstances, a
termination  fee of $1  million  is  payable  by us to GWI and in other  certain
circumstances,  by  GWI  to  us.  See  "THE  MERGER-Termination  of  the  Merger
Agreement; Termination Fees."

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

         Subject to further  discussions and negotiation  following the close of
the  merger,  Robert  Grossman,  Chairman  of the  Board,  President  and  Chief
Executive Officer of Emons, may to enter into an employment arrangement with GWI
whereby Mr.  Grossman would become an employee of GWI in an executive  capacity.
Also, subject to further discussions and negotiation  following the close of the
merger,  Scott F. Ziegler,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Emons, may to enter into an employment  arrangement with GWI whereby Mr. Ziegler
would   become  an  employee  of  GWI  in  a  financial   management   capacity.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         In  addition,  upon  consummation  of the  merger,  GWI has  agreed  to
guarantee  a payment  to each of Mr.  Grossman  and Mr.  Ziegler  in the  amount
provided for in Emons' employment  agreement with Mr. Grossman and Emons' change
in control  agreement  with Mr.  Ziegler,  which they would have  otherwise been
entitled to receive upon their  termination of employment  following a change of
control of Emons.

         Pursuant  to the merger  agreement,  GWI is also  obligated  to provide
certain  indemnification  to the present and former  directors  and  officers of
Emons and to maintain,  subject to specified  limitations,  the  directors'  and
officers' liability insurance policies currently maintained by Emons.
See "THE MERGER-Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger."

RELATED AGREEMENTS

         Six of the seven directors of Emons have entered into an agreement with
GWI, a copy of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix D, pursuant
to which these directors  agree to vote all shares of Common Stock  beneficially
owned  by them in favor of the  merger.  As of the  record  date,  these  shares
constituted   approximately   10.6%  of  outstanding   Common  Stock.  See  "THE
MERGER-Related  Agreements-Voting  Agreement"  and  Appendix  D  to  this  Proxy
Statement.

         In connection  with the merger,  we have executed with our rights agent
an amendment to our stockholder  rights agreement.  The amendment  provides that
the merger will not be subject to the stockholder  rights agreement and will not
trigger  the  distribution  of  rights  thereunder.   See  "THE   MERGER-Related
Agreements-Amendment to Stockholder Rights Agreement."

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       VOTING RIGHTS AND PROXY INFORMATION

         The Board of Directors fixed the close of business on __________,  2002
as the record date for determining holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. As of the record date,
there were  7,076,804  shares of Common  Stock issued and  outstanding,  each of
which is entitled to one vote. At that date,  such shares were held of record by
approximately __________ stockholders.

         THE MERGER  WILL NOT BE  CONSUMMATED  UNLESS THE  MERGER  AGREEMENT  IS
APPROVED  BY THE  AFFIRMATIVE  VOTE OF THE HOLDERS OF AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE
OUTSTANDING SHARES OF EMONS COMMON STOCK.

         Shares of Common Stock represented by properly executed proxies will be
voted in  accordance  with the  instructions  indicated on the proxies or, if no
instructions  are  indicated,  will be voted  "FOR" the  proposal to approve and
adopt the merger  agreement and in the discretion of the proxy holders as to any
other  matter  that  may  properly  come  before  the  special  meeting  or  any
adjournment or postponement of the special meeting.  A stockholder who has given
a proxy may revoke it at any time before it is voted:

         o     by  delivering to the Secretary of Emons at or before the special
               meeting a written notice of revocation  bearing a later date than
               the proxy,

         o     by delivering  to the  Secretary of Emons a duly  executed  proxy
               bearing a later date than the proxy being revoked, or

         o     by attending the special meeting and voting in person. Attendance
               at the  special  meeting  will  not in and of  itself  constitute
               revocation of a proxy.

         The holders of a majority  of the  outstanding  shares of Common  Stock
present  in person or  represented  by proxy  will  constitute  a quorum for the
transaction  of business at the special  meeting.  The  affirmative  vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the  outstanding  shares of Emons Common Stock
is necessary to adopt the merger  agreement.  A majority of the shares of Common
Stock  present at the  special  meeting,  in person or by proxy,  whether or not
constituting a quorum, may vote to adjourn the special meeting from time to time
without  further  notice,  including  for the purpose of  soliciting  additional
proxies.  The  inspectors  of election  appointed  for the special  meeting will
determine  the  existence  of a quorum and will  tabulate  the votes cast at the
special meeting.  Abstentions will be treated as shares of Common Stock that are
present and  entitled  to vote for  purposes of  determining  the  presence of a
quorum but will have the same effect as votes cast  "AGAINST"  the  proposal for
purposes of determining  the approval of any matter  submitted for a vote of the
stockholders.  If a broker  indicates  on the proxy that he or she does not have
discretionary  authority to vote on a particular  matter as to certain shares of
Common Stock,  such broker  non-vote will not be counted as having been voted in
person or by proxy at the  special  meeting  and will have the same  effect as a
vote "AGAINST" the proposal.

         Our directors and executive  officers are entitled to vote an aggregate
of 858,914 shares of Common Stock constituting approximately 12.1% of the shares
outstanding  on the  record  date.  Certain  directors  have  executed  a voting
agreement   with  GWI  pursuant  to  which  they  have  agreed  to  vote  shares
beneficially  owned by them,  totaling  748,914  shares of  Common  Stock in the
aggregate and constituting  approximately 10.6% of the shares outstanding on the
record date,  in favor of the merger.  A copy of the voting  agreement  has been
attached  to this Proxy  Statement  as Appendix D. See  "SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF
CERTAIN   BENEFICIAL   OWNERS   AND   MANAGEMENT"   and   "THE    MERGER-Related
Agreements-Voting Agreement."

         Solicitation will be primarily by mail but may also be made by personal
interview or by  telephone,  in each case by our officers and regular  employees
who will not be additionally  compensated,  or by a proxy  soliciting  firm, the
cost of which will be borne by Emons.  We will request  persons such as brokers,
nominees and  fiduciaries,  holding stock in their names for others,  or holding
stock for  others  who have the right to give  voting  instructions,  to forward
proxy material to their  principals  and request  authority for the execution of
the proxy. The total cost of soliciting proxies will be borne by Emons.

                                   THE MERGER

GENERAL

         The following description of certain aspects of the merger is a summary
of the material terms of the merger agreement,  and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the merger agreement,  a copy of which is attached to this Proxy
Statement as Appendix A and  incorporated  herein by  reference.  We urge you to
read the merger agreement carefully.

         The merger  agreement  provides that ETR, a wholly owned  subsidiary of
GWI,  will be  merged  with  and into  Emons  with  Emons  being  the  surviving
corporation,  and each share of Common Stock,  together with  associated  Common
Stock purchase rights  outstanding at the effective time of the merger,  will be
automatically  converted  into the  right to  receive  $2.50  per share in cash,
without interest (Merger  Consideration).  The holders of shares of Common Stock
will thereafter cease to be stockholders of Emons.  Based on the total number of
shares  of  Common  Stock  and  related   purchase  rights   outstanding  as  of
____________,  2002, and the  consideration to be paid in respect of options and
warrants on Common Stock and restricted  Common Stock  outstanding on that date,
assuming all such options,  warrants and  restricted  Common Stock are converted
into the right to receive cash, we estimate that the total cash consideration to
be paid to our  stockholders  and  option and  warrant  holders in the merger is
approximately $18,532,000.

         The  merger is  subject to (1)  approval  by the  holders of at least a
majority of the outstanding shares of Emons Common Stock, (2) the receipt of all
necessary  consents,  waivers,  clearances,  approvals and  authorizations  from
regulatory or governmental bodies,  including the Surface  Transportation Board,
and (3) the  satisfaction or waiver of certain other  conditions,  including the
absence  of  judicial  or  regulatory  orders,  decrees,   injunctions,   rules,
regulations or actions seeking to prohibit or restrain the merger or which would
make  illegal  the  consummation  of the  merger.  See  "-Regulatory  Approvals;
- -Conditions to the Merger."

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         During  the  fall of  1999,  after  receipt  of  unsolicited  inquiries
regarding a potential merger transaction, our Board of Directors met to consider
various  strategies  to  increase  stockholder  value,  and  based  in  part  on
management's  opinion that our Common Stock was undervalued,  determined that it
would be  appropriate  to explore  strategic  alternatives  available  to Emons,
including a strategic acquisition or merger, a going private transaction, a sale
of part or all of Emons, or repurchases of Common Stock.  The Board of Directors
authorized  management  to engage  Ferris,  Baker  Watts,  Inc.  (FBW) as Emons'
financial advisor and to explore strategic alternatives with third parties.

         In November  1999,  after  GWI's  expression  of interest in  acquiring
Emons,  Emons  and GWI  executed  a  confidentiality  agreement  to allow GWI to
undertake due diligence activities regarding our business and operations.  After
conducting  its initial due  diligence,  GWI made an oral offer to purchase  all
outstanding  Common  Stock at a  proposed  price of $4.10  per  share in cash in
December  1999.  After  careful  consideration  of the  proposal by our Board of
Directors,  management was authorized to negotiate an acquisition agreement with
GWI. In February  2000,  citing  concern  that an  acquisition  at the  proposed
purchase  price would  negatively  affect  GWI's stock price,  GWI  discontinued
acquisition discussions with us.

         In March  2000,  the Board of  Directors  approved  a stock  repurchase
program for Common Stock.  From March 2000 through  January 2001, we repurchased
approximately  862,000  shares of Common  Stock and  warrants  to purchase up to
50,000 shares of Common Stock under the program.

          In  November  2000,  the  Board  of  Directors  again  considered  the
strategic  alternatives  available to Emons and authorized management and FBW to
explore such alternatives with selected railroad  companies.  FBW and management
initiated contact with seven companies between November 2000 and March 2001.

         In February  2001,  as a result of these  contacts,  we received from a
senior  officer of a  publicly  traded  American  short  line  railroad  company
(Company A) an oral  indication  of interest to acquire all  outstanding  Common

Stock at $2.26 per share to be paid in  restricted  stock of  Company  A.  After
careful  consideration  of the  proposal  and  consultation  with FBW on various
matters  affecting  the  determination  of a fair price,  the Board of Directors
directed  management  to advise  Company A that we were prepared to have further
discussions  only if  Company A was  willing to offer  consideration  of cash or
registered  common stock at a higher  price.  Company A thereafter  discontinued
discussions with us.

         In March 2001, also as a result of the contacts initiated by management
and FBW, we received from the principal of a privately owned American short line
railroad  and  railroad  services  company  (Company  B) an oral  indication  of
interest to acquire all  outstanding  stock of our operating  subsidiaries at an
estimated  net price to  stockholders  in the range of $3.36 to $3.83 per share.
After careful consideration of the proposal and consultation with FBW, the Board
of Directors authorized  management to proceed with negotiations with Company B.
Citing the reallocation of acquisition  funds to another  transaction,  in April
2001, Company B discontinued acquisition discussions with us.

         In  August  2001,  the  President  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of a
privately owned Canadian railroad company (Company C) contacted Robert Grossman,
Chairman of the Board,  President and Chief Executive  Officer of Emons, with an
oral indication of interest to acquire all  outstanding  Common Stock at a price
in  the  range  of  $1.48  to  $2.04  per  share  in  cash.  After  management's
consideration  of the proposal,  Mr. Grossman advised Company C that we would be
prepared to have further discussions if Company C was prepared to offer at least
$3.00 per share.

         In late August 2001, an Executive  Vice President of GWI contacted FBW,
indicating that GWI was again  interested in discussing an acquisition of Emons.
On October 18, 2001, Mr. Grossman,  Scott F. Ziegler,  Senior Vice President and
Chief  Financial  Officer  of Emons,  and a  representative  of FBW met with the
Executive Vice President,  the President and the Chief Financial  Officer of GWI
to  continue  discussions,  and on that date we entered  into a  confidentiality
agreement to allow GWI to undertake  due  diligence  activities.  On October 23,
2001, the Chief  Financial  Officer of GWI  communicated to FBW an oral offer to
acquire  all  outstanding  Common  Stock at $2.40 per share  payable in cash and
common stock of GWI.

         After  consultation  with FBW regarding  various matters  affecting the
determination of a fair price, Mr. Grossman  communicated to the Chief Financial
Officer of GWI that we were  prepared  to have  further  discussions  if GWI was
prepared to offer $2.50 to $3.00 per share in cash to acquire Emons. On November
9, 2001,  Mr.  Grossman  and Mr.  Ziegler met with the Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive  Officer and the Chief  Financial  Officer of GWI, at which time
such  management  of GWI  offered to  acquire  Emons at $2.50 per share in cash.
GWI's management  indicated that it had a substantial  revolving credit facility
through  which it  planned  to  finance  the  acquisition.  In  addition,  GWI's
management indicated that it would require approximately one week to conduct due
diligence of our business and  operations  and two weeks to prepare a definitive
acquisition agreement.

         On November 11, 2001,  the  President  and Chief  Executive  Officer of
Company C made an oral indication of interest to acquire all outstanding  Common
Stock at a price in the range of $2.50 to $3.00 per share in cash.  On  November
14, 2001, after  negotiations with us, the President and Chief Executive Officer
of Company C communicated to Mr. Grossman an offer to acquire Emons at $2.54 per
share in cash in a  transaction  that would be subject to Company C's ability to
obtain financing and that would require at least one month for due diligence and
preparation of a definitive acquisition agreement.

         On November 15, 2001,  the Board of Directors met to review and discuss
the status of management's  discussions  with GWI and Company C and the benefits
and potential  risks of remaining  independent.  In reviewing  information  with
respect to remaining  independent,  the Board  considered,  based in part on the
analyses of FBW presented at the meeting via teleconference, a range of possible
values  to  stockholders   that  could  potentially  be  achieved  by  remaining
independent and realizing  possible future earnings.  In this regard,  the Board
considered the risks of remaining  independent  that could affect our ability to
realize  future  earnings,  including,  but not  limited to,  volatility  in the
capital markets affecting our stock price, limited economic prospects for small,
independent,  short line railroads,  management's  opinion that Common Stock was
undervalued notwithstanding our stock repurchase program, and lack of capital to
pursue other strategic  alternatives.  Based on its review of these factors, the
Board of Directors  determined that the best interests of our stockholders would
be served by selling Emons.

         On November 19, 2001, the Board of Directors met via  teleconference to
review and discuss the substance of the two proposals.  In reviewing information
with respect to the two proposals,  the Board considered  factors  affecting the
value represented by the merger, including, but not limited to, the analyses and
assessments  of the  proposals  presented  by FBW, the  contingency  relating to
Company C's ability to secure  financing for the  transaction,  the proposed due
diligence periods of GWI and Company C and the effect of each on our operations,
and the request of GWI that our  directors  sign an agreement to vote all shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by them in favor of the merger.  Based on its
review and  consideration  of these factors,  the Board of Directors  determined
that the best interests of our stockholders  would be served by entering into an
acquisition  transaction  with GWI at the price of $2.50 per  share,  subject to
preparation of an acceptable definitive acquisition agreement.

         Representatives of Emons and GWI met via  teleconference  from November
20 through  November 30, 2001 to negotiate and prepare a definitive  acquisition
agreement.

         On the  evening of  December 2, 2001,  the Board of  Directors  met via
teleconference to consider a final form of the definitive acquisition agreement.
At this meeting, the Board of Directors received the written opinion of FBW that
as of that date the consideration to be received in the proposed merger with GWI
was fair,  from a financial  point of view, to the holders of Common Stock.  The
Board  considered  this and the terms of the definitive  acquisition  agreement,
including those terms that increased the likelihood  that the transaction  could
close but that would  otherwise  discourage  an offer by a third party,  if any,
that might be interested in acquiring Emons at a higher price, the fact that the
transaction would be taxable to our stockholders,  and the economic interests in
the  transaction  of Mr.  Grossman and Mr.  Ziegler,  who are also  directors of
Emons.  After  consideration  of all these factors,  the outside  members of the
Board of Directors  unanimously  approved the proposed merger and the definitive
acquisition  agreement and related matters,  finding the proposed transaction to
be in the best  interests of Emons and its  stockholders.  Mr.  Grossman and Mr.
Ziegler  recused  themselves  from the Board's  consideration  of the merger and
approval of the merger  agreement  because of their possible  future  employment
with GWI and their  entitlement to severance  payments upon  consummation of the
merger.  In addition,  six of the seven directors signed the voting agreement as
requested by GWI. See "THE MERGER-Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger."

         Emons and GWI executed the definitive acquisition agreement on December
3, 2001 and publicly announced the transaction.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS; REASONS FOR THE MERGER

         The Board of Directors  believes the merger is in the best interests of
our  stockholders  and the  outside  members  of the  Board  of  Directors  have
unanimously  approved the merger  agreement  and the  transactions  contemplated
thereby. As discussed above, and as additionally described below, based upon the
factors considered by the Board of Directors, the Board concluded that there was
substantial risk that in the long term we could not produce stockholder value by
remaining  independent in excess of that represented by the Merger Consideration
of $2.50 per share in cash and that the Merger  Consideration  was fair,  from a
financial point of view, to the stockholders.  THEREFORE, THE OUTSIDE MEMBERS OF
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  UNANIMOUSLY  RECOMMEND  THAT THE  STOCKHOLDERS  VOTE FOR
ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

         The  terms  of the  proposed  merger  are the  result  of  arm's-length
negotiations by representatives of Emons and representatives of GWI, culminating
in the signing of the merger  agreement  as of December 3, 2001.  In arriving at
its decision to sell Emons and approve and recommend the merger  agreement,  the
Board of Directors  considered a number of factors,  including,  but not limited
to, the following:

         o     The opinion of FBW, our financial advisor, that as of December 2,
               2001,  the  Merger  Consideration  of $2.50 per share in cash was
               fair,  from a financial  point of view,  to the holders of Common
               Stock,  including  the  methodology  and  appropriateness  of the
               assumptions made therein.  See "-Opinion of Ferris,  Baker Watts,
               Inc."

         o     Our  business,  results of  operations,  financial  condition and
               prospects.

         o     FBW's written presentations to the Board of Directors, including,
               among  other  issues,  the  relationship  of the  $2.50 per share
               Merger  Consideration  to the  recent  and  then  current  market
               values,  enterprise  value, book value, and earnings per share of
               Common  Stock and the prices and premiums  paid in certain  other
               similar transactions involving railroad companies.  See "-Opinion
               of Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc."

         o     The terms of the  proposed  merger  agreement,  including,  among
               other  things,   the   conditions  to  closing,   the  rights  of
               termination  and termination fee provisions set forth therein and
               the  potential  impact of the no  solicitation  clause on a third
               party  that  might be  interested  in making an offer to  acquire
               Emons.

         o     The terms of the proposed voting agreement.

         o     The general economic and competitive  conditions of the market in
               which we operate and consolidation trends in that market.

         o     Recent  volatility in the capital  markets and the impact of such
               changes on our prospects.

         o     The fact that no other party  besides  Company C had made a final
               proposal  to acquire  Emons,  even  though we had  announced  our
               intention to pursue strategic  alternatives in September 1999 and
               had  contacted a substantial  number of parties  considered to be
               likely potential purchasers.

         o     Other possible  strategic  alternatives  (see "-Background of the
               Merger")  and  management's  views that it was not likely  that a
               better  offer  could be obtained in the short term and that there
               could be no assurance that GWI would not withdraw its proposal if
               we were to solicit other potential acquirors.

         o     Our belief that,  after extensive  negotiations  with GWI, we had
               obtained the highest price per share that GWI was willing to pay.

         o     The financial resources of GWI.

         o     The likelihood of receiving the requisite regulatory approvals in
               a timely manner.

         o     The fact that the merger would be a taxable  transaction  for our
               stockholders.

         o     The interests of certain of our executive  officers and directors
               in the merger.

         In reaching its determination to approve and recommend the merger,  the
Board of  Directors  did not  assign any  relative  or  specific  weights to the
foregoing factors,  and individual directors may have given different weights to
different factors.

OPINION OF FERRIS, BAKER WATTS, INC.

         On December  2, 2001,  FBW  delivered  its oral  opinion,  subsequently
confirmed in writing,  to the Board of Directors to the effect that,  as of that
date  and  based  upon  and  subject  to  the   assumptions,   limitations   and
qualifications  described  in its  opinion,  the  $2.50  per share in cash to be
received in the merger for each share of Common Stock was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the stockholders.

         THE FULL TEXT OF THE FBW  OPINION,  WHICH  SETS  FORTH THE  ASSUMPTIONS
MADE,  PROCEDURES  FOLLOWED,   MATTERS  CONSIDERED  AND  LIMITS  ON  THE  REVIEW
UNDERTAKEN,   IS  ATTACHED  AS  APPENDIX  C  TO  THIS  PROXY  STATEMENT  AND  IS
INCORPORATED  HEREIN BY REFERENCE.  THE FBW OPINION WAS PROVIDED TO THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS FOR ITS INFORMATION  AND ASSISTANCE,  IS DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS
OF THE $2.50 PER SHARE IN CASH FROM A  FINANCIAL  POINT OF VIEW TO  STOCKHOLDERS
AND DOES NOT  CONSTITUTE  A  RECOMMENDATION  TO ANY  STOCKHOLDER  AS TO HOW SUCH
STOCKHOLDER SHOULD VOTE AT THE SPECIAL MEETING WITH RESPECT TO THE MERGER OR ANY
OTHER RELATED  MATTER.  THE  DESCRIPTION  OF THE FBW OPINION SET FORTH HEREIN IS

QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO APPENDIX C.  STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO
READ THE FBW OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY.

         In connection with its opinion, FBW, among other things:

         o     reviewed the merger agreement;

         o     reviewed Annual Reports to  Stockholders,  Annual Reports on Form
               10-K and Proxy  Statements of Emons for the five years ended June
               30, 2001;

         o     reviewed  the  Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q of Emons  for the
               period ended September 30, 2001;

         o     reviewed press releases of Emons for the last two years;

         o     reviewed  certain internal  financial  analyses and forecasts for
               Emons prepared by management;

         o     held discussions  with members of the senior  management of Emons
               regarding  their  assessment  of the  past and  current  business
               operations, financial condition and future prospects of Emons;

         o     reviewed  the reported  price and trading  activity for shares of
               Common Stock;

         o     compared certain financial and stock market information for Emons
               with  similar   information   for  certain  other  companies  the
               securities of which are publicly traded; and

         o     reviewed  the  financial   terms  of  certain   recent   business
               combinations  in  the  railroad  industry  specifically  and  the
               transportation  industry generally and performed such studies and
               analyses as it considered appropriate.

         FBW relied upon the accuracy and  completeness  of all of the financial
and  other  information  discussed  with or  reviewed  by FBW and  assumed  such
accuracy and  completeness  for purposes of rendering its opinion.  In addition,
FBW did not make an  independent  evaluation  or  appraisal  of the  assets  and
liabilities of Emons or any of its  subsidiaries and has not been furnished with
any such evaluation or appraisal.

         The following is a summary of the material  financial analyses utilized
by FBW in connection  with rendering its opinion to the Board of Directors,  but
does not purport to be a complete  description of the analyses  performed by FBW
or of its presentation to the Board of Directors.

         TRANSACTION MULTIPLES AND PREMIUM ANALYSIS. FBW derived certain values,
multiples and  transaction  premiums for the merger based on the $2.50 per share
in cash to be received by  stockholders  and using the closing  price for Common
Stock on November  30, 2001,  the last trading day before the parties  announced
the  execution  of the merger  agreement.  For  purposes of these  calculations,
projected sales, earnings before interest,  taxes, depreciation and amortization
(EBITDA), earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) and earnings per share (EPS)
for fiscal  year 2002 were based on  estimates  prepared  by Emons'  management.
Enterprise  Value  multiples were based on the $2.50 in cash to be paid for each
share of  Common  Stock in the  merger.  Enterprise  Value  equals  the value of
outstanding  Common Stock on a fully  diluted  basis plus net debt.  Information
regarding  debt,  cash and book value of equity was  obtained  from  Emons' most
recently available  quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2001. The results of this analysis are set forth below:

         CONSIDERATION:
                    Per share price                                   $2.50
                    Equity Value (in thousands)                     $18,532
                    Enterprise Value (in thousands)                 $29,459

         PREMIUM TO CLOSING SHARE PRICE:
                    November 30, 2001                                 63.4%
                    November 23, 2001                                 56.3%
                    October 31, 2001                                  63.4%
                    52 Week High                                      29.0%

         ENTERPRISE VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF:

         Operating Revenues:
                    Latest Twelve Months                               1.2x
                    Fiscal Year 2002 Estimate                          1.3x

           EBITDA:
                    Latest Twelve Months                               5.7x
                    Fiscal Year 2002 Estimate                          6.4x

           EBIT:
                    Latest Twelve Months                               9.3x
                    Fiscal Year  2002 Estimate                        11.7x

         EQUITY VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF:

         Earnings Per Share (1):
                    Latest Twelve Months                              13.4x
                    Fiscal Year 2002 Estimate                         18.4x

         Book Value:
                    Latest Twelve Months                               1.0x

         (1)   Earnings per share for the latest  twelve months does not include
               an income tax benefit of  approximately  $1.6  million and fiscal
               year 2002  estimated  earnings  per share  does not  include  the
               reversal of the income tax benefit of approximately $158,000.

         DISCOUNTED  CASH FLOW  ANALYSIS.  A discounted  cash flow  analysis was
utilized by FBW to establish an implied per share  valuation  for Common  Stock.
This  methodology  is premised on the assumption  that a buyer  purchases a time
series of free cash flows that are generated by the assets of the business. This
analysis separates and ascribes value only to the cash flows that can ultimately
be taken out of the  business.  Cash that is  generated  but used to sustain the
business (such as increases in working capital and capital expenditures) creates
no incremental value to the buyer.  These free cash flows are then discounted to
the present at the  company's  weighted  average  cost of capital.  The weighted
average cost of capital can be described as the average price a company must pay
to attract both debt and equity to properly  capitalize  its growth.  It is this
series of free cash  flows  that,  when  discounted  to the  present,  and after
subtracting claims by debt holders and others,  represents the economic value of
a company to its stockholders.

         In performing this analysis,  FBW used  projections  supplied by Emons'
management.  Projected  cash flows were  adjusted  to reflect the tax benefit of
available net operating  loss  carryforwards.  Using a weighted  average cost of
capital,  or discount  rate,  of 12.21% and a terminal  multiple of 6.14x,  this
analysis  resulted  in an implied  present  value for Common  Stock of $1.93 per
share.

         COMPARABLE PUBLIC COMPANY MULTIPLE ANALYSIS. As part of its December 2,
2001 presentation,  FBW reviewed and compared certain financial and stock market
information for Emons with other publicly traded railroad companies. The purpose
of this analysis is to apply  industry  multiples to Emons' recent and estimated
future results to derive a market based  estimate of its intrinsic  equity value
per share.  Since Emons' recent financial results have been negatively  affected
by the  economic  recession  in general  and the loss of a major  customer  that
ceased  operations on Emons' rail lines in August 2001 and filed for  bankruptcy
in September 2001, this valuation  methodology is less meaningful in determining
the  current  intrinsic  equity  value of  Common  Stock.  The  only  meaningful
multiples are the estimated 2002 earnings multiple, which is based on the future
earnings expectations of the business, and the multiple of book value.

         For its analysis,  FBW reviewed the financial  results for GWI, Pioneer
Railcorp,  Providence and Worcester Railroad Company and RailAmerica, Inc. Since
GWI and  RailAmerica,  Inc.  are  significantly  larger  than  Emons in terms of
revenues and have significantly larger market  capitalizations and average daily
trading  volumes,  FBW  determined  that  Pioneer  Railcorp and  Providence  and
Worcester  Railroad Company were better  comparable  companies.  Therefore,  the
average  multiples  used in this  analysis  only include  multiples  for Pioneer
Railcorp and Providence and Worcester Railroad Company,  except in determining a
market based 2002 price/earnings  multiple,  which estimates were only available
for GWI and RailAmerica, Inc.

         The financial data for  comparable  companies was for the latest twelve
months ended  September 30, 2001,  and the I/B/E/S 2002 earnings  estimates used
were  as  of  November  30,  2001.  FBW  applied  the  comparable  multiples  to
management's  fiscal 2002 estimates to determine  Emons'  intrinsic equity value
because  they do not  include  revenue  from  the  major  customer  that  ceased
operations  on Emons'  rail  lines in August  2001 and filed for  bankruptcy  in
September 2001 and more accurately reflect the current economic environment.

         The following  table  provides the implied  intrinsic  equity value per
share for Emons based on  multiples  for  comparable  publicly  traded  railroad
companies and management's estimated fiscal 2002 results:

                                                                  Implied Value
                                                                    Per Share
         Enterprise Value as a multiple of estimated 2002 (1):
                          Operating Revenues                            $2.46
                          EBITDA                                        $2.13
                          EBIT                                          $3.33

         Equity Value as a multiple of:
                          Estimated 2002 Earnings (2)                   $1.46
                          Book Value (3)                                $1.46

         (1)  Based on Pioneer  Railcorp and Providence  and Worcester  Railroad
              Company average latest twelve month multiples.

         (2)  Based on GWI and RailAmerica, Inc. average multiple.

         (3)  Based on September 30, 2001 balance sheet.

         COMPARABLE  MERGER AND  ACQUISITION  MULTIPLE  ANALYSIS.  FBW  reviewed
publicly available  information for comparable sale transactions in the railroad
industry and derived certain multiples based upon the consideration paid and the
Enterprise Values of the respective transaction.  Of the twelve railroad company
transactions  since January 1996  reviewed by FBW, it determined  that the three
most  recent  transactions,  given  their  similarity  in  size,  were  the most
comparable.  This method of  valuation  is limited by the lack of  comprehensive
financial data on the target companies involved in the transactions. Since these

three  transactions  were of private companies or divisions of larger companies,
the only meaningful multiple used for its analysis was the EBITDA multiple.

         FBW applied  the average  industry  multiple  to Emons'  latest  twelve
months and  estimated  fiscal 2002 EBITDA to derive a market  based  estimate of
intrinsic  equity  value per  share.  It is  important  to note that the  EBITDA
multiple derived from this analysis already includes a control premium, which is
the  price a buyer  must  pay over  current  market  value  in  order to  induce
stockholders  to  sell  a  majority  interest  in  the  company.   The  selected
transactions and their respective EBITDA multiples considered by FBW included:

                                                                    EBITDA
          Acquiror                    Target                        Multiple
          --------                    ------                        --------
          GWI                  South Buffalo Railway                 5.4x
          RailAmerica          StatesRail Companies                  6.4x
          RailAmerica          ParkSierra Corp.                      5.3x
                                                                ---------------
                               Average                               5.7x

         Based on Emons' latest twelve months EBITDA and management's  estimated
fiscal 2002 EBITDA,  the implied  equity  values for the Common Stock using this
valuation methodology are $2.48 per share and $2.07 per share, respectively.

         CONTROL  PREMIUM   ANALYSIS.   FBW  reviewed  twelve  railroad  company
transactions,  of which five involved transactions where the selling company was
publicly traded. FBW compared the purchase price to the target's stock price one
day,  one week and one month prior to the  announcement  date of the  respective
transaction.  For the five transactions  reviewed, the average one day, one week
and one month premiums were 15.6%, 15.5% and 26.7%, respectively. Using the same
time periods for Emons,  the purchase price of $2.50  represents a 63.4%,  56.3%
and 63.4% premium, respectively.

         Mergerstat/Shannon  Pratt's Control Premium Study analyzes stock prices
of target  companies  prior to takeover  announcements  and adjusts for takeover
speculation.   FBW  reviewed  market  data  for  fifteen   transactions  in  the
transportation   industry  in  general  since  January  1998.  For  the  fifteen
transactions  reviewed,  the average and median control  premiums were 36.1% and
32.1%, respectively, with a range of (7.5%) to 73.0%.

          The preparation of a fairness  opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily  susceptible to partial analysis or summary  description.  Selecting
portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above,  without considering
the  analyses  as a whole,  could  create an  incomplete  view of the  processes
underlying   the  opinion  of  FBW.  In   arriving  at  its   fairness   opinion
determination,  FBW  considered  the results of all such analyses and attributed
greater   weighting  to  those   analyses  that  focused  on  future   financial
performance. In addition, FBW made its determination as to fairness on the basis
of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all
such  analyses.  No  company  or  transaction  used in the above  analyses  as a
comparison is directly comparable to Emons or the merger.

         FBW prepared these analyses solely for purposes of providing an opinion
to the Board of Directors. The analyses do not purport to be appraisals,  nor do
they necessarily  reflect the prices at which businesses or securities  actually
may be sold. Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily
indicative of actual future  results,  which may be  significantly  more or less
favorable  than  suggested  by  these  analyses.   Because  these  analyses  are
inherently  subject to uncertainty,  being based upon numerous factors or events
beyond their  control,  neither Emons nor FBW assumes  responsibility  if future
results are materially different from those forecasted.

         Emons agreed to pay FBW a fee of approximately  $600,000.  All of FBW's
fee will be payable upon  consummation  of the merger.  In  addition,  Emons has
agreed to reimburse FBW for its out-of-pocket  expenses  (including the fees and
disbursements  of  FBW's  attorneys)  incurred  by FBW in  connection  with  the
services  provided  by it and to  indemnify  and hold  harmless  FBW and certain
related  parties from and against certain  liabilities  and expenses,  including

certain  liabilities under the federal  securities laws,  incurred in connection
with its engagement.

         FBW as part of its investment  banking business is continually  engaged
in the valuation of businesses and their  securities in connection  with mergers
and acquisitions,  public  underwritings,  private placements and valuations for
corporate  and other  purposes.  Emons  selected  FBW as its  financial  advisor
because  FBW is a  recognized  investment  banking  firm  that  has  substantial
experience in investment banking in general,  including  transactions similar to
the proposed  merger,  and because of its familiarity  with, and prior work for,
Emons.

         FBW is familiar with Emons,  having provided certain investment banking
services to it from time to time,  including  having  acted as Emons'  financial
advisor  and  provided  a  fairness  opinion  for its  merger  with  ETG  Merger
Corporation  that  resulted in the  exchange of each share of Emons  outstanding
$0.14 Series A Cumulative  Convertible Preferred Stock into 1.1 shares of Common
Stock in June  1999.  FBW was  retained  by Emons in  September  1999 to explore
strategic alternatives  including,  but not limited to, an acquisition or merger
transaction and has acted as Emons'  financial  advisor in connection  with, and
participated in certain of the  negotiations  leading to, the merger  agreement.
FBW has never had an investment  banking  relationship  with GWI. FBW provides a
full range of  financial  advisory and  securities  services and has advised the
Board of Directors that, in the course of its normal trading activities,  it may
from time to time effect  transactions  and hold securities of Emons for its own
account or for the accounts of its customers.

EFFECTIVE DATE; EFFECTIVE TIME

         The closing of the  transactions  contemplated by the merger  agreement
will  take  place  on the  second  business  day  after  all  conditions  to the
consummation  of the merger  agreement  are  satisfied or waived,  including the
receipt of approval of our  stockholders  and the  receipt of all  approvals  of
governmental authorities, or on such other date as may be agreed by the parties,
and in any  event no later  than June 1,  2002,  unless  mutually  agreed by the
parties.  The "Effective  Date" of the merger will be the date on which articles
of  merger,  in  the  form  prescribed  and  executed  in  accordance  with  all
appropriate legal requirements, are filed as required by law, or such later time
as agreed by the parties. The "Effective Time" of the merger will be the time of
such filing or as set forth in such articles of merger.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

         If the merger is consummated,  any holder of record of Common Stock who
follows  the  procedures  specified  in  Section  262  of the  Delaware  General
Corporation  Law is entitled to have such  stockholder's  shares of Common Stock
appraised by the  Delaware  Court of Chancery and to receive the "fair value" of
the shares as of the  Effective  Time as  determined by the court in lieu of the
Merger  Consideration.  Under  Section 262, if a merger is to be  submitted  for
approval at a meeting of  stockholders,  as in the case of the special  meeting,
not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,  the corporation must notify each of
its  stockholders  who is entitled to appraisal rights that appraisal rights are
available and include in the notice a copy of Section 262. This Proxy  Statement
constitutes  that  notice to you and a copy of Section  262 is  attached to this
Proxy Statement as Appendix B.

         The following  summary of Section 262 is necessarily  incomplete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262.

         If a  stockholder  elects to exercise the right to an  appraisal  under
Section 262, such stockholder must do ALL of the following:

         o     before  the vote is taken on the merger at the  special  meeting,
               the stockholder  must file with us a written demand for appraisal
               of the stockholder's  shares of Common Stock, stating clearly the
               stockholder's identity and that the stockholder intends to demand
               appraisal of such  stockholder's  shares (a proxy or vote against
               the merger will not constitute such a demand);

         o     the  stockholder  must  not vote in  favor  of the  approval  and
               adoption of the merger agreement;

         o     the stockholder must continuously hold its shares of Common Stock
               through the Effective Time; and

         o     otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 262.

         A  stockholder  who fails to comply  with  Section  262 is bound by the
terms of the merger agreement and will receive the Merger Consideration.

         Within ten days after the Effective  Time, we will give written  notice
of the Effective Time to each  stockholder who has satisfied the requirements of
Section 262 and has not voted for, or consented  to, the proposal to approve and
adopt the  merger  agreement  and the  transactions  contemplated  by the merger
agreement.  Within  120 days  after the  Effective  Time,  we or any  dissenting
stockholder  who has  complied  with the  provisions  of Section  262 may file a
petition in the court demanding a determination  of the fair value of the shares
of  Common  Stock of all  dissenting  stockholders  who have  properly  demanded
appraisal  rights.  Because  we do not intend to file a  petition  if  appraisal
rights are exercised,  any dissenting  stockholder desiring the filing of such a
petition  is  advised  to file  such  petition  on a timely  basis  unless  such
dissenting stockholder receives notice that we or another dissenting stockholder
has filed such a petition.

         If a petition for appraisal is timely filed,  the court will  determine
the fair value of Common Stock held by dissenting stockholders, exclusive of any
element of value arising from the  accomplishment or expectations of the merger,
but  together  with a fair rate of  interest,  if any,  to be paid on the amount
determined to be fair value. In determining such fair value, the court will take
into  account all relevant  factors.  Such fair value may be  determined  by the
court to be more than,  less than or equal to the  consideration  the dissenting
stockholder  would  otherwise  be  entitled  to receive  pursuant  to the merger
agreement.  The costs of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the court
and taxed against the parties as the court  determines to be equitable under the
circumstances.  If a petition for appraisal is not timely filed,  then the right
to an appraisal will cease.

         From and after the Effective Time, no dissenting  stockholder will have
any rights of an Emons  stockholder  with respect to such holder's  Common Stock
for any  purpose,  except to  receive  payment  of its fair value and to receive
payment of  dividends  or other  distributions  on such  holder's  Common  Stock
(payable to stockholders of record as of a date prior to the Effective Time). If
a dissenting  stockholder  delivers to us a written withdrawal of the demand for
an appraisal  within 60 days after the  Effective  Time or  thereafter  with our
written approval, or if no petition for appraisal is filed within 120 days after
the  Effective  Date,  then  the  right  of such  dissenting  stockholder  to an
appraisal will cease and such dissenting stockholder will be entitled to receive
only the Merger Consideration.

PAYMENT FOR SHARES

         PAYMENT  FOR  SHARES.  At or  prior  to the  Effective  Time,  GWI will
deposit,  or will cause to be deposited,  with American  Stock  Transfer & Trust
Company, or another bank or trust company selected by GWI as exchange agent, for
the benefit of holders of shares of Common  Stock,  for  exchange in  accordance
with the merger  agreement,  an amount of cash  sufficient  to pay the aggregate
Merger Consideration.  As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, GWI will
cause the exchange agent to mail to each holder of record of a certificate that,
immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time,  represents  issued and  outstanding
shares of Common Stock, a letter of  transmittal,  and  instructions  for use in
effecting  the  surrender  of  the   certificate  in  exchange  for  the  Merger
Consideration.  Upon the proper  surrender of a  certificate(s)  to the exchange
agent and  completion of a duly executed  letter of  transmittal,  the holder of
such  certificate(s)  will be  entitled  to receive  in  exchange a check in the
amount  equal to the  product of $2.50 and the number of shares of Common  Stock
represented by such certificate(s),  less any applicable  withholding taxes. Any
surrendered  certificate(s)  will  be  cancelled.  No  interest  will be paid or
accrued on the Merger Consideration.

         PLEASE DO NOT SURRENDER YOUR CERTIFICATE(S) FOR EXCHANGE UNTIL YOU HAVE
RECEIVED  INSTRUCTIONS AND THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FROM THE EXCHANGE AGENT AND
HAVE COMPLETED THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL PROPERLY.

         In the event of a transfer of  ownership  of any shares of Common Stock
that has not been  registered  in our transfer  records,  a check for the Merger
Consideration   may  be  issued  to  the  transferee  if  (1)  the   certificate

representing  such Common  Stock is properly  endorsed or is  accompanied  by an
appropriate instrument of transfer and otherwise in proper form for transfer and
(2) all applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

         After the  Effective  Time,  there  will be no  transfers  on our stock
transfer records of any shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to the  Effective  Time.  If,  after the  Effective  Time,  a  certificate
representing  such shares is presented to GWI, the certificate will be cancelled
and exchanged for the Merger Consideration.

         Any portion of the aggregate  Merger  Consideration  or the proceeds of
any  investments  on the Merger  Consideration  that remains  unclaimed by Emons
stockholders  for six months after the  Effective  Time will be paid to GWI. Any
stockholders  who have not complied with the  procedures  regarding  payment for
shares in accordance with the merger  agreement will thereafter look only to GWI
for payment of the Merger Consideration.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither
GWI,  us, the  exchange  agent nor any other person will be liable to any former
holder of Common Stock for any amount delivered to a public official pursuant to
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

         In the event any certificate will have been lost,  stolen or destroyed,
upon the  making  of an  affidavit  of that  fact by the  person  claiming  such
certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by GWI, the posting
of a bond in such amount as GWI may determine is necessary,  the exchange  agent
will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate the Merger
Consideration.

          TREATMENT OF OPTIONS AND WARRANTS.  Immediately prior to the Effective
Time,  each  outstanding  and  unexercised  option and warrant granted by Emons,
whether or not then  exercisable,  will be  considered  vested  and  exercisable
(provided  that any option or warrant as to which the per share  exercise  price
exceeds the Merger  Consideration  will not be exercisable  and will be canceled
without consideration) and we will immediately cancel such options and warrants.
Each holder of a canceled  option or warrant  will be entitled to receive at the
Effective  Time or as soon as practicable  thereafter  from us an amount in cash
computed by multiplying  (1) any positive  difference  between $2.50 and the per
share exercise  price  applicable to such option or warrant by (2) the number of
shares of Common Stock  subject to such option or warrant,  less any  applicable
withholding taxes.

         TREATMENT OF RESTRICTED STOCK. Immediately prior to the Effective Time,
each share of restricted  Common Stock that is then  outstanding  and restricted
will become vested and  immediately  thereafter  be converted  into the right to
receive Merger Consideration.

RELATED AGREEMENTS

         VOTING  AGREEMENT.  In  connection  with the  merger,  six of the seven
directors  of Emons have  entered  into a voting  agreement  with GWI, a copy of
which is attached to this Proxy  Statement  as Appendix D. The voting  agreement
provides that these directors will all vote shares of Common Stock  beneficially
owned by them,  or any new shares of Common Stock they may acquire,  in favor of
the adoption of the merger  agreement.  Each of these  directors has irrevocably
appointed  GWI or its  designee as the lawful proxy to vote his or her shares in
favor of the  adoption of the merger  agreement.  As of  ________,  2002,  these
directors  held  approximately  748,914  shares  of  Common  Stock  constituting
approximately  10.6% of the Common Stock then outstanding.  The voting agreement
also provides  that these  directors may not sell shares of Common Stock without
GWI's  consent.  The voting  agreement  will  terminate  upon the earlier of (1)
completion of the merger or (2) termination of the merger agreement.

         AMENDMENT TO  STOCKHOLDER  RIGHTS  AGREEMENT.  In  connection  with the
merger, we have executed an amendment to our stockholder  rights agreement dated
April 23,  1999,  between us and American  Stock  Transfer & Trust  Company,  as
rights  agent,  to the  effect  that each of GWI,  its  subsidiaries,  and their
affiliates will not be deemed an "Acquiring  Person," that no "Share Acquisition
Date" or  "Distribution  Date" will be deemed to occur, and that the stockholder
rights  agreement  will not be deemed  applicable to the approval,  execution or
delivery of the merger agreement or the consummation of the merger.

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

         Consummation of the merger is subject to various  conditions.  While it
is anticipated that all of these  conditions will be satisfied,  there can be no
assurance they will indeed be satisfied or (where permissible) waived.

         CONDITIONS  TO EACH  PARTY'S  OBLIGATION.  Each party's  obligation  to
complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

         o     the approval of the merger  agreement by the affirmative  vote of
               the holders of at least a majority of the  outstanding  shares of
               Common Stock;

         o     the approvals required to complete the transactions  contemplated
               by the merger  agreement must have been  obtained,  including (1)
               exemption  or approval of the merger and the voting  agreement by
               the Surface  Transportation  Board,  and (2) certain  third-party
               consents;

         o     there must not be in effect any  order,  injunction  or decree or
               other legal restraint or prohibition preventing completion of the
               merger;

         o     there  must  not  have  been  enacted,  entered,  promulgated  or
               enforced  by  any   governmental   entity  any   statute,   rule,
               regulation,  order,  or injunction  which  prohibits,  materially
               restricts or makes illegal the completion of the merger;

         o     any waiting  period  applicable  to the  completion of the merger
               under the Hart-Scott-Rodino  Antitrust Improvements Act will have
               expired or been terminated; and

         o     there must not be any action or proceeding  brought or threatened
               by any governmental  entity or other person seeking any ruling or
               injunction or other order of a court or governmental entity which
               would have the effect of prohibiting or making illegal any of the
               transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

         CONDITIONS TO EMONS' OBLIGATION.  Our obligation to complete the merger
is subject to the satisfaction of the following additional conditions:

         o     GWI's and ETR's  representations  and warranties must be true and
               correct (in all material respects, in the case of representations
               and warranties  not already  qualified as to materiality by their
               terms)  as of the  date  of the  merger  agreement  and as of the
               Effective Date, except for changes specifically  permitted by the
               merger  agreement and those  representations  and warranties that
               speak as of an earlier date; and

         o     GWI and ETR must have performed and complied with in all material
               respects  their  obligations  under the  merger  agreement  to be
               performed or complied with on or prior to the Effective Date.

         CONDITIONS TO GWI'S AND ETR'S  OBLIGATIONS.  The obligations of GWI and
ETR to complete  the merger are  subject to the  satisfaction  of the  following
additional conditions:

         o     our  representations  and warranties must be true and correct (in
               all  material  respects,  in  the  case  of  representations  and
               warranties  not  already  qualified  as to  materiality  by their
               terms)  as of the  date  of the  merger  agreement  and as of the
               Effective Date, except for changes specifically  permitted by the
               merger  agreement and those  representations  and warranties that
               speak as of an earlier date;

         o     we must have performed and complied in all material respects with
               our  obligations  under the merger  agreement  to be performed or
               complied with on or prior to the Effective Date;

         o     neither GWI, ETR nor any of their  affiliates will have become an
               "Acquiring   Person"   and  no   "Share   Acquisition   Date"  or
               "Distribution  Date" (as the terms are defined in our stockholder

               rights  agreement)  will have occurred with respect to GWI or ETR
               under our stockholder rights agreement;

         o     GWI must have  received the proceeds of financing  identified  in
               the  financing  letter to GWI from Fleet  National  Bank that was
               provided  to us or upon  terms and  conditions  that are,  in the
               reasonable judgment of GWI and ETR,  substantially  equivalent to
               those contained in the financing letter; and

         o     we must have  provided GWI  certification  that the  transactions
               contemplated by the merger  agreement are exempt from withholding
               under  Section  1445 of the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as
               amended.

         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Emons and GWI have made representations
and warranties to each other in the merger  agreement as to, among other things,
the following:

         o     authorization,   validity,   and  enforceability  of  the  merger
               agreement;

         o     corporation organization and existence;

         o     third-party consents and approvals;

         o     compliance with laws; and

         o     accuracy of  information  supplied in connection  with this Proxy
               Statement.

          We have also made  representations  and warranties to GWI and ETR with
respect to, among other things, the following:

         o     capitalization;

         o     taxes;

         o     labor matters;

         o     legal proceedings;

         o     employee benefit plans and agreements;

         o     title to real property;

         o     environmental matters;

         o     intellectual property;

         o     material contracts;

         o     insurance;

         o     regulatory reports;

         o     relations with principal customers; and

         o     our subsidiaries.

         GWI has also made  representations  and  warranties to us regarding its
ability to finance the merger and pay the aggregate Merger Consideration through
its revolving credit facility.

         Our   representations  and  warranties  are  generally  subject  to  an
exception for any condition,  event,  change or occurrence that would not have a
material adverse effect on us. The representations and warranties of the parties
do not survive  beyond the Effective  Time if the merger is  consummated  unless
otherwise stated in the merger agreement.

COVENANTS; CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

         Pursuant to the merger agreement, we have agreed that during the period
from the date of the  merger  agreement  until the  Effective  Time  (except  as
expressly  provided  in the  merger  agreement)  we  will  and  will  cause  our
subsidiaries to:

         o     conduct  business  in the  usual,  regular  and  ordinary  course
               consistent  with past practice and in compliance  with applicable
               laws;

         o     use reasonable  best efforts to maintain and preserve  intact our
               business   organization,    assets,    employees   and   business
               relationships and retain the services of our key officers and key
               employees; and

         o     take no action which would  materially  adversely affect or delay
               our  ability  or  the  ability  of GWI to  obtain  any  necessary
               approvals of any regulatory agency or other  governmental  entity
               or  any  third-  party  consent  required  for  the  transactions
               contemplated by the merger  agreement or to perform our covenants
               and agreements under the merger agreement.

          We have also agreed that during the period from the date of the merger
agreement  until the Effective Time (except as expressly  provided in the merger
agreement) we will not and will not permit any of our  subsidiaries  to, without
the prior written consent of GWI, which will not be unreasonably withheld:

         o     incur   indebtedness  for  borrowed  money  (except  for  certain
               refinancings of short term indebtedness and intercompany  loans),
               assume,   guarantee,   endorse  or  become  responsible  for  the
               obligations of any entity,  or make any loan,  advance or capital
               contribution;

         o     make  or  commit  to  make  any  capital   expenditures  (net  of
               governmental  grants  received)  in  excess of  $100,000  for any
               single or related  group of capital  expenditures  or $500,000 in
               the aggregate for all capital expenditures;

         o     adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of our capital stock;

         o     make,  declare,  set aside or pay a dividend  (except for certain
               intercompany  dividends)  or make any other  distribution  on, or
               directly or  indirectly  redeem,  purchase or  otherwise  acquire
               shares of our capital  stock or  securities  convertible  into or
               exchangeable for shares of our capital stock;

         o     grant any entity the right to acquire shares of our capital stock
               or stock  appreciation  or similar  rights except as permitted by
               our stock option plans;

         o     issue, sell,  transfer,  pledge or otherwise encumber  additional
               shares of capital stock or securities or obligations  convertible
               into or exchangeable for shares of our capital stock,  other than
               the  issuance of our Common  Stock  pursuant to exercise of stock
               options or warrants disclosed as being outstanding on the date of
               the merger agreement and granted pursuant to our stock plans;

         o     enter  into any  agreement,  understanding  or  arrangement  with
               respect to the sale or voting of our capital stock;

         o     sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of
               our  properties  or  assets,   including  capital  stock  in  our
               subsidiaries,   to  any   entity   other   than  to  one  of  our
               subsidiaries,  or cancel,  release or assign  indebtedness to any
               person  or claims  held by any  person,  except  in the  ordinary
               course of business consistent with past practice;

         o     make any material investment,  other than an investment in one of
               our subsidiaries;

         o     acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating  with, or
               by purchasing a substantial portion of the stock or assets of, or
               by  any  other   manner,   any   business  or  any   corporation,
               partnership,   joint  venture,   association  or  other  business
               organization;

         o     acquire  or  agree  to  acquire   voting  or  non-voting   equity
               securities  or similar  ownership  interests in any person (other
               than one of our subsidiaries);

         o     commence, undertake or engage in any new line of business;

         o     enter  into  or  terminate  any  material   lease,   contract  or
               agreement,  or make any  change in any of our  existing  material
               leases, contracts or agreements;

         o     enter into any contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding
               which  limits our ability or the ability of our  subsidiaries  to
               compete in any line of business,  in any geographic  area or with
               any person, or which requires referrals of any business;

         o     enter  into any  contract  or  commitment  (including  any of our
               employment   plans  with  any   current   or  former   employees,
               consultants,  independent contractors or directors, but excluding
               options,  warrants and other  securities  disclosed in the merger
               agreement as granted or  outstanding)  the benefits of which will
               be paid or  increased,  or the  vesting of the  benefits of which
               will be accelerated,  by the delivery of the merger  agreement or
               the  occurrence of any of the  transactions  contemplated  by the
               merger  agreement,  or the value of the benefits of which will be
               calculated on the basis of the  transactions  contemplated by the
               merger agreement;

         o     enter  into  any loan  agreement,  indenture,  mortgage,  pledge,
               conditional   sale  or  title   retention   agreement,   security
               agreement, guaranty, standby letter of credit, or equipment lease
               involving  the payment of more than  $15,000 in any year or lease
               purchase  agreement to which we or any of our  subsidiaries  is a
               party or which we or any of our subsidiaries is bound;

         o     enter into any contract, agreement,  arrangement or understanding
               involving  payments or receipts by us or any of our  subsidiaries
               in excess of $100,000 over the term thereof;

         o     increase  or  accelerate  the  compensation  or  benefits  of any
               present  or former  director,  officer,  consultant,  independent
               contractor  or  employee  of us or our  subsidiaries  (except for
               increases in salary or wages in the  ordinary  course of business
               consistent with past practice);

         o     grant  severance  or  termination  pay to any  present  or former
               director, officer, consultant, independent contractor or employee
               of us or our subsidiaries;

         o     loan or advance  any money or other  property  to any  present or
               former director, officer,  consultant,  independent contractor or
               employee of us or our subsidiaries;

         o     establish,  adopt,  enter into, amend or terminate any employment
               plan with any current or former employee, consultant, independent

               contractor   or  director  of  or  with  respect  to  us  or  our
               subsidiaries or any plan, agreement, program, policy, trust, fund
               or other  arrangement  that would be an employment  plan with any
               current or former employee, consultant, independent contractor or
               director of or with respect to us or our  subsidiaries if it were
               in existence as of the date of the merger agreement;

         o     amend any term of the options  held by any  employee,  consultant
               and director to purchase our Common Stock;

         o     pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations,
               except for the  payment,  discharge  or  satisfaction  of current
               liabilities or  obligations,  in accordance  with their terms, in
               the ordinary course of business  consistent with past practice or
               payments,  discharges or  satisfaction  of liabilities  where the
               amount  paid does not exceed  $25,000  for any  single  matter or
               related group of matters, or waive,  release,  grant, or transfer
               any  rights of value or modify or change  any  existing  license,
               lease,  contract  or other  document  in any manner that would be
               materially adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries;

         o     settle or compromise  any  litigation  other than  settlements or
               compromises  of litigation  where the amount paid does not exceed
               $25,000  for any single  litigation  matter or  related  group of
               litigation matters;

         o     change any accounting principle used by us, except for changes as
               may be  required  to be  implemented  following  the  date of the
               merger agreement under generally accepted  accounting  principles
               or  rules  and   regulations   of  the  Securities  and  Exchange
               Commission   promulgated   following   the  date  of  the  merger
               agreement, as concurred to by our independent auditors;

         o     adopt  or  implement   any  amendment  to  our   certificate   of
               incorporation or bylaws or enter into any plan of  consolidation,
               merger or  reorganization  with any person  other than one of our
               subsidiaries;

         o     adopt a plan of complete or partial  liquidation  or  resolutions
               providing  for or  authorizing a  liquidation  or a  dissolution,
               restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization;

         o     take any action that is intended or may reasonably be expected to
               result in any of our  representations and warranties set forth in
               the merger  agreement  being or becoming  untrue in any  material
               respect,  or in any of the  conditions to the merger set forth in
               "Conditions to the Merger" not being  satisfied or in a violation
               of any provision of the merger  agreement,  except, in each case,
               as may be required by applicable law;

         o     make or change any tax election, change any annual tax accounting
               period, change any method of tax accounting, file any amended tax
               return,  enter into any  closing  agreement  relating to any tax,
               settle any tax claim or assessment,  surrender any right to claim
               a tax  refund  or  consent  to any  extension  or  waiver  of the
               limitations period applicable to any tax claim or assessment; or

         o     agree to, or make any  commitment  to, take,  or  authorize,  any
               action described above.

         In  addition,  if prior to the  merger,  we or any of our  subsidiaries
become aware of certain  material tax matters such as the  commencement of a tax
audit,  the  assessment  or notice of a material tax due, the issuance of a bill
for  collection of any material tax due or any material  lien for taxes,  or the
commencement  of  any  other  administrative  or  judicial  proceeding  for  the
determination, assessment, or collection of any material tax on us or any of our
subsidiaries, we must provide prompt notice to GWI of the matter.

EFFORTS TO COMPLETE THE MERGER

         Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the merger  agreement,
Emons  and GWI have  each  agreed  and have  agreed  to cause  their  respective
subsidiaries  to use reasonable  best efforts (1) to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions  necessary,  proper or advisable to comply  promptly  with all legal
requirements necessary to achieve the completion of the merger and (2) to obtain
(and to cooperate  with the other party to obtain) any  consent,  authorization,
order or approval of, or any exemption by, any governmental  entity,  regulatory
agency and any other  third  party which is required to be obtained by the party

or any of its subsidiaries to achieve the completion of the merger.  The parties
to the merger  agreement will cooperate with each other and use their reasonable
best efforts to promptly prepare and file all necessary  documentation to effect
all  applications,  notices,  petitions and filings and to obtain as promptly as
practicable  all  permits,   consents,   approvals  and  authorizations  of  all
governmental  entities  and any other third  parties  necessary  or advisable to
achieve  the  completion  of the merger  and to comply  fully with the terms and
conditions  of  all  permits,  consents,  approvals  and  authorizations  of all
governmental  entities. To that effect, GWI and ETR, on the one hand, and Emons,
on  the  other  hand,  have  agreed  to  provide  each  other  with  assistance,
information and cooperation as reasonably requested in that regard.

NO SOLICITATION OF ALTERNATIVE TRANSACTIONS

         We have agreed that neither we nor any of our  subsidiaries  will,  nor
will we or any of our  subsidiaries  authorize  or permit  any of our  officers,
directors, agents, representatives or advisors to, initiate, solicit, encourage,
or  otherwise  facilitate  any  inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer
(including,  without limitation, any proposal or offer to our stockholders) with
respect  to  a  merger,  consolidation,  business  combination,  reorganization,
liquidation,  dissolution,  or similar transaction involving, or any purchase of
all or any significant  portion of the assets or any equity securities of, us or
any of our  subsidiaries,  or any other  transaction  that could  reasonably  be
expected to impede or delay the merger (any such proposal or offer, as set forth
in greater detail in the merger agreement, an Acquisition Proposal).

         However, we may engage in any negotiations  concerning,  or provide any
confidential  information  or data to,  or have  discussions  with,  any  person
relating  to an  unsolicited  and  superior  written  Acquisition  Proposal,  as
described in the merger agreement, or otherwise facilitate or attempt to make or
implement an unsolicited and superior written Acquisition  Proposal,  if (1) the
Board of  Directors,  after  consultation  with our counsel,  determines  in the
exercise of its fiduciary  duties that the failure to engage in  discussions  or
negotiations or provide  information  would  constitute a breach by the Board of
Directors of its  fiduciary  duties under  applicable  law, (2) we have received
from a third party making an  Acquisition  Proposal an executed  confidentiality
agreement with terms not materially less favorable to us than those contained in
the  confidentiality  agreement  that we entered  into with GWI, and (3) we have
fully and completely complied with all of the no solicitation  provisions in the
merger agreement.

         We  have  agreed  to  cease  and  terminate  any  existing  activities,
discussions or negotiations with any other party previously  conducted regarding
an Acquisition  Proposal,  and will use our reasonable best efforts to cause any
such  party  in  possession  of  confidential   information   about  us  or  our
subsidiaries  that was furnished by us or our subsidiaries in connection with an
Acquisition   Proposal  to  return  or  destroy  all  such  information  in  its
possession.  We have  agreed to notify GWI  immediately  if any such  inquiries,
proposals or offers are received by, any such  information is requested from, or
any such  negotiations  or  discussions  are sought to be initiated or continued
with us or our subsidiaries.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

          The  merger  agreement  may be  terminated  at any  time  prior to the
completion of the merger,  whether before or after stockholder approval has been
obtained:

         1.    by mutual written consent of GWI and Emons;

         2.    by either GWI or our Board of Directors, if:

               o    any  governmental  entity or  regulatory  agency  which must
                    grant an approval required to complete the merger has denied
                    its   approval   and  the  denial   has  become   final  and
                    nonappealable or an order,  decree, or another action of any
                    governmental  entity or regulatory  agency that prevents the
                    completion  of the merger is in effect and has become  final
                    and  nonappealable,  except that the right to terminate will
                    not be available  to any party whose  failure to comply with
                    the merger agreement causes or results in that action;

               o    our  stockholders do not approve the merger agreement at the
                    special meeting; or

               o    the  merger  is not  completed  on or before  June 1,  2002,
                    except that the right to terminate  will not be available to
                    any party whose failure to fulfill any obligations under the
                    merger  agreement  causes or results  in the  failure of the
                    merger to be completed by that date until ten business  days
                    after that party has cured the failure;

         3.    by our Board of Directors if prior to the Effective Time:

               o    GWI or ETR has failed to perform in any material respect any
                    of  their  obligations  under  the  merger  agreement  to be
                    performed at or prior to the date of termination, so long as
                    the failure to perform  would  permit us not to complete the
                    merger as described  above in the second  bullet point under
                    "Conditions to the  Merger-Conditions to Emons' Obligation,"
                    and the failure is not cured or is  incapable of being cured
                    within ten days after the  receipt by GWI of written  notice
                    of the failure;

               o    any  representation  or warranty of GWI or ETR  contained in
                    the merger  agreement  is not true and  correct,  except for
                    changes  permitted by the merger  agreement  and taking into
                    account the fact that those  representations  and warranties
                    that speak as of an earlier date need only to remain true as
                    of that date,  and other than any  failure of GWI's or ETR's
                    representations  and warranties to be true and correct which
                    is not  reasonably  likely to  materially  adversely  affect
                    GWI's or ETR's  ability to complete  the merger,  so long as
                    the  failure of the  representation  or  warranty to be true
                    would  permit us not to  complete  the  merger as  described
                    above in the first  bullet  point under  "Conditions  to the
                    Merger-Conditions  to Emons' Obligation," and the failure is
                    not cured or is  incapable  of being  cured  within ten days
                    after the receipt by GWI of written notice of the failure;

               o    before  the   approval  of  the  merger   agreement  by  our
                    stockholders,  we give five business days' prior irrevocable
                    written  notice  to  GWI  of  our  intention  to  accept  an
                    unsolicited superior Acquisition Proposal as described above
                    under "No  Solicitation of Alternative  Transactions,"  and,
                    unless  after  consultation  with our outside  counsel,  our
                    Board of Directors  determines  in good faith that it is not
                    required to perform  the actions set forth in the  following
                    clauses  (1) and (2) under  applicable  law,  (1) the notice
                    will include the proposed or definitive  documents  relating
                    to the  superior  Acquisition  Proposal and will specify all
                    material  terms  and  conditions,   and  (2)  prior  to  the
                    termination,  we will if requested by GWI in connection with
                    any revised proposal GWI might make, negotiate in good faith
                    for  the  five   business  day  period  with  GWI,  and  the
                    third-party proposal remains a superior Acquisition Proposal
                    after  taking into account any revised  proposal  during the
                    five business day period; or

               o    if the conditions to GWI's and ETR's obligations to complete
                    the merger have all been  satisfied  except that GWI has not
                    received  the  proceeds  of  financing   identified  in  the
                    financing  letter to GWI from  Fleet  National  Bank or upon
                    terms and conditions that are, in the reasonable judgment of
                    GWI and ETR, substantially  equivalent to those contained in
                    the  financing  letter,  and GWI is unable or  unwilling  to
                    complete the merger  within five days  following the receipt
                    of  notice  from  us  that  all  of  the  conditions  to our
                    obligations  to complete  the merger have been  satisfied or
                    waived; or

         4.    by GWI if prior to the Effective Time:

               o    we have failed to perform in any material respect any of our
                    obligations under the merger agreement to be performed at or
                    prior to the date of termination,  so long as the failure to
                    perform  would  permit  GWI not to  complete  the  merger as
                    described above in the second bullet point under "Conditions
                    to the Merger-Conditions to GWI's and ETR's Obligations" and
                    the  failure  is not cured or is  incapable  of being  cured
                    within ten days after the receipt by us of written notice of
                    the failure;

               o    any representation or warranty of us contained in the merger
                    agreement  is not  true  and  correct,  except  for  changes
                    permitted  by the merger  agreement  and taking into account
                    the fact that  those  representations  and  warranties  that
                    speak as of any earlier  date need only to remain true as of
                    that date, so long as the failure of the  representation  or
                    warranty  to be true would  permit GWI not to  complete  the
                    merger as  described  above in the first  bullet point under
                    "Conditions  to the  Merger-Conditions  to GWI's  and  ETR's
                    Obligations" and the failure is not cured or is incapable of
                    being  cured  within  ten days  after the  receipt  by us of
                    written notice of the failure;

               o    our Board of Directors  withdraws or materially  modifies or
                    changes its  recommendation of the merger agreement in a way
                    that is  adverse  to GWI or ETR (or fails to  reconfirm  its
                    recommendation  if requested by GWI within ten business days
                    following  the request) or approves,  accepts or  recommends
                    another   Acquisition   Proposal;

               o    we or any of our subsidiaries  have breached in any material
                    respect  the  no  solicitation   provisions  in  the  merger
                    agreement as described  more fully in "-No  Solicitation  of
                    Alternative Transactions"; or

               o    GWI, ETR or any of their affiliates has become an "Acquiring
                    Person,"  or a "Share  Acquisition  Date"  or  "Distribution
                    Date," as the terms are  defined in our  stockholder  rights
                    agreement, has occurred with respect to GWI or ETR under our
                    stockholder rights agreement.

TERMINATION FEES

         We  must  pay to GWI a  termination  fee of $1  million  if the  merger
agreement is terminated under any of the following circumstances:

         o     GWI  terminates the merger  agreement  pursuant to (or the merger
               agreement  is  terminated  at a  time  that  GWI is  entitled  to
               terminate it pursuant to) the third, fourth or fifth bullet point
               under  paragraph  (4) above  under  "-Termination  of the  Merger
               Agreement";

         o     we terminate  the merger  agreement  pursuant to the third bullet
               point under paragraph (3) above under "-Termination of the Merger
               Agreement";

         o     an  Acquisition  Proposal is commenced,  publicly  disclosed,  or
               otherwise  communicated to us at any time on or after the date of
               the merger  agreement and prior to the  termination of the merger
               agreement, and the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to (or
               the merger agreement is terminated at a time that GWI is entitled
               to terminate it pursuant to)

               o    the second  bullet  point  under  paragraph  (2) above under
                    "-Termination of the Merger Agreement";

               o    the first  bullet  point  under  paragraph  (4) above  under
                    "-Termination of the Merger  Agreement" based on our willful
                    failure  to  perform   any   obligation   under  the  merger
                    agreement; or

               o    the second  bullet  point  under  paragraph  (4) above under
                    "-Termination of the Merger  Agreement" based on our willful
                    act or omission causing a representation  or warranty in the
                    merger agreement not to be true; or

         o     either party  terminates  pursuant to (or the merger agreement is
               terminated  at a  time  that  GWI is  entitled  to  terminate  it
               pursuant to) the second or third bullet point under paragraph (2)
               above under  "-Termination of the Merger Agreement" and we are in
               willful  and  material  breach  of  a  representation,  warranty,
               covenant or  agreement  contained  in the merger  agreement,  and
               within 12 months after the  termination of the merger  agreement,

               we enter into a  definitive  agreement to complete or do complete
               an Acquisition Proposal.

          GWI must  pay to us a  termination  fee of $1  million  if the  merger
agreement is terminated  pursuant to the fourth bullet point under paragraph (3)
above under "-Termination of the Merger Agreement."

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

         Certain  executive  officers of Emons who are also members of the Board
of  Directors  have  interests  in the merger in addition  to their  interest as
stockholders  of  Emons.  These  interests,  which  were  known by the  Board of
Directors  prior to their  approval of the merger,  are described in more detail
below.

         EMPLOYMENT.  Subject to further  discussions and negotiation  following
the close of the merger, Robert Grossman,  Chairman of the Board,  President and
Chief Executive Officer of Emons, emay enter into an employment arrangement with
GWI  whereby  Mr.  Grossman  would  become an  employee  of GWI in an  executive
capacity.  Also,  subject to further  discussions and negotiation  following the
close of the merger, Scott F. Ziegler, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Emons, may enter into an employment  arrangement with GWI whereby Mr.
Ziegler would become an employee of GWI in a financial management capacity.

         SEVERANCE PAYMENTS.  Upon consummation of the merger, GWI has agreed to
guarantee  a payment  to each of Mr.  Grossman  and Mr.  Ziegler  in the  amount
provided  for in Emons'  existing  employment  agreement  with Mr.  Grossman and
Emons'  existing  change in control  agreement with Mr.  Ziegler,  respectively,
which they would have otherwise been entitled to receive upon their  termination
of employment following a change of control of Emons. Management for purposes of
this Proxy  Statement  estimates that the severance  benefits,  payable in cash,
will equal  approximately  $1,019,672  and  $450,000  for Mr.  Grossman  and Mr.
Ziegler,  respectively,  plus amounts due for the continuation of Mr. Grossman's
and  Mr.  Ziegler's  life,  disability,  health,  hospitalization,  and  medical
insurance benefits for a period of three years.

         Emons has also entered into change in control agreements with executive
officers  Michael T.  Chilson and Phillip A. DuPont  which  provide  that if the
executive is terminated at any time  following a change in control of Emons,  or
terminates his employment  within one year following a change in control after a
constructive  demotion by Emons (as defined in the  agreements),  the  executive
will receive a lump sum payment, within 30 days after the termination,  equal to
24 months' of his base  salary at the highest  rate in effect  within six months
prior to his  termination,  and  continuation for the same period of time of all
medical, life and disability insurance benefits.

         DIRECTORS'  AND  OFFICERS'  INSURANCE;   INDEMNIFICATION.   The  merger
agreement  provides that for a period of six years after the consummation of the
merger, the surviving corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws will
contain  the  indemnification   provisions  set  forth  in  our  certificate  of
incorporation and bylaws.  The merger agreement also requires GWI and ETR, after
consummation of the merger,  to indemnify,  defend and hold harmless present and
former  directors  and  officers of Emons and its  subsidiaries  with respect to
matters  existing at or prior to the Effective  Time to the fullest  extent then
permitted by applicable law and,  subject to specified  limitations,  to advance
expenses in  connection  therewith.  GWI has agreed to use its  reasonable  best
efforts to maintain the existing or similar  liability  insurance  policies with
respect to directors and officers of Emons for a six-year period,  provided that
GWI will not be  required  to spend in any year  more  than  200% of the  amount
expended by Emons in fiscal 2001 for such insurance coverage.

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

         The following discussion of material federal income tax consequences of
the merger to certain  holders of Common  Stock is based on present law and does
not  purport  to be a  complete  analysis  of all tax  consequences  that may be
relevant to any particular stockholder. The state, local, foreign and estate tax
consequences  to  stockholders  of  Emons  are not  discussed.  Certain  holders
(including,  but not limited to, insurance companies,  tax-exempt organizations,
financial   institutions,    securities   dealers,   broker-dealers,    employee
stockholders,  foreign corporations,  foreign  partnerships,  foreign estates or
trusts,  persons who are not  citizens  or  residents  of the United  States and
persons who acquired  shares of Common Stock as part of a straddle or conversion
transaction) may be subject to special rules not discussed below. The discussion

assumes that each  stockholder  holds shares of Common Stock as a capital asset.
However, certain stockholders who are employees or directors of Emons may not be
entitled to treat  certain of the shares which they may have acquired from Emons
as  capital  assets  and may be  required  to report any gain on the sale of the
shares as taxable  compensation  from Emons.  The  discussion  is based on laws,
regulations,  rulings,  practice and judicial  decisions  now in effect,  all of
which are subject to change (possibly with  retroactive  effect) by legislation,
administrative action or judicial decision.

         The exchange of shares of Common Stock for cash  pursuant to the merger
(or,  in the  case  of a  dissenting  stockholder,  pursuant  to  any  appraisal
proceedings)  will be treated as a sale or exchange of those  shares for federal
income tax purposes.  Each stockholder (including a dissenting stockholder) will
recognize  capital gain or loss for federal income tax purposes  generally in an
amount equal to the difference,  if any, between the amount of cash received and
the adjusted tax basis of the  stockholder's  shares of Common Stock surrendered
(except,  in the case of dissenting  stockholders,  for any amount  constituting
interest,   which  will  be  taxable  as  ordinary  income).   Except  for  gain
attributable  to certain  shares  owned by  employees  or  directors of Emons as
described  above,  gain or loss on the  sale  of the  shares  will be  long-term
capital  gain or loss if the  shares  of  Common  Stock  have  been  held by the
stockholder  for more than one year and will be short-term  capital gain or loss
if the shares of Common Stock have been held by the  stockholder for one year or
less.  Long-term  capital gain is eligible for reduced rates of taxation.  There
are limitations on the deductibility of capital losses.

         The  receipt  of cash for  shares of Common  Stock  will be  subject to
backup  withholding  unless the holder or other  payee (1) is a  corporation  or
comes  within  certain  other  exempt  categories,  or (2)  provides a certified
taxpayer   identification   number  and  otherwise   complies  with  the  backup
withholding rules. Each stockholder and, if applicable, each other payee, should
complete  and sign the  Substitute  Form W-9  included  as part of the letter of
transmittal  to be  returned  to the  exchange  agent,  in order to provide  the
information and certification  necessary to avoid backup withholding tax, unless
an exemption applies and is established in a manner satisfactory to the exchange
agent. Backup withholding is not an additional tax; any amounts so withheld will
be credited  against the federal  income tax liability of the person  subject to
the withholding provided the required information is furnished to the IRS.

         THE  FOREGOING  DISCUSSION  IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE  MATERIAL  FEDERAL
INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER. ACCORDINGLY, EACH STOCKHOLDER IS URGED TO
CONSULT HIS,  HER OR ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE FEDERAL  INCOME TAX
CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER, AS WELL AS WITH RESPECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN
OR OTHER  FEDERAL TAX  CONSEQUENCES,  IN LIGHT OF THE  STOCKHOLDER'S  PARTICULAR
SITUATION.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

         GWI will treat the merger as a purchase for accounting purposes.

OPERATIONS AFTER THE MERGER

         At the Effective  time, ETR will merge with and into Emons,  with Emons
being the surviving corporation.  As a result of the merger, we will cease to be
an  independently  publicly  traded  company  and will  become  a  wholly  owned
subsidiary  of GWI.  The  certificate  of  incorporation  and bylaws of Emons in
effect  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time  will  govern  the  surviving
corporation  after  consummation  of the  merger.  At the  Effective  Time,  the
directors and executive  officers of ETR immediately prior to the Effective Time
will be the directors and executive officers of the surviving  corporation after
consummation  of the merger.  Upon  consummation  of the merger,  the rights and
obligations  of Emons will become the rights and  obligations  of the  surviving
corporation, including the duties and liabilities connected therewith.

REGULATORY APPROVALS

         The  Surface   Transportation   Board  (STB)  has   jurisdiction   over
transactions, such as the merger, that result in the control of one or more rail
carriers by an entity  that is a rail  carrier or already  controls  one or more
rail carriers. Generally, the acquiring entity must obtain approval from the STB
prior to  consummating  such a  transaction.  However,  the STB has authority to
exempt from the approval  requirements  those  transactions  that do not require

regulation in order to meet certain  transportation  policies and are limited in
scope or do not  involve  the  potential  for abuse of market  power.  The STB's
regulations provide a class exemption for transactions involving the acquisition
of control of a rail carrier if:

         o     the  target  rail   carrier(s)  do  not  connect  with  any  rail
               carrier(s) in the acquiror's corporate family;

         o     the   transaction   is  not  one  of  a  series  of   anticipated
               transactions  that would connect any rail carriers  controlled by
               the acquiror and the target; and

         o     the transaction does not involve a Class I rail carrier, which is
               the largest classification of rail carriers.

         Because  GWI's  acquisition  of Emons  pursuant to the merger meets the
class  exemption  criteria  set forth  above,  GWI may  obtain an  exemption  to
consummate  the merger by filing a Verified  Notice of  Exemption.  An exemption
obtained by means of such notice may be challenged by a petition to revoke filed
by a  third  party  at any  time  before  or  after  the  effective  date of the
exemption.  The grounds for revocation  are generally  limited to a showing that
the information in the Verified Notice of Exemption is false and misleading. The
STB also has the  authority  to  revoke  an  exemption  if it finds  that a full
regulatory  proceeding  is  necessary  in order to carry out the  transportation
policy of the ICC Termination Act of 1995. GWI expects to file a Verified Notice
of Exemption in the _______________ week of January 2002.

         SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT

         The  following  table  sets  forth  information  concerning  beneficial
ownership of Common  Stock as of _______,  2002 by each  director of Emons,  the
most highly compensated executive officers of Emons, and all directors and named
executive officers as a group.

                                                                      AMOUNT AND NATURE OF           PERCENT
  TITLE OF CLASS           NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER+                  BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP           OF CLASS
  --------------           ------------------------                   --------------------           --------

Common Stock                    Robert Grossman                            676,814(1)                   8.99%

Common Stock                    Michael J. Blake                           439,433(2)                   6.18%

Common Stock                    Scott F. Ziegler                           198,500(3)                   2.74%

Common Stock                    Phillip A. DuPont                          165,000(4)                   2.30%

Common Stock                 Robert J. Smallacombe                          80,833(5)                   1.13%

Common Stock                    Alfred P. Smith                             74,833(6)                   1.05%

Common Stock                     Dean H. Wise                               60,833(7)                     *

Common Stock                  Kimberly A. Madigan                           36,833(8)                     *

Common Stock                  Michael T. Chilson                            25,000(9)                     *

Common Stock               All directors and officers                    1,758,079(10)                  22.04%
                            as a group (9 persons)

- -------------------

+  The  address  for  all  directors   and  executive   officers  is  c/o  Emons
Transportation   Group,  Inc.,  96  South  George  Street,  York,   Pennsylvania
17401-1436.

* Percentage of shares  beneficially owned does not exceed one percent of Common
Stock outstanding.

(1)  Includes (i) 1,000 shares  owned by Mr.  Grossman's  wife,  as to which Mr.
Grossman  disclaims  beneficial  ownership;  and (ii) options to purchase 50,000
shares of Common Stock at a price of $.906 per share,  300,000  shares of Common
Stock at a price of $1.0625 per share,  50,000 shares of Common Stock at a price
of $3.25 per share and  50,000  shares of Common  Stock at a price of $2.015 per
share, all of which are currently exercisable.

(2)  Includes  options to purchase  15,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of
$3.2188 per share,  10,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of $2.50 per share
and 3,333  shares of Common  Stock at a price of $2.015 per share,  all of which
are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within sixty days. Does not
include  unvested options to purchase 6,667 shares of Common Stock at a price of
$2.015 per share that will vest upon consummation of the merger.

(3)  Includes  options to purchase  25,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of
$.8125 per share, 25,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of $1.0625 per share,
50,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of $3.25 per share,  15,000  shares of
Common Stock at a price of $2.875 per share,  25,000 shares of Common Stock at a
price of $2.50 per share and 20,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of $2.015
per share, all of which are currently exercisable.

(4) Includes (i) 6,000 shares of  restricted  Common Stock which have not vested
as of  ___________,  2002;  and (ii) options to purchase  5,000 shares of Common
Stock at a price of $2.5625 per share,  15,000 shares of Common Stock at a price
of $1.875 per share,  15,000  shares of Common  Stock at a price of $3.1563  per
share,  15,000  shares of Common  Stock at a price of $3.9063 per share,  15,000
shares of Common Stock at a price of $2.875 per share,  25,000  shares of Common
Stock at a price of $2.50 per share and 20,000 shares of Common Stock at a price
of $2.015 per share, all of which are currently exercisable.

(5)  Includes  options to purchase  10,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of
$.906 per share,  15,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of $1.0625 per share,
15,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of $2.2813 per share,  7,500 shares of
Common Stock at a price of $2.50 per share and 3,333 shares of Common Stock at a
price of $2.015 per share, all of which are currently exercisable or will become
exercisable  within sixty days.  Does not include  unvested  options to purchase
6,667  shares of Common Stock at a price of $2.015 per share that will vest upon
consummation of the merger.

(6)  Includes  options to purchase  15,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of
$3.2188 per share,  10,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of $2.50 per share
and 3,333  shares of Common  Stock at a price of $2.015 per share,  all of which
are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within sixty days. Does not
include  unvested options to purchase 6,667 shares of Common Stock at a price of
$2.015 per share that will vest upon consummation of the merger.

(7)  Includes  options to purchase  15,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of
$1.6875 per share,  10,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of $3.25 per share,
7,500  shares of Common  Stock at a price of $2.50 per share and 3,333 shares of
Common  Stock  at a price of  $2.015  per  share,  all of  which  are  currently
exercisable  or will become  exercisable  within  sixty  days.  Does not include
unvested  options to purchase  6,667 shares of Common Stock at a price of $2.015
per share that will vest upon consummation of the merger.

(8)  Includes  options to purchase  15,000  shares of Common Stock at a price of
$2.4375 per share, 10,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of $1.375 per share,
7,500  shares of Common  Stock at a price of $2.50 per share and 3,333 shares of
Common  Stock  at a price of  $2.015  per  share,  all of  which  are  currently
exercisable  or will become  exercisable  within  sixty  days.  Does not include
unvested  options to purchase  6,667 shares of Common Stock at a price of $2.015
per share that will vest upon consummation of the merger.

(9) Includes  20,000 shares of restricted  Common Stock which have not vested as
of  ___________,  2002.  Does not include  unvested  options to purchase  35,000
shares  of  Common  Stock at a price of  $1.925  per  share  that will vest upon
consummation of the merger.

(10) See notes 1 through 9 above.

PRINCIPAL HOLDERS OF VOTING SECURITIES

         The following table sets forth certain information  regarding ownership
of Emons' equity  securities as of __________,  2002 by each person who is known
to  Emons  to own  beneficially  more  than  5% of  its  voting  securities.  On
_________,  2002,  there  were  7,076,804  shares of  Common  Stock  issued  and
outstanding,  which  were held by  approximately  ____________  stockholders  of
record.

                                                                 AMOUNT AND NATURE
                               NAME AND ADDRESS OF                  OF BENEFICIAL                       PERCENT
TITLE OF CLASS                  BENEFICIAL OWNER                      OWNERSHIP                         OF CLASS
- --------------                  ----------------                    -----------                        --------

Common Stock               The Bank of New York                      1,924,902(1)                       27.20%
                           101 Barclay Street
                           New York, New York 10286

Common Stock               Genesee & Wyoming Inc.                      748,914(2)                       10.60%
                           66 Field Point Road
                           Greenwich, Connecticut 06830

Common Stock               Robert Grossman                             676,814                           8.99%
                           96 South George Street
                           York, Pennsylvania 17401-1436

Common Stock               J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.                     554,868                           7.84%
                           380 Madison Avenue
                           9th Floor
                           New York, New York  10017-2591

Common Stock               Michael J. Blake                            439,433                           6.18%
                           96 South George Street
                           York, Pennsylvania 17401-1436

Common Stock               Wachovia Corporation                        392,710                           5.55%
                           123 Broad Street
                           Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  19109

- --------------

(1) The  shares  owned of  record by The Bank of New York are owned by it in its
capacity as escrow agent  acting for and on behalf of certain  holders of claims
and  interests in Emons  Industries,  Inc., a wholly owned  subsidiary of Emons,
which shares are periodically distributed pro rata to holders of certain allowed
claims under the Emons Industries,  Inc.  reorganization plan. The escrow agent,
as record  owner of those  shares,  has the power to vote  those  shares and has
expressed  its   intention  to  vote  such  shares,   in  person  or  by  proxy,
proportionally  in  accordance  with the votes cast on each  matter by the other
holders of the outstanding Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock to
be  distributed  to any one  holder of claims  depends  upon the  resolution  of
certain contingent  liabilities of Emons Industries,  Inc. It is not possible to
determine at this time either the manner in which those  contingent  liabilities
will be  resolved or the  resulting  disposition  of the shares of Common  Stock
currently held by the escrow agent.

(2)  Represents  voting  securities  controlled  by GWI  pursuant  to the voting
agreement,  under which certain directors of Emons irrevocably  appointed GWI or
its designee as the lawful proxy to vote all shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned  by them in  favor  of the  adoption  of the  merger  agreement.  See "THE
MERGER-Related Agreements-Voting Agreement."

         Emons knows of no individual holder,  other than the escrow agent, GWI,
Robert  Grossman,  J.P.  Morgan  Chase & Co.,  Michael  J.  Blake  and  Wachovia
Corporation who beneficially owns more than 5% of the Common Stock.

                    INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

         A representative of Arthur Andersen LLP,  independent  certified public
accountants,  is  expected to be present at the  special  meeting,  will have an
opportunity  to  make a  statement  if he or she  desires  to do so and  will be
available to respond to questions raised at the special meeting.

                              STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

         In the event the merger is not consummated,  any stockholder who wishes
to have a proposal  considered  for inclusion in Emons' proxy  statement for its
2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must have delivered such proposal in writing
to Emons' main office not later than June 11, 2002 (or, depending on the date of
such  meeting,  such later date as  determined  pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended).  Proposals received by Emons after
June 11, 2002 will be considered untimely. In order to curtail controversy as to
the date on which Emons  received a proposal,  proponents  should  submit  their
proposals  by  Certified  Mail-Return  Receipt  Requested.  Timely  receipt of a
stockholder's  proposal,  however, will satisfy only one of various requirements
for inclusion in Emons' proxy materials.

                                  OTHER MATTERS

         The  Board  of  Directors  is not  aware  of any  other  matters  to be
presented  at the  special  meeting.  If any  additional  matters  are  properly
presented,  the  persons  named in the  proxy  will have  discretion  to vote in
accordance with their own judgment on such matters.

                           FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

         The Securities and Exchange Commission encourages companies to disclose
forward-looking  information so that investors can better understand a company's
future prospects and make informed  investment  decisions.  This Proxy Statement
may contain "forward-looking"  statements regarding future events and the future
performance  of Emons  that are  generally  noted  by terms  such as  "believe,"
"expectations,"  "foresee," "goals," "potential," and "prospects." These forward
looking  statements  involve  risks and  uncertainties  that could cause  actual
results to differ materially. Those risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to, economic  conditions,  continued or reduced operations at customers'
facilities,  service of connecting Class I rail carriers,  increased competition
in the relevant market,  government  regulation,  and other factors described in
other  filings  with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  that could cause
Emons' results to differ from its current expectations.

                       WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

         We file annual,  quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements,  and
other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  You may read and
copy any document we file at the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission's  public
reference room at Judiciary Plaza, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington,  D.C. Our
filings  are  also  available  to the  public  at the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov.

         On written request,  Emons will promptly provide without charge to each
record or beneficial holder of its Common Stock as of the record date, a copy of
Emons'  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,  2001,  as filed
with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission.  Requests  should be addressed to
Investor Relations,  Emons  Transportation  Group, Inc., 96 South George Street,
York, Pennsylvania 17401-1436.

                                    By Order of the Board of Directors
                                    Emons Transportation Group, Inc.

                                    Scott F. Ziegler
                                    Secretary

York, Pennsylvania
January _______, 2002

                                                                      APPENDIX A
                                                                      ----------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  by and among

                             GENESEE & WYOMING INC.,

                           ETR ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                                       and

                        EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.

                          Dated as of December 3, 2001

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                

                                                                            Page

ARTICLE I The Merger...........................................................1

         1.1   The Merger......................................................1
         1.2   Closing.........................................................1
         1.3   Effective Time..................................................2
         1.4   Effects of the Merger...........................................2
         1.5   Conversion of Company Common Stock..............................2
         1.6   Options, Warrants and Restricted Stock..........................3
         1.7   Certificate of Incorporation....................................4
         1.8   Bylaws..........................................................4
         1.9   Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation.................4
         1.10  Alternate Transaction Structures................................4

ARTICLE II Exchange of Shares..................................................5

         2.1   Establishment of Exchange Fund..................................5
         2.2   Exchange of Shares..............................................5

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties of Company..........................6

         3.1   Corporate Organization..........................................6
         3.2   Capitalization..................................................8
         3.3   Authority; No Violation.........................................9
         3.4   Consents and Approvals.........................................10
         3.5   Regulatory Reports.............................................11
         3.6   Broker's Fees; Opinion of Company Financial Advisor............11
         3.7   Absence of Certain Changes or Events...........................12
         3.8   Legal Proceedings..............................................12
         3.9   Taxes and Tax Returns..........................................12
         3.10  Employees......................................................15
         3.11  SEC Reports....................................................17
         3.12  Financial Statements...........................................18
         3.13  Licenses; Compliance with Applicable Law.......................18
         3.14  Certain Contracts..............................................18
         3.15  Agreements with Regulatory Agencies............................20
         3.16  Investment Securities..........................................20
         3.17  Interest Rate Risk Management Instruments......................20
         3.18  Undisclosed Liabilities........................................20
         3.19  Environmental Liability........................................21
         3.20  Information Supplied...........................................21
         3.21  Insurance......................................................22
         3.22  Intellectual Property..........................................22
         3.23  Rights Agreement...............................................22

                                       -i-

         3.24  State Anti-Takeover Statutes...................................22
         3.25  Properties.....................................................23
         3.26  Relations with Principal Customers.............................23

ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub...................24

         4.1   Corporate Organization.........................................24
         4.2   Authority; No Violation........................................24
         4.3   Consents and Approvals.........................................25
         4.4   Broker's Fees..................................................25
         4.5   Information Supplied...........................................25
         4.6   Financial Capability...........................................25

ARTICLE V Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business...........................25

         5.1   Conduct of Company Businesses Prior to the Effective Time......25
         5.2   Forbearances of Company........................................26
         5.3   Transition.....................................................28
         5.4   Notification of Tax Proceedings................................29

ARTICLE VI Additional Agreements..............................................29

         6.1   Company Stockholders Meeting; Preparation of Proxy Statement...29
         6.2   Reasonable Best Efforts........................................30
         6.3   Access to Information..........................................31
         6.4   Indemnification; Directors' and Officers' Insurance............32
         6.5   Additional Agreements..........................................33
         6.6   Advice of Changes..............................................33
         6.7   No Solicitation................................................33
         6.8   Publicity......................................................35
         6.9   Stockholder Litigation.........................................35
         6.10  Anti-Takeover Provisions.......................................35
         6.11  Stop Transfer..................................................35
         6.12  Parent Other Actions...........................................36

ARTICLE VII Conditions Precedent..............................................36

         7.1   Conditions to Each Party's Obligation To Effect the Merger.....36
         7.2   Conditions to Company's Obligations to Effect the Merger.......37
         7.3   Conditions to Parent's and Sub's Obligations to
               Effect the Merger..............................................37

ARTICLE VIII Termination and Amendment........................................38

         8.1   Termination....................................................38
         8.2   Effect of Termination..........................................40
         8.3   Amendment......................................................41
         8.4   Extension; Waiver..............................................41

                                      -ii-

ARTICLE IX General Provisions.................................................41

         9.1   Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements......41
         9.2   Expenses.......................................................42
         9.3   Notices........................................................42
         9.4   Interpretation.................................................43
         9.5   Counterparts; Facsimile........................................43
         9.6   Entire Agreement...............................................43
         9.7   Governing Law..................................................43
         9.8   Severability...................................................43
         9.9   Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries..........................43
         9.10  Enforcement....................................................44

                                     -iii-

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of December 3, 2001 (this
"AGREEMENT") by and among GENESEE & WYOMING INC., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), ETR ACQUISITION CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent ("SUB"), and EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC., a
Delaware corporation ("COMPANY").

          WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Sub and Company
have determined that the merger of Sub with and into Company (the "MERGER"),
with Company as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the "SURVIVING
CORPORATION"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, is advisable and fair to and in the best interests of their
respective stockholders;

          WHEREAS, as an inducement and condition to Parent and Sub entering
into this Agreement, and concurrently with the execution of this Agreement,
certain officers and directors of Company are executing and delivering to Parent
a Voting Agreement (the "SUPPORT AGREEMENT") dated as of the date hereof; and

          WHEREAS, the parties desire to make certain representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to
prescribe certain conditions therefor.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants,
representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                  THE MERGER

          1.1  THE MERGER.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
"DGCL"), at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.3), Sub shall merge with
and into Company. Company shall be the Surviving Corporation in the Merger and
shall continue its corporate existence under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Upon consummation of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Sub shall
terminate.

          1.2  CLOSING. Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated and
the transactions herein contemplated shall have been abandoned pursuant to
Section 8.1, the closing of the Merger (the "CLOSING") shall take place at
10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day after satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions (excluding conditions that, by their terms, cannot be
satisfied until the Closing Date (as defined in this Section 1.2), but subject
to satisfaction or waiver of such conditions on the Closing Date) set forth in
Article VII (the "CLOSING DATE"), at the offices of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett,
425 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, unless another date, time or
place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

          1.3  EFFECTIVE TIME. As soon as practicable following the Closing, the
parties shall file a certificate of merger (the "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER") with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and shall make all other filings
or recordings required under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at such
time as the Certificate of Merger shall have been duly filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware, or at such later time as is agreed by Parent
and Company and specified in the Certificate of Merger (the time the Merger
becomes effective being the "EFFECTIVE TIME").

          1.4  EFFECTS OF THE MERGER. At and after the Effective Time, the
Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL, including Sections 259, 260
and 261 of the DGCL.

          1.5  CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK.  At the Effective Time by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Sub, Company
or the holder of any of the following securities:

          (a)  Each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
     Company (the "COMPANY COMMON STOCK"), together with the associated common
     stock purchase rights (the "COMPANY RIGHTS") under the Company Rights
     Agreement (as defined in Section 3.23) issued and outstanding immediately
     prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of Company Common Stock
     canceled pursuant to Section 1.5(c) and Dissenting Shares, as defined in
     Section 1.5(d)) shall be converted into the right to receive $2.50 in cash
     payable to the holder thereof, without interest thereon (the "MERGER
     CONSIDERATION"), less any required withholding taxes.

          (b)  All of the shares of Company Common Stock and Company Rights
     issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall no
     longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease
     to exist as of the Effective Time, and each certificate (each a "COMMON
     CERTIFICATE") previously representing any such shares of Company Common
     Stock and Company Rights (other than shares canceled pursuant to Section
     1.5(c) and Dissenting Shares) shall thereafter represent solely the right
     to receive the Merger Consideration into which the shares of Company Common
     Stock and Company Rights represented by such Common Certificate have been
     converted pursuant to this Section 1.5.

          (c) At the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock that are
     held by Company as treasury stock, if any, or by Parent or any of Parent's
     wholly owned Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 3.1(a)) shall
     automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and no cash, stock of
     Parent or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

          (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares
     of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
     Effective Time held by holders (if any) who have not voted in favor of the
     Merger or consented thereto in writing and who have demanded appraisal
     rights with respect thereto in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL and,
     as of the Effective Time, have not failed to perfect or have not
     effectively withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal and payment under
     Section 262 of the DGCL ("DISSENTING SHARES") shall not be converted into

     the right to receive the Merger Consideration as described in Section
     1.5(a), but holders of such shares shall be entitled to receive payment of
     the appraised value of such Dissenting Shares in accordance with the
     provisions of such Section 262, except that any Dissenting Shares held by a
     holder who shall have failed to perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn
     or lost its right to appraisal and payment under Section 262 of the DGCL
     shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted into the right to receive
     the Merger Consideration, less any required withholding taxes, and shall no
     longer be considered Dissenting Shares. Any holder of Dissenting Shares who
     becomes entitled to payment for such holder's Company Common Stock pursuant
     to such Section 262 of the DGCL shall receive payment therefor from the
     Surviving Corporation. Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any
     written demands for appraisal of any shares, attempted withdrawals of such
     demands and any other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL received by
     Company relating to stockholders' rights of appraisal and (ii) the
     opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to
     demands for appraisal under the DGCL. Company shall not, except with the
     prior written consent of Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect
     to any demands for appraisals of capital stock of Company, offer to settle
     or settle any such demands or approve any withdrawal of any such demands.

          (e) Each share of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Sub
     issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
     converted into one identical share of the common stock of the Surviving
     Corporation and shall constitute the only issued and outstanding capital
     stock of the Surviving Corporation following the Effective Time.

          1.6  OPTIONS, WARRANTS AND RESTRICTED STOCK. (a) Immediately prior to
the Effective Time, each employee, consultant and director stock option to
purchase shares of Company Common Stock (each, a "COMPANY OPTION") and each
Company Warrant (as defined in Section 3.2) which is then outstanding and
unexercised, whether or not then exercisable, shall be (or, if not previously
vested and exercisable, shall become) vested and exercisable (provided that any
Company Option or Company Warrant as to which the per share exercise price
exceeds the Merger Consideration shall not be exercisable and shall be canceled
without consideration therefor) and such Company Options and Company Warrants
immediately thereafter shall be canceled by Company pursuant to this Section
1.6, and each holder of a canceled Company Option or Company Warrant shall be
entitled to receive at the Effective Time or as soon as practicable thereafter
from Company in consideration for the cancellation of such Company Option or
Company Warrant an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the number of
shares of Company Common Stock previously subject to such Company Option or
Company Warrant and (ii) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over
the exercise price per share of Company Common Stock previously subject to such
Company Option or Company Warrant, less any applicable withholding taxes.

          (b) Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each share of restricted
Company Common Stock held by an employee, consultant or director of Company or
its Subsidiaries ("COMPANY RESTRICTED STOCK"), which is then outstanding and
restricted, shall become vested and such Company Restricted Stock immediately
thereafter shall be converted into the right to receive Merger Consideration.

          (c) Company shall (i) take all actions necessary and appropriate so
that all stock or other equity based plans maintained with respect to Company
Common Stock (the "COMPANY STOCK PLANS"), including, without limitation, the
plans listed in Section 3.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, shall
terminate as of the Effective Time and that any other Employee Plan (as
hereinafter defined in Section 3.10) providing for the issuance, transfer or
grant of any capital stock of Company or any interest in respect of any capital
stock of Company shall be amended to provide that no further issuances, transfer
or grants shall be permitted as of the Effective Time and (ii) provide that,
following the Effective Time, no holder of a Company Option, a Company Warrant
or Company Restricted Stock or any participant in any Company Stock Plan shall
have any right thereunder to acquire or receive any capital stock of Company,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation. Prior to the Effective Time, Company shall
use reasonable best efforts to (x) obtain all necessary consents from, and
provide (in a form acceptable to Parent) any required notices to, holders of
Company Options and Company Restricted Stock and (y) amend the terms of the
applicable Company Stock Option, Company Restricted Stock and Company Stock
Plan, in each case as is necessary to give effect to the provisions of this
Section 1.6.

          1.7  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION. Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of
Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the
certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter
amended as provided therein and by the DGCL.

          1.8  BYLAWS. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at
the Effective Time, the bylaws of Company, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended as provided therein and by the DGCL.

          1.9  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF SURVIVING CORPORATION. At the Effective
Time, the directors and officers of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the directors and officers, respectively, of the Surviving Corporation
following the Merger, to hold office in accordance with the Surviving
Corporation's bylaws and applicable law.

          1.10  ALTERNATE TRANSACTION STRUCTURES. The parties agree that Parent
may at any time change the method of effecting the Merger, including by merging
Company with and into Parent or by merging Company with and into a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and Company shall cooperate in such
efforts, including by entering into an appropriate amendment to this Agreement;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any such actions shall not (a) alter or change the
amount or kind of consideration to be issued to holders of Company Common Stock,
Company Options or Company Warrants as provided for in this Agreement or the
timing of payment therefor as provided herein, (b) adversely affect the tax
treatment to Company's stockholders as a result of receiving the Merger
Consideration, or (c) materially delay or make materially more difficult the
receipt of any approval referred to in Section 7.1(b) or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE II

                               EXCHANGE OF SHARES

          2.1  ESTABLISHMENT OF EXCHANGE FUND. Prior to the Effective Time,
Parent shall designate a bank or trust company to act as exchange agent (the
"EXCHANGE AGENT") for the payment of the Merger Consideration. At or prior to
the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with
the Exchange Agent, for the benefit of the holders of Common Certificates, for
exchange in accordance with this Article II, cash (such cash being hereinafter
referred to as the "EXCHANGE FUND") to be paid pursuant to Section 2.2(a) in
exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common Stock.

          2.2 EXCHANGE OF SHARES. (a) As soon as practicable after the Effective
Time, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record as of the Effective
Time of one or more Common Certificates (other than with respect to shares of
Company Common Stock canceled pursuant to Section 1.5(c)) a letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Common Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Common Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the Common Certificates in exchange for the Merger
Consideration. Upon proper surrender of a Common Certificate for exchange and
cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with such properly completed letter
of transmittal, duly executed, covering such Common Certificate, the holder of
such Common Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a
check representing the amount of the Merger Consideration, less any required
withholding taxes, and the Common Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be
canceled. No interest will be paid or accrued on the Merger Consideration
payable to holders of Common Certificates.

          (b) If the payment of the Merger Consideration is to be made to a
person other than the registered holder of the Common Certificate surrendered in
exchange therefor, it shall be a condition to the payment thereof that the
Common Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed (or accompanied by
an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for
transfer, and that the person requesting such exchange shall pay to the Exchange
Agent in advance any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance,
delivery or payment of such Merger Consideration to any person other than the
registered holder of the Common Certificate surrendered, or required for any
other reason, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that
such tax has been paid or is not payable.

          (c) After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock
transfer books of Company of the shares of Company Common Stock, which were
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the
Effective Time, Common Certificates representing such shares are presented for
transfer to the Exchange Agent, they shall be canceled and exchanged for the
applicable Merger Consideration as provided in this Article II.

          (d) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the
stockholders of Company for 6 months after the Effective Time shall be paid to
Parent. Any stockholders of Company who have not theretofore complied with this
Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of the Merger

Consideration, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none
of the Surviving Corporation, Parent, the Exchange Agent or any other person
shall be liable to any former holder of shares of Company Common Stock for any
Merger Consideration delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

          (e) In the event any Common Certificate shall have been lost, stolen
or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person
claiming such Common Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if
reasonably required by Parent, the posting by such person of a bond in such
amount as Parent may determine is reasonably necessary as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against it with respect to such Common Certificate, the
Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Common
Certificate the Merger Consideration.

          (f) All cash paid upon the surrender of the Common Certificates in
accordance with the terms of Articles I and II shall be deemed to have been paid
in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of the Company
Common Stock and Company Rights theretofore represented by such Common
Certificates; SUBJECT, HOWEVER, to the Surviving Corporation's obligation, with
respect to shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time, to pay any dividends or make any other distributions with a
record date prior to the Effective Time which may have been declared or made by
Company on such shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement or prior to the date of this Agreement and which remain unpaid at
the Effective Time.

          (g) The Exchange Agent shall invest any funds in the Exchange Fund as
directed by Parent; PROVIDED, that such investments shall be in obligations of
or guaranteed by the United States of America, in commercial paper obligations
rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody's Investors Services, Inc. or Standard &
Poor's Corporation, respectively, or in certificates of deposit, bank repurchase
agreements or banker's acceptances of commercial banks with capital exceeding
$500 million. Any interest and other income resulting from such investments
shall be paid to Parent.

                                  ARTICLE III

                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

          Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Sub as follows:

          3.1  CORPORATE ORGANIZATION. (a) Company is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware. Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to own or
lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business and in good
standing in each jurisdiction (whether federal, state, local or foreign) in
which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of
the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified
(individually or in the aggregate) could not reasonably be expected to have a

Material Adverse Effect on Company. As used in this Agreement, (i) the term
"MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means, with respect to Company, a material adverse
effect on the business, assets (tangible or intangible), liabilities,
operations, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations or
prospects of Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or on the ability of
Company to perform its obligations under and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement on a timely basis; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in
determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred there shall be
excluded any effect the cause of which is (A) a change (including a change in
general economic conditions) affecting railroad transportation companies
generally, (B) any action or omission of Company or Parent taken with the prior
consent of Parent or Company, as applicable, in contemplation of the Merger and
(C) any action not taken or omission made by Company because the consent thereto
reasonably requested by Company from Parent to conduct ordinary business
operations was denied or not acted upon in a timely manner by Parent; and (ii)
the term "SUBSIDIARY" when used with respect to any party means any corporation
or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, (x) of which such
party or any other Subsidiary of such party is a general partner (excluding
partnerships, the general partnership interests of which held by such party or
any Subsidiary of such party do not have a majority of the voting interests in
such partnership), or (y) a majority of the securities or other interests of
which having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the
board of directors or other body performing similar functions with respect to
such corporation or other organization is directly or indirectly owned or
controlled by such party or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such
party and one or more of its Subsidiaries. Section 3.1(a) of the Company
disclosure schedule delivered to Parent concurrently herewith (the "COMPANY
DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE") contains true and complete copies of the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of Company, as in effect as of the date of this
Agreement. Such organizational documents are in full force and effect and no
other organizational documents are applicable to or binding upon Company.
Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of its certificate of
incorporation or bylaws.

          (b) Part I of Section 3.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a complete and correct list of all of Company's Subsidiaries (each a
"COMPANY SUBSIDIARY", and collectively the "COMPANY SUBSIDIARIES") and
indicates, as to each such Subsidiary, the number and type of outstanding shares
of capital stock or other equity securities of each such Subsidiary, any issued
and outstanding options, warrants, stock appreciation rights, scrip, rights to
subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities or rights convertible into, shares of any capital stock or other
equity securities of such Subsidiary, and any contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which such Subsidiary may become bound to
issue additional shares of its capital stock or other equity securities, or
options, warrants, scrip, rights to purchase, acquire, subscribe to, calls on or
commitments for any shares of its capital stock or other equity securities and
the identity of the parties to any such agreements or arrangements. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities evidencing ownership of
the Company Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued and are
fully paid and non-assessable with no personal liability attaching to the
ownership thereof and such shares or other securities are owned by Company or
its wholly owned Subsidiaries free and clear of any lien, claim, charge, option,
encumbrance, mortgage, pledge or security interest (a "LIEN") with respect
thereto, except for Liens thereon in connection with the Company's Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 21, 1998 with LaSalle
National Bank (the "LASALLE AGREEMENT"). Each Company Subsidiary (i) is a duly

organized and validly existing corporation, partnership or limited liability
company or other legal entity under the laws of its jurisdiction of
organization, (ii) is duly licensed or qualified to do business and in good
standing in all jurisdictions (whether federal, state, local or foreign) where
its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it
to be so qualified (except for jurisdictions in which the failure to be so
licensed or qualified (individually or in the aggregate) could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company) and (iii) has all
requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted. Except for (i) the
ownership interests set forth in Part II of Section 3.1(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and (ii) the ownership interests in its Subsidiaries
disclosed in Part I of Section 3.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or other
ownership interest, and does not have any option or similar right to acquire any
equity or other ownership interest which represents 5% or more of the
outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or ownership interests in
any entity. Part III of Section 3.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
provides a complete and accurate description of all partnership, joint venture
and similar investments held by Company or any Company Subsidiary, including,
without limitation, all such investments in which any Company employee or
affiliate serves as a director. Company has provided or made available to Parent
a complete and accurate copy of all such partnership, joint venture or similar
agreements to which Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party. Neither
Company nor any Company Subsidiary is subject to any obligation or requirement
to provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in, any entity.

          (c) Company has made available to Parent the minute books of Company,
which accurately reflect in all material respects all corporate meetings and
actions held or taken since June 30, 1998 by its stockholders and Board of
Directors (including committees of the Board of Directors of Company).

          3.2 CAPITALIZATION. The authorized capital stock of Company consists
of 30,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 3,000,000 shares of $.14 Series
A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the
"PREFERRED STOCK"). As of November 30, 2001, (i) 7,909,592 shares of Company
Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (ii) 832,788 shares of Company Common
Stock were held in treasury, (iii) no shares of Preferred Stock were issued or
outstanding, (iv) certain shares of Company Common Stock that were reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of the Company Rights and (v) 50,000 shares of
Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of warrants to
purchase 50,000 shares of Company Common Stock ("COMPANY WARRANTS"). All of the
issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have been duly authorized
and validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive
rights, with no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof. The
shares of Company Common Stock which are issuable upon exercise of Company
Options or Company Warrants have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance
and, if and when issued pursuant to the terms thereof, will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal
liability attaching to the ownership thereof. Part I of Section 3.2 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, in each case as of November 30, 2001,
(i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock that were reserved for issuance
upon the exercise of authorized but unissued stock options pursuant to the
Company Stock Plans, (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of outstanding Company Options pursuant to the Company Stock

Plans and (iii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock that were reserved
for issuance under Company's restricted stock plans or otherwise. Part III of
Section 3.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list, as of November
30, 2001, of the holders of record of the Company Warrants the number of shares
subject to each such Company Warrant, the expiration date of each such Company
Warrant and the price at which each such Company Warrant may be exercised.
Except as set forth above in this Section 3.2 or in Part I or Part II of Section
3.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no other shares of Company Common Stock,
capital stock or other equity or voting securities of Company were outstanding
or reserved for issuance. Part II of Section 3.2 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a list, as of November 30, 2001, of the holders of Company
Options, the date of grant of each Company Option granted and outstanding, the
number of shares subject to each such option, the expiration date of each such
option, the vesting schedule of each such option and the price at which each
such option may be exercised under the applicable Company Stock Plan. Except as
set forth in Part III of Section 3.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since
June 30, 2001, Company has not (i) issued any shares of its capital stock or
other equity or voting securities or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock or other equity
or voting securities or (ii) taken any action which would cause an antidilution
adjustment under any outstanding options or warrants. There are no outstanding
bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of Company having the right to
vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, securities having
the right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of Company may vote.
Except as set forth above, there are no outstanding securities, options,
warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings
of any kind to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which
any of them is bound obligating Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of
capital stock or other equity or voting securities of Company or of any of its
Subsidiaries or obligating Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, grant,
extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right,
commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. There are no outstanding
contractual obligations, commitments, understandings or arrangements of Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of capital stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in
Part IV of Section 3.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no
agreements or arrangements pursuant to which Company is or could be required to
register shares of Company Common Stock or other securities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT"), or other agreements or
arrangements with or, to the knowledge of Company, among any securityholders of
Company with respect to securities of Company. There are no voting, sale,
transfer or other similar agreements to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party with respect to the capital stock of Company or its Subsidiaries or
any other securities of Company or its Subsidiaries which are convertible or
exchangeable into or exercisable for shares of the capital stock of Company or
its Subsidiaries. None of the shares of Company Common Stock are held, directly
or indirectly, by any of the Company Subsidiaries.

          3.3  AUTHORITY; NO VIOLATION. (a) Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The Board of Directors of Company, at a
meeting duly called and held, has (the "COMPANY BOARD RECOMMENDATION") (i)
determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger, are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of the

holders of shares of Company Common Stock, (ii) duly approved and adopted a
resolution containing this Agreement and approved the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger,
and approved the execution and performance of the Support Agreement, and (iii)
resolved to recommend that the holders of shares of Company Common Stock vote to
approve and adopt this Agreement. The Board of Directors of Company has directed
that this Agreement be submitted to Company's stockholders for approval at a
meeting of such stockholders and, except for the adoption of this Agreement by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock entitled to vote thereon in connection with the Merger (the
"COMPANY STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL") and the approval and filing of the Proxy
Statement (as defined in Section 6.1), no other corporate proceedings on the
part of Company or the Board of Directors of Company and no other votes or
consents of any holders of Company securities are necessary to approve this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Company and (assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Sub) constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of Company, enforceable against Company in accordance
with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or
affecting creditors' rights generally, and general equitable principles (whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

          (b)  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company
nor the consummation by Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor
compliance by Company with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i)
violate any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or other
constituent documents) of Company or any Company Subsidiary or (ii) assuming
that the consents and approvals referred to in Section 3.4 are duly obtained,
violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ,
decree or injunction applicable to Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective properties or assets, or violate, conflict with, result in a
breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of
termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by or
rights or obligations under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of
the respective properties or assets of Company or any of its Subsidiaries under,
any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, deed of trust, permit, concession, franchise, license, lease,
agreement, contract, or other instrument or obligation to which Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or any of their respective
properties, assets or business activities may be bound or affected, except in
the case of clause (ii) above for such violations, conflicts, breaches or
defaults which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

          3.4  CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. Except for (i) the Surface Transportation
Board's exemption or approval of the Merger and the Support Agreement and the
Canadian Transportation Administration's approval of the Merger (the "REGULATORY
APPROVALS"), (ii) the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC") of the Schedule 14A containing the Proxy Statement (as defined herein),
(iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL, (iv) the expiration of any applicable
waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,

as amended (the "HSR Act"), (v) the Company Stockholder Approval, (vi) the
filing with the SEC of such reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the "EXCHANGE ACT"), as may be required in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, (vii) the third party consents set forth on Section 3.4 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule (the "THIRD PARTY CONSENTS") and (viii) such other consents,
approvals, filings and registrations the failure to obtain which could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on Company, no consents or approvals of or filings or
registrations with any court, administrative agency or commission or other
governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality (each a "GOVERNMENTAL
ENTITY"), or of or with any Regulatory Agency (as defined in Section 3.5) or
other third party, are necessary in connection with the execution and delivery
by Company of this Agreement and the consummation by Company of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. To the best knowledge of Company, there is no
reason to believe that the Regulatory Approvals and Third Party Consents
required to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the
"REQUISITE APPROVALS") cannot be obtained on a timely basis.

          3.5  REGULATORY REPORTS. Company and each of its Subsidiaries have
filed all regulatory reports, schedules, forms, registrations and other
documents, together with any amendments required to be made with respect
thereto, that they were required to file since June 30, 1998 with (i) the SEC,
(ii) any domestic or foreign industry self-regulatory organization ("SRO") and
(iii) any other federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory agency or
authority (collectively with the SEC and all SROs, "REGULATORY AGENCIES"), and
have timely paid all taxes, fees and assessments due and payable in connection
therewith, except as to (ii) and (iii) where the failure to file such report,
registration or statement or to pay such fees and assessments, either
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Except as disclosed in Section 3.5 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule and for normal examinations conducted by a
Regulatory Agency in the regular course of the business of Company and its
Subsidiaries, no Regulatory Agency has initiated any proceeding or, to the
knowledge of Company, investigation into the business or operations of Company
or any of its Subsidiaries since June 30, 1998 involving a potential penalty or
fine of more than $25,000. There is no material unresolved violation, criticism
or exception by any Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement
relating to any examinations of Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

          3.6  BROKER'S FEES; OPINION OF COMPANY FINANCIAL ADVISOR. (a) No
broker, finder or investment banker (other than Ferris, Baker Watts,
Incorporated (the "COMPANY FINANCIAL ADVISOR"), whose fee shall be paid by
Parent) is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or other fee or commission in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Company has
furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy of all agreements between
Company and the Company Financial Advisor pursuant to which such firm would be
entitled to any payment relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.

          (b) Company has received the written opinion of the Company Financial
Advisor dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that the Merger
Consideration is fair to the holders of the Company Common Stock from a
financial point of view, a signed copy of which opinion has been delivered to
Parent.

          3.7  ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS. (a) Since June 30, 2001,
except as specifically disclosed in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2001 (the "SEPTEMBER 10-Q"), no event,
change or circumstance has occurred which has had, or could reasonably be
expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect on Company.

          (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.7(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or specifically disclosed in the September 10-Q, since June 30, 2001,
Company and its Subsidiaries have, in all material respects, carried on their
respective businesses only in the ordinary and usual course consistent with
their past practices.

          (c) Except as disclosed in Section 3.7(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or specifically disclosed in the September 10-Q, since June 30, 2001,
there has not occurred any event that, if it had taken place following the
execution of this Agreement, would not have been permitted by Section 5.2
without the prior consent of Parent.

          (d) Except as set forth in Section 3.7(d) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or specifically disclosed in the September 10-Q, since June 30, 2001,
there has not been any (i) increase in the compensation or fringe benefits of
any present or former director, officer or employee of Company or its
Subsidiaries (except for increases in salary or wages in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice), (ii) grant of any severance or
termination pay to any present or former director, officer or employee of
Company or its Subsidiaries, (iii) loan or advance of money or other property by
Company or its Subsidiaries to any of their present or former directors,
officers or employees or (iv) establishment, adoption, entrance into, amendment
or termination of any Employee Plan (as hereinafter defined in Section 3.10).

          3.8  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  Except as set forth in Section 3.8 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no suits, actions, counterclaims,
proceedings (whether judicial, arbitral, administrative or other) or
governmental, or regulatory investigations pending or, to the best knowledge of
Company, threatened against or affecting Company or any of its Subsidiaries
which could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on Company. There is not any judgment,
decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator
outstanding against Company or any of its Subsidiaries having, or which
individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect on Company.

          3.9  TAXES AND TAX RETURNS. (a) Company and each of its Subsidiaries,
and any consolidated, combined, unitary or aggregate group for tax purposes of
which Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or has been a member, has filed all
Tax Returns (as defined below) required to be filed by it on or prior to the
date hereof in the manner provided by law. If not yet filed, such Tax Returns
will be filed within the time prescribed by law (including extensions of time
permitted by the appropriate Taxing Authority). All such Tax Returns are true,
correct and complete in all material respects. Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has paid or will pay on a timely basis all Taxes (as defined below)
whether or not shown thereon to be due other than Taxes which (i) are being
contested in good faith, (ii) have not been finally determined and (iii) for
which an adequate reserve has been provided in accordance with GAAP. No claim
has been made by any Taxing authority in a jurisdiction where any of Company or

its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns with respect to one or more
particular types of Taxes that it is or may be subject to such type or types of
Tax by that jurisdiction.

          (b)  Except as set forth in Section 3.9(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there are no examinations, audits, actions, proceedings,
investigations or disputes pending, or claims asserted, for Taxes upon Company
or any of its Subsidiaries which, either individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. No closing
agreements, private letter rulings, technical advice memoranda or similar
agreements or rulings have been entered into or issued by any Taxing Authority
with respect to Company or any of its Subsidiaries that have an impact on any
Taxes for any taxable period ending after the Closing Date.

          (c)  Proper and accurate amounts for all Taxes have been withheld by
Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with amounts paid or owing on or
prior to the date hereof to any employee, officer, creditor, stockholder,
independent contractor or other person in compliance with the tax withholding
provisions of applicable federal, state and local laws and have been paid,
remitted or deposited to or with the appropriate Taxing Authorities except for
such amounts, the failure of which to so withhold, either individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Company. If not yet withheld, proper and accurate amounts for all Taxes will be
so withheld and will be paid, remitted or deposited to or with the appropriate
Taxing Authorities within the time prescribed by law (including extensions of
time permitted by the appropriate Taxing Authority).

          (d)  There are no Tax liens upon any property or assets of Company or
any of its Subsidiaries except liens for Taxes not yet due and payable.

          (e)  None of Company and its Subsidiaries has filed a consent under
section 341(f) of the Code concerning collapsible corporations. None of Company
and its Subsidiaries has been required to include in income any adjustment
pursuant to section 481 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or
foreign tax law) by reason of a voluntary change in accounting method initiated
by Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and the IRS has not initiated or proposed
any such adjustment or change in accounting method. None of Company or any of
its Subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding corporation
within the meaning of section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period
specified in section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.

          (f)  Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has been a member
of an affiliated group filing consolidated federal income tax return (other than
a group the common parent of which was Company), (ii) is a party to, or is bound
by or has any obligation under, a Tax allocation or Tax sharing agreement (other
than an agreement solely among members of a group the common parent of which is
Company) or similar contract, agreement or arrangement that obligates it to make
any payment computed by reference to the Taxes, taxable income or taxable losses
of any other person, or (iii) has any liability for the Taxes of any person
(other than any of Company or its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation
section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law), as a
transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise.

          (g)  Neither Company nor its Subsidiaries shall be required to include
in its taxable income in any taxable period ending after the Closing Date any
material amounts (i) attributable to income accrued, but not recognized, in a
prior taxable period or (ii) that were taken into account as income for
financial accounting purposes prior to the Closing Date other than those amounts
for which deferred taxes have been provided.

          (h)  As of the Closing Date, Company and its direct and indirect
domestic, wholly owned, corporate Subsidiaries will have not less than
$31,000,000 (thirty-one million dollars) of available net operating losses for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Section 3.9(h) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule accurately sets out the amounts of such net operating losses, (broken
down by entity incurring the loss and the year in which each such loss arose) of
Company and each of its Subsidiaries, which are or will be available for
carryover to taxable periods beginning after the Closing Date. Prior to the
Closing Date, there has not been any change of ownership of Company or any of
its Subsidiaries within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations thereunder or any other limitation on the utilization of such net
operating losses.

          For purposes of this Agreement, "CODE" shall mean the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor law. For purposes of this
Agreement, "TAX" or "TAXES" shall mean any taxes of any kind, including but not
limited to those on or measured by or referred to as income, gross receipts,
capital, sales, use, ad valorem, franchise, profits, license, withholding,
payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, value added,
property or windfall profits taxes, customs duties or similar fees, assessments
or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties,
additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by any governmental authority,
domestic or foreign.  For purposes of this Agreement, "TAXING AUTHORITY"
shall mean, with respect to any Tax, the government entity or political
subdivision thereof that imposes such Tax and the agency (if any) charged with
the collection of such Tax for such entity or subdivision. For purposes of this
Agreement, "TAX RETURN" shall mean any return, report or statement required to
be filed with any governmental authority with respect to Taxes, including any
schedule or attachment thereto or amendment thereof. For purposes of this
Agreement, "TREASURY REGULATIONS" shall mean the Treasury Regulations
promulgated under the Code.

          3.10 EMPLOYEES. (a) Section 3.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
contains a true and complete list of each "employee benefit plan" (within the
meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder ("ERISA")
including, without limitation, multiemployer plans within the meaning of ERISA
Section 3(37)) and each employment, severance or similar contract or arrangement
(whether or not written) and each plan, policy, fund, program, contract or
arrangement (whether or not written) providing for compensation, bonus,
profit-sharing, stock options, other stock related rights, other forms of
incentive or deferred compensation, vacation benefits, insurance coverage
(including any self-insured arrangements), health or medical benefits,
disability benefits, workers' compensation, supplemental unemployment benefits,
severance benefits, or post-employment or retirement benefits that (i) is
entered into, maintained, administered or contributed to by Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any entity which, together with Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, would be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the
Code (each such entity, an "ERISA AFFILIATE") and (ii) covers any current or
former employee, consultant, independent contractor or director of or with
respect to Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each, an "EMPLOYEE PLAN").
Company has furnished to Parent accurate and complete copies of the Employee
Plans (or, to the extent no copy exists, an accurate description thereof) (and,
to the extent applicable, related trust agreements), all amendments thereto, all
written interpretations thereof, as well as, with respect to each Employee Plan
if applicable, (i) the three most recent annual reports (Form 5500 and attached
schedules), (ii) audited financial statements for the three most recent years,
(iii) actuarial valuation reports for the three most recent years, (iv)
attorney's response to auditor's request for information and (v) any summary
plan description and other written communications (or a description of any oral
communications) by Company or its Subsidiaries to their employees concerning the
extent of the benefits provided under an Employee Plan.

          (b)  Except as set forth in Section 3.10(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, none of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate has at
any time incurred any current or projected liability in respect of
post-employment or post-retirement health, medical or life insurance benefits
for current, former or retired employees or directors of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, except as required to avoid an excise tax under Section 4980B of
the Code.

          (c)  Except as set forth in Section 3.10(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, each Employee Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code is so qualified and has been so qualified during the period
since its adoption and nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to
act, that could reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such qualification;
each trust created under any such Plan is exempt from tax under Section 501(a)
of the Code and has been so exempt since its creation. Company has provided
Parent with the most recent determination letter of the Internal Revenue Service
relating to each such Employee Plan. Each Employee Plan has been maintained in
substantial compliance with its terms and with the requirements prescribed by
any and all applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but
not limited to ERISA and the Code, and has been maintained in good standing with
applicable regulatory authorities. No event has occurred and no condition exists
that would subject Company or its Subsidiaries, either directly or by reason of
their affiliation with an ERISA Affiliate, to any tax, fine, lien, penalty or
other liability imposed by ERISA, the Code or other applicable laws, rules and
regulations which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Company. For each Employee

Plan with respect to which a Form 5500 has been filed, no material change has
been occurred with respect to the matters covered by the most recent Form since
the date thereof. No "reportable event" (as such term is defined in ERISA
section 4043), "prohibited transaction" (as such term is defined in ERISA
section 406 and Code section 4975) or "accumulated funding deficiency" (as such
term is defined in ERISA section 302 and Code section 412 (whether or not
waived)) has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan which, either
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect on Company. All awards, grants or bonuses made pursuant
to any Employee Plan have been, or will be, fully deductible to Company or its
Subsidiaries notwithstanding the provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code and
the regulations promulgated thereunder or any other applicable laws, rules and
regulations.

          (d)  There has been no amendment to, written interpretation of or
announcement (whether or not written) by Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
ERISA Affiliates relating to, or any change in employee participation or
coverage under, any Employee Plan that would increase materially the expense of
maintaining such Employee Plan above the level of the expense incurred in
respect thereof for the most recent fiscal year ended prior to the date hereof.

          (e)  With respect to each Employee Plan that is not a multiemployer
plan within the meaning of section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, as of the Closing Date,
the assets of each such Employee Plan are at least equal in value to the present
value of the accrued benefits (vested and unvested) of the participants in such
Employee Plan on a termination and projected benefit obligation basis, based on
the actuarial methods and assumptions indicated in the most recent actuarial
valuation reports.

          (f)  With respect to any multiemployer plan (within the meaning of
ERISA section 4001(a)(3)) to which Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA
Affiliate has any liability or contributes (or has at any time contributed or
had an obligation to contribute): (i) none of Company, its Subsidiaries or any
ERISA Affiliate has incurred any withdrawal liability under Title IV of ERISA or
would be subject to such liability if, as of the Closing Date, Company, its
Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate were to engage in a complete withdrawal (as
defined in ERISA section 4203) or partial withdrawal (as defined in ERISA
section 4205) from any such multiemployer plan; and (ii) no such multiemployer
plan is in reorganization or insolvent (as those terms are defined in ERISA
sections 4241 and 4245, respectively).

          (g) With respect to any Employee Plan, (i) no actions, suits or claims
(other than routine claims for benefits in the ordinary course) are pending or
threatened, (ii) no facts or circumstances exist that could give rise to any
such actions, suits or claims, (iii) no written or oral communication has been
received from the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the "PBGC") in respect
of any Employee Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA concerning the funded status
of any such plan or any transfer of assets and liabilities from any such plan in
connection with the transactions contemplated herein, and (iv) no administrative
investigation, audit or other administrative proceeding by the Department of
Labor, the PBGC, the Internal Revenue Service or other governmental agencies are
pending, threatened or in progress.

          (h)  Except as set forth in Section 3.10(h) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, no Employee Plan exists that, as a result of the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, could result in the payment to any current or

former employee of Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any money or other
property or could result in the acceleration or provision of any other rights or
benefits to any such employee, whether or not such payment, right or benefit
would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Code section 280G.

          (i) Except as set forth in Section 3.10(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule and other than as provided in Section 1.6, no employee or former
employee of Company or any of its Subsidiaries will become entitled to any
bonus, retirement, job security or similar benefit or enhanced such benefit as a
result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          (j) Other than specified in Part I of Section 3.10(j) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
any collective bargaining or other labor union contracts or is the subject of
any proceeding asserting that it or any Subsidiary has committed an unfair labor
practice nor has Company or any of its Subsidiaries been the subject of any such
proceeding during the past five years. During the past five years there has
been, and as of the date of this Agreement there is, no pending or, to the
knowledge of Company, threatened labor dispute, strike or work stoppage against
Company or any of its Subsidiaries which interfered or would interfere with the
respective business activities of Company or its Subsidiaries. During the past
five years there has been, and as of the date of this Agreement there is, no
action, suit, complaint, charge, arbitration, inquiry, proceeding, grievance or
investigation by or before any court, government agency, administrative agency
or commission brought by or on behalf of any employee, prospective employee,
former employee, retiree or other representative of Company's employees pending
or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against Company or any of its
Subsidiaries other than any which could not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Neither Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or otherwise bound by, any consent, decree, or
citation by any government entity relating to employees or employment practices.
Except as specified in Part I of Section 3.10(j) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has closed any facility,
effectuated any layoffs of employees other than in the ordinary course of
business or implemented any early retirement, separation or voluntary separation
window program within the past five years, nor has Company planned or announced
any such action or program for the future. Except as set forth in Part II of
Section 3.10(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is liable for any severance pay or other payments to any
employee or former employee arising from the termination of employment, nor will
Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any liability under any benefit or
severance policy, practice, agreement, plan or program which exists or arises,
or may be deemed to exist or arise, under any applicable law or otherwise, as a
result of or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder or as a
result of the termination by Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any employee
on or prior to the Closing Date.

          3.11 SEC REPORTS. Company has made available to Parent an accurate and
complete copy of each (a) final registration statement, prospectus, report,
schedule, form and definitive proxy statement filed since June 30, 1997 by
Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
(collectively, and in each case including all exhibits and schedules thereto and
documents incorporated by reference therein, the "COMPANY REPORTS"), and (b)
communication mailed by Company to its stockholders since June 30, 1997 and
which are not available on the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and
Retrieval ("EDGAR") System. As of their respective dates of filing or mailing,

as the case may be, each Company Report and each such communication complied in
all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to such Company Report or communication, and
as of such dates no such Company Report or communication (including any and all
financial statements included therein) contained any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. Since June 30, 1998,
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has filed all reports and other documents
required to be filed by them under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act on a
timely basis.

          3.12  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Each of the consolidated financial
statements (including the notes thereto) included in the Company Reports
complied as to form, as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") (except, in
the case of unaudited consolidated quarterly statements, as permitted by Form
10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial position of Company and its
Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations and cash flows for the periods then ended. The books and records of
Company and its Subsidiaries have been, and are being, maintained in all
material respects in accordance with GAAP and any other applicable legal and
accounting requirements.

          3.13  LICENSES; COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. (a) Company and its
Subsidiaries hold, and have been and are in compliance with, all permits,
licenses, variances, exemptions, authorizations, orders and approvals
("PERMITS") of all Governmental Entities necessary for the operation of their
respective businesses, except to the extent that the failure to so hold or
comply with such Permits could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, and there are no
proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of Company, threatened or
contemplated by any Governmental Entity seeking to terminate, revoke or
materially limit any such Permit, nor, to the best knowledge of Company, do
adequate grounds exist for any such action by any Governmental Entity.

          (b) Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor the conduct of any
of their respective businesses is in conflict with, or in default or violation
of, any statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, Permits, rules, judgments,
decrees or arbitration awards of any Governmental Entity applicable to Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or by which its or any of their respective properties
are bound or affected, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations
which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

          3.14  CERTAIN CONTRACTS.  Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule includes a list of each (i) contract, arrangement, commitment or
understanding with respect to the employment of any directors, executive
officers or key employees, or with any consultants involving the payment of
$25,000 or more per annum, (ii) contract, arrangement, commitment or
understanding which is a "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC) that has not been filed as an exhibit

to a Company Report, (iii) contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding
which limits in any way the ability of Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
compete in any line of business, in any geographic area or with any person, or
which requires referrals of any business, (iv) contract, arrangement, commitment
or understanding with or to a labor union or guild (including any collective
bargaining agreement), (v) contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding
(including, without limitation, any Company Employee Plan but excluding options,
warrants and other securities identified in Section 3.2 or in Section 3.2 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule) any of the benefits of which will be paid or
increased, or the vesting of the benefits of which will be accelerated, by the
delivery of this Agreement or the occurrence of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or the value of any of the benefits of which
will be calculated on the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (vi) contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding which would
prohibit or materially delay the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (vii) loan agreement, indenture, mortgage,
pledge, conditional sale or title retention agreement, security agreement,
guaranty, standby letter of credit (to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is the responsible party), equipment lease involving the payment of more than
$15,000 in any year or lease purchase agreement to which Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound, (viii) contract,
agreement, arrangement or understanding between any affiliate of Company (other
than any wholly owned Subsidiary of Company), on the one hand, and Company or
any Subsidiary of Company, on the other hand, and (ix) any other contract,
arrangement, commitment or understanding that is material to the business,
assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (provided, that for purposes of this clause
(ix) any contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding involving payments
or receipts by Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $250,000 over the
term thereof shall be deemed to be material). Company has made available to
Parent complete and accurate copies of all Company Contracts (as defined below).
Each contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding of the type described in
this Section 3.14, whether or not set forth in Section 3.14 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, is referred to herein as a "COMPANY CONTRACT". All
contracts, agreements, arrangements or understandings of any kind between any
affiliate of Company (other than any wholly owned Subsidiary of Company), on the
one hand, and Company or any Subsidiary of Company, on the other hand, are on
terms no less favorable to Company or to such Subsidiary of Company than could
reasonably have been obtained with an unaffiliated third party on an
arm's-length basis. None of Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in material
breach of or default in the performance of its obligations under any Company
Contract, and no material breach or default, alleged breach or default or event
which would (with the passage of time, notice or both) constitute a material
breach or default thereunder by Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or, to the
knowledge of Company, any other party or obligor with respect thereto) has
occurred, or, assuming the receipt of the Third Party Consents, as a result of
its performance of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement will occur. To the
extent that Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been, since June 30, 1998, in
material breach of or default in performance of its obligations under any
Company Contract, such breach or default, together with all such other breaches
or defaults, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Company. To the knowledge of Company, each Company Contract is in full force
and effect.

          3.15  AGREEMENTS WITH REGULATORY AGENCIES. Neither Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is subject to any cease-and-desist or other order issued by, or
is a party to any written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of
understanding with, or is a party to any commitment letter or similar
undertaking to, or is subject to any order or directive issued by, or is a
recipient of any supervisory letter from or has adopted any board resolutions at
the request of, any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity that
restricts the conduct of its business or that in any manner relates to its
capital adequacy, its credit policies, its management or its business (each,
whether or not set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, a "COMPANY
REGULATORY AGREEMENT"), nor has Company or any of its Subsidiaries been advised
since January 1, 1998 by any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity that
it is considering issuing or requesting any such Company Regulatory Agreement.

          3.16  INVESTMENT SECURITIES. Each of Company and its Subsidiaries has
good and marketable title to all investment securities held by it, free and
clear of any Lien, except to the extent such securities are pledged in the
ordinary course of business consistent with prudent business practices to secure
obligations of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Such investment securities
are valued on the books of Company in accordance with GAAP.

          3.17  INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT INSTRUMENTS. Section 3.17 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the notional amount and the fair value of
each interest rate swap, cap, floor and option agreement and other interest rate
risk management arrangement, each foreign currency rate derivative and each fuel
cost derivative entered into for the account of Company and one of its
Subsidiaries, and such instruments, whether entered into for the account of
Company or one of its Subsidiaries, were entered into in the ordinary course of
business and, to Company's knowledge, in accordance, in all material respects,
with prudent business practice and applicable rules, regulations and policies of
any Regulatory Authority and with counterparties reasonably believed by Company
to be financially responsible at the time and are legal, valid and binding
obligations of Company or one of its Subsidiaries and to the best knowledge of
Company of the other parties thereto enforceable in accordance with their terms
(except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization
or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the availability
of equitable remedies), and to the best knowledge of Company are in full force
and effect. Company and each of its Subsidiaries have duly performed in all
material respects all of their material obligations thereunder to the extent
that such obligations to perform have accrued, and, to Company's knowledge,
there are no material breaches, violations or defaults or allegations or
assertions of such by any party thereunder.

          3.18  UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.  Except for (i) those liabilities that
are fully reflected or reserved for in the consolidated balance sheet of Company
(including the footnotes thereto) included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended June 30, 2001 or specifically disclosed in the September 10-Q, in
each case as filed with the SEC, (ii) liabilities disclosed in Section 3.18 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule and (iii) liabilities in the aggregate not in
excess of $100,000 incurred since June 30, 2001 in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, at June 30, 2001, neither Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries had, and since such date none of them has, incurred any
liabilities or obligations of any nature whatsoever (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or otherwise and whether or not required to be reflected in Company's
financial statements in accordance with GAAP).

          3.19  ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY. Except as set forth in Section 3.19 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no judicial, legal, administrative,
arbitral or other proceedings including any notice of violation or alleged
violation, claims, actions, causes of action, private environmental
investigations or remediation activities or governmental investigations of any
nature seeking to impose, or that could reasonably result in the imposition, on
Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any liability or obligation arising under
common law or under any law, rule, order, guideline, code, decree, statute,
regulation or ordinance or other legally enforceable requirement of any foreign
government, the United States, or any state, local, municipal or other
government authority relating to the protection of the environment or human
health or to occupational health or safety including, without limitation, the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as
amended ("ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS"), pending or threatened against Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, which liability or obligation could reasonably be expected to
result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect on
Company. To the knowledge of Company, there is no reasonable basis for any such
proceeding, claim, action or governmental investigation, nor is Company or any
of its Subsidiaries the recipient of any request for information or, to the best
knowledge of Company, the subject of any investigation in connection with any
such proceeding or potential proceeding. Except as disclosed in Section 3.19 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule and except as could not reasonably be expected
to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect on
Company, Company and each of its Subsidiaries is, and has been, in compliance
with all applicable Environmental Laws during all applicable statute of
limitations periods. Except as disclosed in Section 3.19 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and except as could not reasonably be expected to result,
individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect on Company,
wastes or other materials regulated under, or that could result in liability
under, Environmental Laws, including without limitation petroleum and petroleum
products, asbestos, and polychlorinated biphenyls, have not been generated,
transported, treated, stored, disposed of, arranged to be disposed of, released
or threatened to be released at, on, from or under any of the properties or
facilities currently or formerly owned, leased or otherwise used by Company in
violation of, or in a manner or to a location that could reasonably be expected
to give rise to liability to Company under or relating to, any Environmental
Laws. To the best knowledge of Company, each of the foregoing representations
and warranties is also true with respect to any entity for which Company or any
of its Subsidiaries may be liable, by contract or by operation of law.

          3.20 INFORMATION SUPPLIED. The Proxy Statement to be sent to the
stockholders of Company in connection with the Company Stockholders Meeting,
will not, at the date it is first mailed to Company's stockholders or at the
time of the Company Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that no
representation is made by Company with respect to statements made or
incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by Parent or Sub
in writing for inclusion in such document. The Proxy Statement will comply as to
form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. Company
shall promptly inform Parent of the discovery of any information which should be
set forth in a supplement to the Proxy Statement.

          3.21 INSURANCE. Company and its Subsidiaries maintain insurance
policies and performance bonds on their respective properties and assets, and
with respect to their employees and operations, with reputable insurance
carriers, and such insurance policies are identified in Schedule 3.21 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule and provide standard coverage for all normal risks
incident to the business of Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective
properties and assets and are in character and amount similar to that carried by
persons engaged in similar businesses and subject to the same or similar perils
or hazards, except for any such failures to maintain insurance policies that,
individually or in the aggregate, are not reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Company. Company and its Subsidiaries are not in material
default under any of their insurance policies and have paid all premiums owed
thereunder, and no material claims for coverage thereunder have been denied.

          3.22 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Company and its Subsidiaries own or have a
valid license to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights,
patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property (collectively,
"INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY") that are material to the conduct of their business. All
applications, registrations and patents for such Intellectual Property owned by
Company are identified in Section 3.22 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.
Except as set forth in Section 3.22 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is bound by or subject to any license or
other agreement with respect to any such Intellectual Property (including,
without limitation, the rights to the name "Emons" and any variations thereof)
that are material to the conduct of their business. Neither Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received any notice or other communication alleging that
its usage of such Intellectual Property violates the intellectual property
rights of any other person.

          3.23 RIGHTS AGREEMENT. The Board of Directors of Company has approved
an amendment to the Rights Agreement, dated as of April 23, 1999 (the "COMPANY
RIGHTS AGREEMENT"), between Company and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
as Rights Agent, to the effect that neither Parent, Sub nor any of their
affiliates shall be deemed an "Acquiring Person", that no "Share Acquisition
Date" or "Distribution Date" (as such terms are defined in the Company Rights
Agreement) shall be deemed to occur pursuant to the Company Rights Agreement by
reason of, and the Company Rights Agreement shall not be applicable to, the
approval, execution or delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and will cause the trustee under the Company
Rights Agreement to execute such amendment as of the date hereof.

          3.24 STATE ANTI-TAKEOVER STATUTES. (a) The Company Board
Recommendation is sufficient to render inapplicable to this Agreement, the
Merger and the Support Agreement and the other transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby the restrictions of Section 203 of the DGCL. No other state takeover
statute or similar statute or regulation applies or purports to apply to this
Agreement, the Support Agreement or the other transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby. No provision of Company's certificate of incorporation, bylaws or
other governing instruments of Company or any of its Subsidiaries would restrict
or impair the ability of Parent to vote, or otherwise exercise the rights of a
stockholder with respect to, shares of capital stock of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

          (b) The Company Stockholder Approval is the only vote of the holders
of any class or series of Company securities necessary to adopt this Agreement.

No vote of the holders of any class or series of securities of Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is required to approve the Support Agreement.

          3.25  PROPERTIES.  Except as set forth in Section 3.25 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule:

          (a) (i) each of Company and its Subsidiaries has good, valid and
marketable title to all material real property owned by Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (collectively, the "OWNED REAL PROPERTY") free of all Liens, in
each case except, individually or in the aggregate, as could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company and (ii) there are no
outstanding contracts for the sale of any Owned Real Property, except those
contracts relating to property the value in respect of which does not exceed
$500,000 individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate.

          (b) Pursuant to the leases and subleases (the "REAL PROPERTY LEASES")
of Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to all material real property which
is leased or subleased by Company or its Subsidiaries (the "LEASED REAL
PROPERTY"), Company and its Subsidiaries hold good and valid leasehold title to
the Leased Real Property, in each case in accordance with the provisions of the
applicable Real Property Lease and free of all Liens, in each case except,
individually or in the aggregate, as could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Company. Each of the Real Property Leases is
enforceable against Company or its Subsidiary, as the case may be, and, to the
knowledge of Company, against the other party thereto, in accordance with its
terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting
creditors' rights generally, and general equitable principles (whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and except for such failures to
be enforceable as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

          3.26  RELATIONS WITH PRINCIPAL CUSTOMERS. (a) Section 3.26 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule lists, by dollar volume paid for the year ended June
30, 2001, the top fifteen customers of Company. The relationships of Company
with such customers are good commercial working relationships and, except as set
forth in Section 3.26 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or specifically
disclosed in the September 10-Q, (i) no such customer since June 30, 2001 has
threatened in writing to cancel or otherwise terminate, or to the knowledge of
Company intends to cancel or otherwise terminate, the relationship of such
customer with Company, (ii) no such customer has since June 30, 2001, decreased
materially or threatened in writing to decrease or limit materially, or to the
knowledge of Company intends to modify materially its relationship with Company
or intends to decrease or limit materially its usage or purchase of the services
of Company, and (iii) to the knowledge of Company, the Merger will not affect
the relationship of Company with any customer listed in Section 3.26 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule.

          (b)  Except as set forth in Section 3.26 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or specifically disclosed in the September 10-Q, since June 30, 2001,
no customer listed on such section of the Company Disclosure Schedule has
canceled any contract for services to be provided by Company, and no such
customer has indicated that a material change in its requirements will occur.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
                                OF PARENT AND SUB

          Parent and Sub hereby represent and warrant to Company as follows:

          4.1  CORPORATE ORGANIZATION.  Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware.

          4.2  AUTHORITY; NO VIOLATION. (a) Each of Parent and Sub has full
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Parent and Sub and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the Board of
Directors of each of Parent and Sub and by Parent in its capacity as sole
stockholder of Sub. No other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Sub
and no other votes or consents of any holders of Parent securities are necessary
on the part of Parent or Sub to approve this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by each of Parent and Sub and (assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery by Company) constitutes valid and binding
obligations of Parent and Sub, enforceable against each of them in accordance
with their respective terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws
relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, and general equitable
principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

          (b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent or
Sub nor the consummation by Parent or Sub of the transactions contemplated
hereby, nor compliance by Parent or Sub with any of the terms or provisions
hereof, will (i) violate any provision of the certificate of incorporation or
bylaws of Parent or Sub, as applicable, or (ii) assuming that the consents and
approvals referred to in Section 4.3 are duly obtained, violate any statute,
code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction
applicable to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties or assets, or violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any
provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event
which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under,
result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under,
accelerate the performance required by or rights or obligations under, or result
in the creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, permit,
concession, franchise, license, lease, agreement, contract, or other instrument
or obligation to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which
they or any of their respective properties, assets or business activities may be
bound or affected, except (in the case of clause (ii) above) for such
violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults which, either individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse
effect on the ability of Parent or Sub to perform its obligations under and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on a timely basis.

          4.3  CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. Except for (i) the Regulatory Approvals,
(ii) the filing with the SEC of the Schedule 14A containing the Proxy Statement
(iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL, (iv) the expiration of any applicable
waiting period under the HSR Act, (v) the Company Stockholder Approval, (vi) the
filing with the SEC of such reports under the Exchange Act as may be required in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, (vii) the approval of Parent's lenders
referred to in the Financing Letter and (viii) such other consents, approvals
and registrations the failure to obtain which could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
ability of Parent or Sub to perform its obligations under and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement on a timely basis, no consents or
approvals of or filings or registrations with any Regulatory Agency,
Governmental Entity, or of or with any third party, are necessary in connection
with the execution and delivery by Parent and Sub of this Agreement and the
consummation by Parent or Sub of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Parent has no reason to believe that any Requisite Approvals will not
be obtained on a timely basis.

          4.4  BROKER'S FEES. No broker, finder or investment banker (other than
the Company Financial Advisor) is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or other
fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

          4.5 INFORMATION SUPPLIED. The information supplied by Parent or Sub in
writing for inclusion in the Proxy Statement to be sent to the stockholders of
Company in connection with the Company Stockholders Meeting, will not, at the
date it is first mailed to Company's stockholders or at the time of the Company
Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading.

          4.6  FINANCIAL CAPABILITY. Parent has delivered to Company a copy of a
letter addressed to Parent from Fleet National Bank, administrative agent and
syndication agent pursuant to Parent's revolving credit facility, indicating the
availability pursuant to Parent's revolving credit facility of financing in
connection with the Merger (the "FINANCING LETTER"). The financing contemplated
by the Financing Letter is sufficient to consummate the Merger in accordance
with the terms hereof. Parent knows of no circumstances or condition that will
prevent the availability at the Closing of the requisite financing to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the terms set forth herein,
as provided in the Financing Letter.

                                   ARTICLE V

                    COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

          5.1 CONDUCT OF COMPANY BUSINESSES PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME.  During
the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, except as
expressly required or permitted by this Agreement, Company shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) conduct its business in the usual,

regular and ordinary course consistent with past practice and in compliance in
all material respects with applicable laws, (b) use reasonable best efforts to
maintain and preserve intact its business organization, assets, employees and
business relationships and retain the services of its key officers and key
employees and (c) take no action which would materially adversely affect or
delay in any respect the ability of either Parent or Company to obtain any
necessary approvals of any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity or any
Third Party Consent required for the transactions contemplated hereby or to
perform its covenants and agreements under this Agreement.

          5.2  FORBEARANCES OF COMPANY. During the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, except as set forth in Section 5.2 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule and except as expressly required or permitted by
this Agreement, Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, without the prior written consent of Parent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld:

          (a) (i) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than (A)
     short-term indebtedness incurred to refinance existing short-term
     indebtedness and (B) indebtedness of Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     owed to Company or any of its other wholly owned Subsidiaries), assume,
     guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for
     the obligations of any other individual, corporation or other entity, or
     make any loan, advance or capital contribution (other than to Company or
     any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) or (ii) make or commit to make any
     capital expenditures (net of governmental grants received) in excess of
     $100,000 for any single or related group of capital expenditures, or
     $500,000 in the aggregate for all capital expenditures;

          (b) (i) adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock;
     (ii) make, declare, set aside or pay any dividend (except for dividends
     paid in the ordinary course of business by any wholly owned Subsidiaries of
     Company to Company or to any other of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) or
     make any other distribution on, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase
     or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or any securities or
     obligations convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of its capital
     stock; (iii) grant any individual, corporation or other entity any right to
     acquire any shares of its capital stock or any stock appreciation or
     similar rights except as permitted by Section 5.2(i); (iv) issue or
     authorize the issuance of, deliver, sell, transfer, pledge or otherwise
     encumber any additional shares of capital stock or any securities or
     obligations convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of its capital
     stock, other than the issuance of Company Common Stock pursuant to the
     exercise of stock options or warrants disclosed in Section 3.2 of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule as being outstanding on the date of this
     Agreement and granted pursuant to the Company Stock Plans; or (v) enter
     into any agreement, understanding or arrangement with respect to the sale
     or voting of its capital stock;

          (c) sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of
     its properties or assets, including, without limitation, capital stock in
     any Company Subsidiary, to any individual, corporation or other entity
     other than a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary, or cancel, release
     or assign any indebtedness to any such person or any claims held by any

     such person, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice;

          (d) make any material investment, either by purchase of stock or
     securities, contributions to capital, property transfers, or purchase of
     any property or assets of any other individual, corporation, limited
     partnership or other entity, other than an investment in a wholly owned
     Subsidiary of Company;

          (e) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or
     by purchasing a substantial portion of the stock or assets of, or by any
     other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, joint venture,
     association or other business organization or division thereof;

          (f) acquire or agree to acquire voting or non-voting equity securities
     or similar ownership interests in any person (other than a Subsidiary);

          (g) commence, undertake or engage in any new line of business;

          (h) enter into or terminate any material lease, contract or agreement,
     or make any change in any of its existing material leases, contracts or
     agreements; enter into any contract, arrangement, commitment or
     understanding of the types described in clause (iii), (v) or (vi) of
     Section 3.14; or enter into any contract, agreement, arrangement or
     understanding involving payments or receipts by Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries in excess of $100,000 over the term thereof;

          (i) (i) increase or accelerate the compensation or benefits of any
     present or former director, officer, consultant, independent contractor or
     employee of Company or its Subsidiaries (except for increases in salary or
     wages in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice),
     (ii) grant any severance or termination pay to any present or former
     director, officer, consultant, independent contractor or employee of
     Company or its Subsidiaries , (iii) loan or advance any money or other
     property to any present or former director, officer, consultant,
     independent contractor or employee of Company or its Subsidiaries, (iv)
     establish, adopt, enter into, amend or terminate any Employee Plan or any
     plan, agreement, program, policy, trust, fund or other arrangement that
     would be an Employee Plan if it were in existence as of the date of this
     Agreement or (v) amend any term of a Company Option.

          (j) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations
     (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise),
     except for the payment, discharge or satisfaction of current liabilities or
     obligations, in accordance with their terms, in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice or payments, discharges or
     satisfaction of liabilities where the amount paid does not exceed $25,000
     for any single matter or related group of matters, or waive, release,
     grant, or transfer any rights of value or modify or change any existing
     license, lease, contract or other document in any manner that would be
     materially adverse to Company and its Subsidiaries;

          (k) settle or compromise any litigation (whether or not commenced
     prior to the date of this Agreement), other than settlements or compromises
     of litigation where the amount paid does not exceed $25,000 for any single
     litigation matter or related group of litigation matters (provided such
     settlement or compromise agreements do not involve any non-monetary
     obligations on the part of Company or any of its Subsidiaries);

          (l) change any accounting principle used by it, except for such
     changes as may be required to be implemented following the date of this
     Agreement pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles or rules and
     regulations of the SEC promulgated following the date hereof, as concurred
     in by Company's independent auditors;

          (m) make or change any Tax election, change any annual Tax accounting
     period, change any method of Tax accounting, file any amended Tax Return,
     enter into any closing agreement relating to any Tax, settle any Tax claim
     or assessment, surrender any right to claim a Tax refund or consent to any
     extension or waiver of the limitations period applicable to any Tax claim
     or assessment;

          (n) adopt or implement any amendment to its certificate of
     incorporation or bylaws or other comparable organizational documents, or
     enter into any plan of consolidation, merger or reorganization with any
     person other than a wholly owned Subsidiary of Company;

          (o) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions
     providing for or authorizing such a liquidation or a dissolution,
     restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization;

          (p) take any action that is intended or may reasonably be expected to
     result in any of its representations and warranties set forth in this
     Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect, or in any of
     the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII not being satisfied
     or in a violation of any provision of this Agreement, except, in each case,
     as may be required by applicable law; or

          (q) agree to, or make any commitment to, take, or authorize, any of
     the actions prohibited by this Section 5.2.

          5.3 TRANSITION. Company shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to make
available to Parent at the facilities of Company and its Subsidiaries, where
determined by Parent to be appropriate and necessary, office space in order to
assist it in observing all operations and reviewing all matters concerning
Company's affairs. Without in any way limiting the provisions of Section 6.3,
Parent, its Subsidiaries, officers, employees, counsel, financial advisors and
other representatives shall, upon reasonable notice to Company, be entitled to
review the operations and visit the facilities of Company and its Subsidiaries
at all times as may be deemed reasonably necessary by Parent in order to
accomplish the foregoing arrangements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
contained in this Agreement shall give Parent, directly or indirectly, the right
to control or direct Company's operations prior to the Effective Time. Prior to
the Effective Time, each of Company and Parent shall exercise, consistent with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision
over its and its Subsidiaries' respective operations. In the exercise of its

rights pursuant to this Section 5.3, Parent shall not disrupt the operations of
Company and shall not be entitled to direct the activities of Company or any of
its employees.

          5.4  NOTIFICATION OF TAX PROCEEDINGS. From the date of this Agreement
to the Effective Time, to the extent Company or any Subsidiary becomes aware of
the commencement or scheduling of any Tax audit, the assessment of any material
Tax, the issuance of any notice of material Tax due or any bill for collection
of any material Tax due or any material lien for Taxes, or the commencement or
scheduling of any other administrative or judicial proceeding with respect to
the determination, assessment, or collection of any material Tax on Company or
any Subsidiary, Company shall provide prompt notice to Parent of such matter
setting forth information (to the extent known) describing any asserted Tax
liability in reasonable detail and including copies of any notice or other
documentation received from the applicable Tax Authority with respect of the
matter.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                              ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

          6.1  COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS MEETING; PREPARATION OF PROXY STATEMENT.
Company shall cause a meeting of its stockholders (the "COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS
MEETING") to be duly called and held as soon as practicable after the date
hereof for the purpose of approving the adoption of this Agreement. As promptly
as practicable following the date hereof, Parent and Company shall prepare and
file with the SEC preliminary proxy materials, which shall include a proxy
statement (such proxy statement, and any amendments thereto, the "PROXY
STATEMENT"). The Proxy Statement shall comply as to form in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations of the SEC thereunder. Company shall, as promptly as practicable
after receipt thereof, provide copies of any written comments received from the
SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement to the other party and advise the other
party of any oral comments with respect to the Proxy Statement received from the
SEC. Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement
to be mailed to Company's stockholders as promptly as practicable after Company
is permitted to do so under the Exchange Act. Company will inform the Parent,
promptly after it receives notice thereof, of any request by the SEC for an
amendment to the Proxy Statement or requests for additional information. No
amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement shall be filed without the
approval of Parent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. The Board of Directors of Company shall (i) include in the Proxy
Statement (x) the Company Board Recommendation unless, after consultation with
Company's outside counsel, the Board of Directors of Company determines in good

faith that the inclusion of such recommendation would constitute a breach by the
Board of Directors of Company of its fiduciary duties under applicable law and
(y) the opinion of the Company Financial Advisor referred to in Section 3.6(b)
and (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the necessary vote in favor
of the adoption of this Agreement by its stockholders. The Board of Directors of
Company shall not withdraw, amend, modify or materially qualify in a manner
adverse to Parent the Company Board Recommendation (or announce publicly its
intention to do so) unless, after consultation with Company's outside counsel,
the Board of Directors of Company determines in good faith that failure to do so
would constitute a breach by Board of Directors of Company of its fiduciary
duties under applicable law. Subject to its right to terminate this Agreement in
accordance with the terms herein, Company shall be required to satisfy all its
other obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, its
obligations under this Section 6.1, whether or not the Board of Directors of
Company shall have withdrawn, amended, modified or qualified in a manner adverse
to Parent the Company Board Recommendation or announced publicly its intention
to do so.

          6.2 REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS. (a) Each of Parent and Company shall, and
shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, use their reasonable best efforts
(i) to take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper or advisable to
comply promptly with all legal requirements which may be imposed on such party
or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Merger and, subject to the
conditions set forth in Article VII hereof, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) to obtain (and to cooperate with the
other party to obtain) any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any
exemption by, any Governmental Entity, Regulatory Agency and any other third
party which is required to be obtained by such party or any of its Subsidiaries
in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

          (b) The parties hereto shall cooperate with each other (except with
respect to the Surface Transportation Board, which is governed by Section
6.2(c)) and use their reasonable best efforts to promptly prepare and file all
necessary documentation, to effect all applications, notices, petitions and
filings, to identify and obtain as promptly as practicable all permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all Governmental Entities and any
other third parties which are necessary or advisable to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, the
Merger), and to comply fully with the terms and conditions of all such permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all such Governmental Entities. Parent
and Company shall have the right to review in advance, and, to the extent
practicable, each will consult with the other on, in each case subject to
applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, all the information
relating to Company or Parent, as the case may be, and any of their respective
Subsidiaries, which appear in any filing made with, or written materials
submitted to, any Governmental Entity or any other third party in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In exercising the
foregoing right, each of the parties hereto shall act reasonably and as promptly
as practicable. The parties hereto agree that they will consult with each other
with respect to the obtaining of all permits, consents, approvals and
authorizations of all Governmental Entities, Regulatory Agencies and other third
parties necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and each party will keep the other apprised of the status of
matters relating to completion of the transactions contemplated hereby.

          (c) Parent, on the one hand, and Company, on the other, shall, and
each shall cause its Subsidiaries to, subject to the following sentences, (i)
cooperate with one another to prepare and present to the Surface Transportation
Board and Canadian Transportation Administration, as soon as practicable, all
filings and other presentations in connection with seeking any Surface
Transportation Board and Canadian Transportation Administration approval,
exemption or other authorization necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Support Agreement, (ii) prosecute such
filings and other presentations as reasonably and promptly as practicable and

keep the other party apprised of the status of matters relating to the Surface
Transportation Board and Canadian Transportation Administration, (iii)
diligently oppose any objections to, appeals from or petitions to reconsider or
reopen any further action as in the reasonable judgment of Parent and Company
may facilitate obtaining final orders of the Surface Transportation Board and
Canadian Transportation Administration exempting or approving such transactions
consistent with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein. Subject
to consultations with Company and, after giving good faith consideration to the
views of Company, Parent shall have final authority over the development,
presentation and conduct of the Surface Transportation Board and Canadian
Transportation Administration cases, including over decisions as to whether to
agree to or acquiesce in conditions. Company shall take no regulatory or legal
action in connection with the Surface Transportation Board or Canadian
Transportation Administration without Parent's consent.

          (d) Parent and Company shall, upon request, furnish each other with
all information concerning themselves, their Subsidiaries, directors, officers
and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or
advisable in connection with the Proxy Statement or any other statement, filing,
notice or application made by or on behalf of Parent, Company or any of their
respective Subsidiaries to any Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          6.3 ACCESS TO INFORMATION. (a) Upon reasonable notice and subject to
applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, Company shall, and
shall cause its Subsidiaries to, afford to the officers, employees, accountants,
counsel and other representatives of Parent, complete access, during normal
business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time, to all its
personnel, properties, books, contracts, commitments and records and, during
such period, Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, make available
to Parent and such other parties (i) a copy of each report, schedule,
registration statement and other document filed or received by it during such
period pursuant to the requirements of federal securities laws or other federal
or state laws (other than reports or documents which Company is not permitted to
disclose under applicable law) and (ii) all other information concerning its
business, properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably request, in all
cases so that Parent may have full opportunity to make such investigations as it
desires of the affairs and assets of Company. Neither Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or to disclose information
where such access or disclosure would violate or prejudice the rights of its
customers or contravene any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree, or
binding agreement entered into prior to the date of this Agreement. The parties
hereto will make appropriate substitute disclosure arrangements under
circumstances in which the restrictions of the preceding sentence apply.

          (b) Parent shall hold all information furnished by or on behalf of
Company or any of Company's Subsidiaries or representatives pursuant to Section
6.3(a) in confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the
provisions of the confidentiality agreement, dated October 18, 2001 between
Parent and Company (the "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT").

          (c) No investigation by Parent or its representatives shall affect the
representations and warranties of Company set forth herein.

          6.4  INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' INSURANCE. (a) The
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall
contain, to the extent permitted by law, the provisions with respect to
indemnification set forth in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of
Company on the date hereof, which provisions shall not be amended, repealed or
otherwise modified for a period of six years after the Effective Time in any
manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of the persons who at
any time prior to the Effective Time were entitled to such indemnification under
the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Company in respect of actions or
omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including, without
limitation, the transactions contemplated hereby), unless such modification is
required by law; PROVIDED, that the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of
the Surviving Corporation shall not be required to contain such provisions if
Parent otherwise provides the same level of indemnification for such individuals
as contained in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation.

          (b) The Surviving  Corporation and Parent shall indemnify,  defend and
hold harmless the present and former officers and directors of Company or any of
Company's Subsidiaries in their capacities as such (each an "INDEMNIFIED PARTY")
after the  Effective  Time  against all  losses,  expenses,  claims,  damages or
liabilities  arising out of actions or  omissions  occurring  on or prior to the
Effective  Time  to  the  fullest  extent  now  provided  in  their   respective
certificate of incorporation  or bylaws,  and as permitted by applicable law. In
the event of any claim,  action,  suit,  proceeding or  investigation  for which
indemnification  is provided pursuant to the immediately  preceding sentence (an
"ACTION"),  (i) Parent shall or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to pay, as
incurred,  the fees and expenses of counsel  selected by the Indemnified  Party,
which counsel shall be reasonably  acceptable to Parent, in advance of the final
disposition  of any such Action to the fullest  extent  permitted by  applicable
law, and, if required,  upon receipt of any  undertaking  required by applicable
law,  and (ii)  Parent  will,  and will  cause  the  Surviving  Corporation  to,
cooperate in the defense of any such matter;  PROVIDED  that neither  Parent nor
the Surviving  Corporation  shall be liable for any settlement  effected without
its  written  consent  (which  consent  shall not be  unreasonably  withheld  or
delayed), and PROVIDED FURTHER that neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation
shall  be  obligated   pursuant  to  this  Section  6.4  to  pay  the  fees  and
disbursements of more than one counsel for all Indemnified Parties in any single
Action,  unless,  in the good faith judgment of any of the Indemnified  Parties,
there  is or may  be a  conflict  of  interests  between  two or  more  of  such
Indemnified  Parties,  in which  case  there may be  separate  counsel  for each
similarly situated group.

          (c) Parent shall use its reasonable  best efforts to cause the persons
serving as officers and directors of Company  immediately prior to the Effective
Time to be  covered  for a period of six years  from the  Effective  Time by the
directors'  and  officers'  liability  insurance  policy  maintained  by Company
(provided  that  Parent may  substitute  therefor  policies of at least the same
coverage  and  amounts  containing  terms  and  conditions  which  are not  less
advantageous than such policy) with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior
to the  Effective  Time which were  committed by such  officers and directors in
their  capacity as such;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that in no event shall  Parent be
required to expend in any year more than 200% of the amount  expended by Company
for such coverage in fiscal 2001 (the "INSURANCE AMOUNT") to maintain or procure
insurance  coverage  pursuant  hereto and  further  PROVIDED,  that if Parent is
unable to maintain or obtain the  insurance  called for by this Section  6.4(c),
Parent  shall use its  reasonable  best  efforts  to  obtain as much  comparable
insurance as available for the Insurance Amount.

          (d) In the event Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their
respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially
all of its properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, to
the extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, assume the
obligations set forth in this section.

          (e) The provisions of this Section 6.4 are intended to be for the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and his or her
heirs and representatives.

          6.5  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.  In case at any time either prior to or
after the Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to carry
out the purposes of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any other
merger between a Subsidiary of Company and a Subsidiary of Parent) or to vest
the Surviving Corporation with full title to all properties, assets, rights,
approvals, immunities and franchises of any of the parties to the Merger, the
proper officers and directors of each party to this Agreement and their
respective Subsidiaries shall take all such necessary action as may be
reasonably requested by Parent.

          6.6  ADVICE OF CHANGES. Company shall promptly advise Parent of any
change that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on it
and Company and Parent shall promptly advise the other party of any change or
event that could reasonably be expected to delay or impede the ability of
Parent, Sub or Company, respectively, to perform their respective obligations
pursuant to this Agreement and to effect the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or that it believes would or would be reasonably likely to
cause or constitute a material breach of any of its representations, warranties
or covenants contained herein; provided, however, that the delivery of any
notice pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall not limit or otherwise affect the
remedies available hereunder to any party receiving such notice.

          6.7  NO SOLICITATION. (a) From and after the date hereof until
termination of this Agreement, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
(whether directly or indirectly through advisors, agents or other
intermediaries), nor shall Company or any of its Subsidiaries authorize or
permit any of its or their officers, directors, agents, representatives or
advisors to, (i) solicit, initiate, encourage (including by way of furnishing
information) or take any action knowingly to facilitate the submission of any
inquiries, proposals or offers (whether or not in writing) from any person other
than Parent relating to, (A) any acquisition or purchase of 15% or more of the
consolidated assets of Company and its Subsidiaries (including through the
formation of a joint venture) or of any equity securities of Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, (B) any tender offer or exchange offer (including a
self-tender offer) for any class of equity securities of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, (C) any merger, consolidation, business combination,
reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (D) any other
transaction the consummation of which would or could reasonably be expected to
impede, interfere with, prevent or materially delay the Merger (any of the
foregoing, a "TRANSACTION PROPOSAL"), or agree to, approve or endorse any
Transaction Proposal, or (ii) enter into or participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding any of the foregoing, or otherwise cooperate in any way
with, or knowingly assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage, any effort

or attempt by any other person to do or seek any of the foregoing; PROVIDED,
that Company may, in response and with respect to a bona fide unsolicited
written proposal from a third party submitted after the date of this Agreement
which constitutes a Superior Proposal (as defined below), engage in the
activities specified in clause (ii), if (X) based on the advice of Company's
outside counsel, the Board of Directors of Company determines in good faith that
failure to take such action in response to such a proposal would constitute a
breach by the Board of Directors of Company of its fiduciary duties under
applicable law, (Y) Company has received from such third party an executed
confidentiality agreement with terms not materially less favorable to Company
than those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement and (Z) Company has fully
and completely complied with this Section 6.7. If Company receives a Transaction
Proposal, or a request for nonpublic information relating to Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or for access to the properties, books or records of Company or
any of its Subsidiaries by any Person who is considering making or has made a
Transaction Proposal, it shall immediately inform Parent orally and shall as
promptly as practicable (and in any event within one day) inform Parent in
writing of the terms and conditions of such proposal and the identity of the
person making it, forwarding a copy of any written communications relating
thereto. Company will keep Parent fully informed on as prompt a basis as is
practicable of the status and details of any such Transaction Proposal or
request and any related discussions or negotiations, including by forwarding
copies of any material written communications relating thereto. Company will
immediately cease and cause its Subsidiaries, and its and their officers,
directors, agents, representatives and advisors, to cease any and all existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any of the foregoing, and shall use its reasonable best efforts
to cause any such parties in possession of confidential information about
Company or its Subsidiaries that was furnished by or on behalf of Company or its
Subsidiaries in connection with any of the foregoing to return or destroy all
such information in the possession of any such party or in the possession of any
agent or advisor of any such party. Company agrees not to release any third
party from, or waive any provisions of, any confidentiality or standstill
agreement to which it or its Subsidiaries is a party. Company shall ensure that
the officers, directors and employees of Company and its Subsidiaries and any
investment banker or other advisor or representative retained by such party are
aware of and instructed to comply with the restrictions described in this
Section 6.7. Nothing in this Section 6.7 shall prohibit Company or its Board of
Directors from taking and disclosing to Company's stockholders a position with
respect to a Transaction Proposal by a third party to the extent required under
the Exchange Act, including Rules 14e-2 and 14d-9 thereunder, or from making
such disclosure to Company's stockholders which, after consultation with
Company's outside counsel, the Board of Directors of Company determines in good
faith is required under applicable law; provided, that nothing in this sentence
shall affect the obligations of Company and its Board of Directors under any
other provision of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a "SUPERIOR
PROPOSAL" means a bona fide written Transaction Proposal for at least a majority
of the outstanding fully diluted shares of Company Common Stock or for all or
substantially all of the consolidated assets of Company made by a Third Party
after the date hereof for which all necessary financing is committed and which,
if accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated and taking into account all
legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the proposal and the person making
such proposal, including the relative expected consummation date, is financially
superior to the holders of Company Common Stock as compared to the Merger.

          (b) Company shall not amend, modify or waive any provision of the
Company Rights Agreement, and shall not take any action to redeem the Company
Rights or render the Company Rights inapplicable to any transaction other than
the transactions to be effected pursuant to this Agreement, which is reasonably
likely to reduce the likelihood of or delay the consummation of the Merger, or
result in any increase in the costs or decrease in the benefits to Parent of the
Merger, or affect the capitalization of Parent or any of its affiliates after
the Merger.

          6.8  PUBLICITY. Company, on the one hand, and Parent and Sub, on the
other hand, will consult with each other before holding any press conferences,
analyst calls or other meetings or discussions and before issuing any press
releases or other public announcements or statements regarding the transactions
contemplated hereby or by the Support Agreement. The parties will provide each
other the opportunity to review and comment upon any press release or other
public announcement or statement with respect to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or the Support Agreement, including the Merger, and shall not
issue any such press release or other public announcement or statement prior to
such consultation, except as may be required by applicable law, court process or
by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange. The parties agree that the initial press release or releases to be
issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be
mutually agreed upon prior to the issuance thereof. In addition, Company shall,
and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (a) consult with Parent regarding
communications with stockholders and employees relating to the transactions
contemplated hereby, (b) if Parent so requests, provide Parent with stockholder
lists of Company and (c) allow and facilitate Parent contact with stockholders
of Company.

          6.9  STOCKHOLDER LITIGATION. The parties to this Agreement shall
cooperate and consult with one another, to the fullest extent possible, in
connection with any stockholder litigation against any of them or any of their
respective directors or officers with respect to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or the Support Agreement. In furtherance of and without in any
way limiting the foregoing, each of the parties shall use its respective
reasonable best efforts to prevail in such litigation so as to permit the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the manner
contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company agrees
that it will not compromise or settle any litigation commenced against it or its
directors or officers relating to this Agreement or the Support Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including the Merger) without
Parent's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

          6.10  ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS. (a) Each party will take all steps
necessary to exempt (or continue the exemption of) the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and by the Support Agreement from, and
challenge the validity of, any applicable state takeover law (including Section
203 of the DGCL), as now or hereafter in effect.

          (b)  The Board of Directors of Company shall take all further action
(in addition to that referred to in Section 3.23), if any, necessary in order to
render the Company Rights inapplicable to the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

          6.11 STOP TRANSFER. Company acknowledges and agrees to be bound by and
comply with the provisions of Section 3.1 of the Support Agreement as if a party
thereto with respect to transfers of record ownership of shares of Company

Common Stock and agrees to notify the transfer agent for any such shares and
provide such documentation and do such other things as may be necessary to
effectuate the provisions of such agreement.

          6.12  ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF PAYMENTS UNDER COMPANY AGREEMENTS.
          Notwithstanding the provisions of the agreements set forth in Section
6.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, Parent agrees to pay or cause to be
paid at the Closing the payments provided for in the specified sections of such
agreements set forth in Section 6.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

          6.13  PARENT OTHER ACTIONS.  During the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, Parent shall not take any action that is
intended or may reasonably be expected to result in any of its representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any
material respect, or in any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article
VII not being satisfied or in a violation of any provision of this Agreement,
except, in each case, as may be required by applicable law or as expressly
required or permitted by this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

          7.1  CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER. The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

          (a)  COMPANY STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The Company Stockholder Approval
     shall have been obtained in accordance with applicable law.

          (b)  OTHER CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. All Requisite Approvals shall have
     been obtained except for such consents and approvals, the failure to obtain
     which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
     to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, Company or the Surviving
     Corporation, and no such consent or approval shall contain any conditions
     or restrictions which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
     Adverse Effect on Parent, Company or the Surviving Corporation.

          (c)  NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS; ILLEGALITY. No order, injunction or
     decree issued by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction or other
     legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger
     shall be in effect. No statute, rule, regulation, order, injunction or
     decree shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any
     Governmental Entity which prohibits, materially restricts or makes illegal
     consummation of the Merger.

          (d) HSR ACT. The applicable waiting period under the HSR Act shall
     have expired or been terminated.

          (e) CERTAIN ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS. There shall not be any action or
     proceeding brought or threatened by any Governmental Entity seeking, or any
     action or proceeding brought by any other person that could reasonably be
     expected to result in, any executive order, decree, ruling or injunction or
     other order of a court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction
     which would have the effect of prohibiting or making illegal any of the
     transactions contemplated hereby.

          7.2  CONDITIONS TO COMPANY'S OBLIGATIONS TO EFFECT THE MERGER. The
obligations of Company to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction at
or prior to the Effective Time of the following additional conditions:

          (a) Each of the representations and warranties of Parent and Sub
     contained in this Agreement shall have been true and correct (in all
     material respects, in the case of representations and warranties not
     already qualified as to materiality by their terms) when made and shall be
     true and correct (in all material respects, in the case of representations
     and warranties not already qualified as to materiality by their terms) at
     and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date (except
     (i) for changes specifically permitted by this Agreement and (ii) that
     those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a
     particular date shall remain true and correct as of such date), and Company
     shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or the
     Chief Operating Officer of Parent to the foregoing effect.

          (b) Parent and Sub shall have performed and complied with in all
     material respects their obligations under this Agreement to be performed or
     complied with on or prior to the Effective Time, and Company shall have
     received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief
     Operating Officer of Parent to the foregoing effect.

          7.3 CONDITIONS TO PARENT'S AND SUB'S OBLIGATIONS TO EFFECT THE MERGER.
The obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following additional
conditions:

          (a) Each of the representations and warranties of Company contained in
     this Agreement shall have been true and correct when made and shall be true
     and correct (in all material respects, in the case of representations and
     warranties not already qualified as to materiality by their terms) at and
     as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date (except (i)
     for changes specifically permitted by this Agreement and (ii) that those
     representations and warranties which address matters only as of a
     particular date shall remain true and correct as of such date), and Parent
     shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer, and Chief
     Financial Officer of Company to the foregoing effect.

          (b) Company shall have performed and complied with in all material
     respects its obligations under this Agreement to be performed or complied

     with on or prior to the Effective Time, and Parent shall have received a
     certificate of the Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of
     Company to the foregoing effect.

          (c) Neither Parent, Sub nor any of their affiliates shall have become
     an "Acquiring Person" and no "Share Acquisition Date" or "Distribution
     Date" (as such terms are defined in the Company Rights Agreement) shall
     have occurred with respect to Parent or Sub pursuant to the Company Rights
     Agreement.

          (d) Parent shall have received the proceeds of financing identified in
     the Financing Letter or upon terms and conditions that are, in the
     reasonable judgment of Parent and Sub, substantially equivalent thereto.

          (e) Company shall have provided to Parent a certificate in form and
     substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent, duly executed and
     acknowledged, certifying that the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement are exempt from withholding under section 1445 of the Code.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                            TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT

          8.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
the Effective Time, whether before or after approval by the stockholders of
Company of the matters presented in connection with the Merger:

          (a) by mutual written consent of Parent and Company;

          (b) by either Parent or the Board of Directors of Company if (i) any
     Governmental Entity or Regulatory Agency of competent jurisdiction which
     must grant a Requisite Approval has denied such approval and such denial
     has become final and nonappealable or any Governmental Entity or Regulatory
     Agency of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order, decree or
     ruling or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or
     otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
     such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and
     nonappealable, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the right to terminate this
     Agreement under this Section 8.1(b)(i) shall not be available to any party
     whose failure to comply with Section 6.2 or any other provision of this
     Agreement has been the cause of such action, (ii) the Company Stockholder
     Approval shall not have been received at the Stockholders Meeting duly
     called and held or (iii) the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or
     before June 1, 2002 (the "TERMINATION DATE"), PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
     right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.1(b)(iii) shall not
     be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligations under
     this Agreement has been the primary cause of the failure of the Effective
     Time to occur on or before the Termination Date until ten business days
     after such failure has been cured.

          (c) by the Board of Directors of Company, if, prior to Effective Time,
     (i) Parent or Sub shall have failed to perform in any material respect any
     of their obligations under this Agreement to be performed at or prior to

     such date of termination, which failure to perform (A) would permit Company
     not to consummate the Merger pursuant to Section 7.2(b) and (B) is not
     cured or is incapable of being cured within 10 days after the receipt by
     Parent of written notice of such failure, (ii) any representation or
     warranty of Parent or Sub contained in this Agreement shall not be true and
     correct (except for changes permitted by this Agreement and those
     representations which address matters only as of a particular date shall
     remain true and correct as of such date), except, in any case, such
     failures to be true and correct which are not reasonably likely to
     materially adversely affect Parent's or Sub's ability to complete the
     Merger, PROVIDED, that such failure to be true and correct (A) would permit
     Company not to consummate the Merger pursuant to Section 7.2(a) and (B) is
     not cured or is incapable of being cured within 10 days after the receipt
     by Parent of written notice of such failure, (iii) prior to the Company
     Stockholder Approval, upon five business days' prior irrevocable written
     notice to Parent, in order to accept an unsolicited Superior Proposal;
     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (unless, after consultation with Company's outside
     counsel, the Board of Directors of Company determines in good faith that it
     is required not to perform the actions set forth in the immediately
     following clauses (X) and (Y) under applicable law) (X) such notice shall
     include a copy of any proposed or definitive documentation relating to such
     Superior Proposal (including all financing documentation), and shall
     otherwise specify all material terms, conditions and other information with
     respect thereto and (Y) prior to any such termination, Company shall, if
     requested by Parent in connection with any revised proposal Parent might
     make, negotiate in good faith for such five business day period with
     Parent, and such third party proposal remains a Superior Proposal after
     taking into account any revised proposal during such five business day
     period; and PROVIDED, FURTHER, that it shall be a condition to termination
     pursuant to this Section 8.1(c)(iii) that Company shall have made the
     payment of the fee to Parent required by Section 8.2(b), or (iv) if the
     conditions to Parent's and Sub's obligations set forth in Sections 7.1 and
     7.3 (other than the condition set forth in Section 7.3(d)) have been
     satisfied and Parent is unable or unwilling to complete the Merger within
     five days following the receipt by Parent of notice from Company that all
     of the conditions to Company's obligations set forth in Sections 7.1 and
     Section 7.2 have been satisfied or waived;

          (d) by Parent, if, prior to Effective Time, (i) Company shall have
     failed to perform in any material respect any of its obligations under this
     Agreement to be performed at or prior to such date of termination, which
     failure to perform (A) would permit the Parent not to consummate the Merger
     pursuant to 7.3(b) and (B) is not cured or is incapable of being cured
     within 10 days after the receipt by Company of written notice of such
     failure, (ii) any representation or warranty of Company contained in this
     Agreement shall not be true and correct (except for changes permitted by
     this Agreement and those representations which address matters only as of a
     particular date shall remain true and correct as of such date), PROVIDED,
     that such failure to be true and correct (A) would permit the Parent not to
     consummate the Merger pursuant to 7.3(a) and (B) is not cured or is
     incapable of being cured within ten days after the receipt by Company of
     written notice of such failure, (iii) the Board of Directors of Company
     withdraws or materially modifies or changes its recommendation of this
     Agreement and/or transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger) in
     a manner adverse to Parent or Sub (or fails to reconfirm such
     recommendation if so requested by Parent within 10 business days following

     such request) or approves, accepts or recommends another Transaction
     Proposal, (iv) Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall have breached
     Section 6.7 in any material respect; or (v) Parent, Sub or any of their
     affiliates shall have become an "Acquiring Person", or a "Share Acquisition
     Date" or "Distribution Date" (as such terms are defined in the Company
     Rights Agreement) shall have occurred with respect to Parent or Sub,
     pursuant to the Company Rights Agreement.

          8.2  EFFECT OF TERMINATION. (a) In the event of termination of this
Agreement by either Parent or Company as provided in Section 8.1, written notice
thereof shall forthwith be given to the other party or parties specifying the
provision hereof pursuant to which such termination is made, and this Agreement
shall forthwith become void and have no effect, and none of Parent, Company, any
of their respective Subsidiaries or any of the officers or directors of any of
them shall have any liability of any nature whatsoever hereunder, or in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, except that (i) Section
6.3(b), this Section 8.2 and Article IX shall survive any termination of this
Agreement, (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, neither Parent nor Company shall be relieved or released from any
liabilities or damages arising out of its breach of any provision of this
Agreement, (iii) Company shall pay to Parent the Termination Fee (as defined
below), if applicable, in accordance with this Section 8.2.

          (b) In the event that this Agreement is terminated (A) by Parent
pursuant to (or at any time that Parent is entitled to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to) clauses (d) (iii), (iv) or (v) of Section 8.1 or (B) by Company
pursuant to Section 8.1(c)(iii), Company shall pay to Parent by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account designated by Parent within two
business days following such termination an amount equal to $1,000,000 (one
million dollars) (the "TERMINATION FEE").

          (c) If a Transaction Proposal is commenced, publicly disclosed,
publicly proposed or otherwise communicated or made known to Company at any time
on or after the date of this Agreement and prior to the termination hereof, and
this Agreement is terminated pursuant to (or at any time that Parent is entitled
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to) clause (b)(ii) of Section 8.1, clause
(d)(i) of Section 8.1 based on a willful failure to perform any obligation
hereunder, or clause (d)(ii) of Section 8.1 based on a willful act or omission
causing a representation or warranty not to be true, Company shall pay to Parent
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by
Parent within two business days following such termination the Termination Fee.

          (d) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to (or at any time that
Parent is entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to) clause (b)(ii) or
(b)(iii) of Section 8.1 and Company is in willful and material breach of a
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained herein and within 12
months of the date of such termination, Company enters into a definitive
agreement with respect to, or consummates, any Transaction Proposal, then
Company shall pay to Parent an amount equal to the Termination Fee concurrently
with the earlier of the execution of such definitive agreement or the
consummation of such Transaction Proposal.

          (e) If this Agreement is terminated by Company pursuant to Section
8.1(c)(iv), then Parent shall pay to Company by wire transfer of immediately

available funds to an account designated by Company within two business days
following such termination the Termination Fee.

          (f) If a party fails to pay any amounts due under this Section 8.2
within the time periods specified herein, such party shall pay all costs and
expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred by the other party in
connection with any action or proceeding (including the filing of any lawsuit)
taken by it to collect such unpaid amounts, together with interest on such
unpaid amounts at the publicly announced prime or base lending rate of The Chase
Manhattan Bank from the date such amounts were required to be paid until the
date actually received by the party to whom they are due.

          8.3  AMENDMENT.  Subject to compliance with applicable law, this
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by
their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after approval of
the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of
Company; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that after any approval of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement by the stockholders of Company, there may not be,
without further approval of such stockholders, any amendment of this Agreement
which changes the amount or the form of the consideration to be delivered to the
holders of Company Common Stock hereunder other than as contemplated by this
Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing
signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

          8.4 EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the
parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Board of
Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto,
(b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained
herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with
any of the agreements or conditions contained herein; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
after any approval of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the
stockholders of Company, there may not be, without further approval of such
stockholders, any extension or waiver of this Agreement or any portion thereof
which reduces the amount or changes the form of the consideration to be
delivered to the holders of Company Common Stock hereunder other than as
contemplated by this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to
any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written
instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such extension or waiver or
failure to insist on strict compliance with an obligation, covenant, agreement
or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any
subsequent or other failure.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

          9.1 NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS. None of
the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement or
in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement (other than pursuant to
the Support Agreement, which shall terminate in accordance with its terms) shall
survive the Effective Time, except for those covenants and agreements contained

herein and therein which by their terms apply in whole or in part after the
Effective Time.

          9.2  EXPENSES. Subject to Section 8.2, all costs and expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be paid by the party incurring such expense.

          9.3  NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally to the
recipient, (ii) when sent to the recipient by telecopy (receipt electronically
confirmed by sender's telecopy machine) if during normal business hours of the
recipient, otherwise on the next business day, (iii) one business day after the
date when sent to the recipient by reputable express courier service (charges
prepaid), or (iv) seven business days after the date when mailed to the
recipient by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage
prepaid. Such notices and other communications shall be sent if delivered
personally, telecopied (with confirmation), mailed by registered or certified
mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier (with
confirmation) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

                           if to Parent, to:

                           Genesee & Wyoming Inc.
                           66 Field Point Road
                           Greenwich, CT 06830
                           Attention: Mark Hastings
                           Fax: (203) 661-4106

                           with a copy to:

                           Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
                           425 Lexington Avenue
                           New York, NY  10017
                           Attention: Philip T. Ruegger, Esq.
                           Fax:  (212) 455-2502

                           and

                           if to Company, to:

                           Emons Transportation Group, Inc.
                           96 South George Street
                           York, PA 17401
                           Attention: Robert Grossman
                           Fax: (717) 854-6275

                           with a copy to:

                           Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP
                           1800 Massachusetts Avenue, NW
                           Washington, DC 20036
                           Attention: Alan Berkeley, Esq.
                           Fax: (202) 778-9100

          9.4  INTERPRETATION. When a reference is made in this Agreement to
Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to a Section of or
Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The  and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in
this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation". No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to require
Company, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates to take
any action that would violate any applicable law, rule or regulation.

          9.5  COUNTERPARTS; FACSIMILE. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties
and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need
not sign the same counterpart. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile
signatures of the parties hereto.

          9.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement (including the documents and the
instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof other than the Support
Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement.

          9.7  GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

          9.8  SEVERABILITY. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this
Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted
to be only so broad as is enforceable.

          9.9  ASSIGNMENT; THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Neither this Agreement nor
any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any
of the parties hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the
prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the preceding sentence,
this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Except as otherwise
specifically provided in Section 6.4, this Agreement (including the documents
and instruments referred to herein) is not intended to confer upon any person
other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.

          9.10  ENFORCEMENT. The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It
is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Federal court or New York
State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and Company have caused this Agreement
to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the
date first above written.

                                   GENESEE & WYOMING INC.

                                   By: /s/ Mark W. Hastings
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                       Name: Mark W. Hastings
                                       Title: Executive Vice President

                                   ETR ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                                   By: /s/ Mark W. Hastings
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name: Mark W. Hastings
                                       Title: Executive Vice President

                                   EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.

                                   By: /s/ Robert Grossman
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name: Robert Grossman
                                       Title: Chairman, President, and Chief
                                       Executive Officer

                                                                      APPENDIX B
                                                                      ----------

                        DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

SECTION 262. APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     (a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of
stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this
section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through
the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied
with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the
merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to Section 228
of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the
fair value of the stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section,
the word "stockholder" means a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation
and also a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and
"share" mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also
membership or membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and the
words "depository receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in one or more shares, or fractions thereof,
solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

     (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to Section 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
Section 251(g) of this title), Section 252, Section 254, Section 257, Section
258, Section 263 or Section 264 of this title:

         (1)  Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section
shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock,
or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to determine
the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the meeting of
stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or consolidation, were either
(i) listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national market
system security on an interdealer quotation system by the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders;
and further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any shares
of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not
require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving
corporation as provided in subsection (f) of Section 251 of this title.

         (2)  Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series of
stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by the
terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to Subsections 251,
252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for such stock anything
except:

              a.  Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect thereof;

              b.  Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository
receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in
respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the merger or
consolidation will be either listed on a national securities exchange or
designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record
by more than 2,000 holders;

              c.  Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this paragraph;
or

              d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and
cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in
the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

         (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
party to a merger effected under Section 253 of this title is not owned by the
parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall be
available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

     (c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision,
the procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and
(e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

     (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

         (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights
are provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a meeting of
stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, shall
notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record date for such meeting
with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available pursuant to
subsection (b) or (c) hereof that appraisal rights are available for any or all
of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall include in such notice
a copy of this section. Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of
such stockholder's shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of
the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such
stockholder's shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs
the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder
intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such stockholder's shares. A proxy or
vote against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A
stockholder electing to take such action must do so by a separate written demand
as herein provided. Within 10 days after the effective date of such merger or
consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each
stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied with this
subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or
consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become effective;
or

         (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to Section 228
or Section 253 of this title, each consitutent corporation, either before the
effective date of the merger or consolidation or within ten days thereafter,
shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such
constitutent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights of the approval of
the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or
all shares of such class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and
shall include in such notice a copy of this section; provided that, if the
notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
such notice shall be given by the surviving or resulting corporation to all such
holders of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation that are
entitled to appraisal rights. Such notice may, and, if given on or after the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such
stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any
stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of
mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting
corporation the appraisal of such holder's shares. Such demand will be
sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of
such holder's shares. If such notice did not notify stockholders of the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such constitutent
corporation shall send a second notice before the effective date of the merger
or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any class or series of stock
of such constitutent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights of the
effective date of the merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting
corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10
days after such effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is
sent more than 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second
notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights
and who has demanded appraisal of such holder's shares in accordance with this
subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the
transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either notice that
such notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie
evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of determining the
stockholders entitled to receive either notice, each constitutent corporation
may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be not more than 10 days prior to
the date the notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after
the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such
effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the
effective date, the record date shall be the close of business on the day next
preceding the day on which the notice is given.

     (e)  Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who has
complied with subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the value of the stock of all such stockholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to
withdraw such stockholder's demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered
upon the merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of
the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the
requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be
entitled to receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from
the consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not
voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands
for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares. Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days

after such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received by the
surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the
period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof,
whichever is later.

     (f)  Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a
copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which
shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in
Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be
filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or
resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses
therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more publications at
least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general
circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as
the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and by publication
shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the
surviving or resulting corporation.

     (g)  At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled to
appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

     (h)  After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any element
of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon
the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair value, the
Court shall take into account all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate
of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate of
interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would have had to pay to
borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding. Upon application by the
surviving or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate
in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit discovery
or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior
to the final determination of the stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any
stockholder whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who has submitted
such stockholder's certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is
required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally
determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this
section.

     (i)  The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to the
stockholders entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the Court
may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of
holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares
represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the

certificates representing such stock. The Court's decree may be enforced as
other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving
or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

          (j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and
taxed upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
the shares entitled to an appraisal.

          (k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d)
of this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to
receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except
dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date
which is prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided,
however, that if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver
to the surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such
stockholder's demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or
consolidation, either within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation as provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with
the written approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to
an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding
in the Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the
approval of the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as
the Court deems just.

          (l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the
shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they
assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and
unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

                                                                      APPENDIX C
                                                                      ----------

- -----------------------
FERRIS                                         Ferris, Baker Watts, Incorporated
BAKER                                          Corporate Finance
WATTS                                          Member NYSE, SIPC
- -----------------------                        100 Light Street
                                               Baltimore, MD 21202
                                               (410) 659-4612

                                December 2, 2001

Board of Directors
Emons Transportation Group, Inc.
96 South George Street
York, Pennsylvania 17401

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     You have requested our opinion as to the fairness from a financial point of
view to the holders of the outstanding  shares of Common Stock,  par value $0.01
per share (the "Shares"), of Emons Transportation Group, Inc. (the "Company") of
the $2.50 per  Share in cash to be  received  by such  holders  pursuant  to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger,  dated December 3, 2001 (the  "Agreement"),  among
Genesee  &  Wyoming  Inc.  (the  "Buyer"),   ETR  Acquisition   Corporation,   a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Buyer, and the Company.

     Ferris,  Baker  Watts,  Inc.  ("FBW")  as  part of its  investment  banking
business,  is  continually  engaged in the  valuation  of  businesses  and their
securities in connection with mergers and  acquisitions,  public  underwritings,
private  placements  and  valuations  for corporate and other  purposes.  We are
familiar with the Company having provided certain investment banking services to
the Company from time to time, including having acted as the Company's financial
advisor  and  provided  a  fairness  opinion  for its  merger  with  ETG  Merger
Corporation  that  resulted  in the  exchange  of each  share  of the  Company's
outstanding  $0.14  Series A  Cumulative  Convertible  Preferred  Stock into 1.1
shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock in June 1999.  We were  retained  by the
Company in September 1999 to explore strategic alternatives  including,  but not
limited to, an acquisition or merger transaction and have acted as the Company's
financial  advisor  in  connection  with,  and  participated  in  certain of the
negotiations leading to, the Agreement.  FBW has never had an investment banking
relationship with the Buyer.

     In connection with this opinion, we have reviewed,  among other things, the
Agreement; Annual Reports to Stockholders, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Proxy
Statements  of the Company for the five fiscal  years ended June 30,  2001;  the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ending September 30,
2001;  and certain  internal  financial  analyses and  forecasts for the Company
prepared by its management.  We have also held  discussions  with members of the
senior  management  of the Company  regarding  their  assessment of the past and
current  business  operations,  financial  condition and future prospects of the
Company.  In addition,  we have reviewed the reported price and trading activity
for the Shares,  compared certain financial and stock market information for the
Company with similar  information  for certain other companies the securities of

which are publicly traded,  reviewed  financial terms of certain recent business
combinations  in the railroad  industry  and  performed  such other  studies and
analyses as we considered appropriate.

     In rendering our opinion,  we have assumed and relied upon the accuracy and
completeness  of all  financial  and other  information  reviewed  by us for the
purposes of this  opinion  whether  publicly  available or provided to us by the
Company, and we have not assumed any responsibility for independent verification
of such  information.  FBW has further  assumed that the  financial  budgets and
projections provided to FBW have been reasonably  determined reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgements of the management of the Company as
to the future  financial  performance  of the Company.  We express no view as to
such budgets or  projections  or the  assumptions  on which they are based.  Our
advisory  services  and  the  opinion  expressed  herein  are  provided  for the
information  and  assistance  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of the  Company  in
connection  with  its  consideration  of  the  transaction  contemplated  by the
Agreement and such opinion does not  constitute a  recommendation  as to how any
holder of the Shares should vote with respect to such transaction.

     Based upon and subject to the  foregoing  and based upon such matters as we
consider  relevant,  it is our opinion  that as of the date hereof the $2.50 per
Share in cash to be received by the holders of Shares  pursuant to the Agreement
is  fair  from a  financial  point  of  view to such  holders.  Our  opinion  is
necessarily based on economic,  market and other conditions as in effect on, and
the information made available to us as of, the date of this letter.  Subsequent
events may affect the conclusions  reached in this opinion,  and we neither have
nor do we assume any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this opinion which
speaks solely as of this date and with respect to matters contained herein.

                                       Very truly yours,

                                       /s/ Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.

                                       Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.

                                                                      APPENDIX D
                                                                      ----------

          VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of December 3, 2001 (this "AGREEMENT"),
among GENESEE & WYOMING INC., a Delaware corporation ("PARENT"), and certain
stockholders of EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation
("COMPANY"), that are parties hereto (each, a "STOCKHOLDER" and, collectively,
the "STOCKHOLDERS").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                              - - - - - - - - - -

          WHEREAS, Parent, ETR Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("SUB"), and Company propose to enter
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (the "MERGER
AGREEMENT;" capitalized terms used without definition herein having the meanings
assigned to them in the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Sub will merge with
and into Company, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Merger Agreement (the "COMPANY MERGER"); and

          WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Stockholder is the record and
beneficial owner of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
Company ("COMPANY COMMON STOCK") (with respect to each Stockholder, such
Stockholder's "EXISTING SHARES" and, together with any shares of Company Common
Stock or other voting capital stock of Company acquired after the date hereof,
whether upon the exercise of warrants, options, conversion of convertible
securities or otherwise, such Stockholder's "SHARES"); and

          WHEREAS, as an inducement and condition to the willingness of Parent
and Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement, Parent and Sub have requested that
the Stockholders enter into this Agreement.

          NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                    VOTING

          1.1  AGREEMENT TO VOTE. Each Stockholder hereby agrees that it shall,
from time to time, at any meeting (whether annual or special and whether or not
an adjourned or postponed meeting) of stockholders of Company, however called,
or in connection with any written consent of the holders of Company Common
Stock, (a) if a meeting is held, appear at such meeting or otherwise cause the
Shares to be counted as present thereat for purposes of establishing a quorum,
and (b) vote or consent (or cause to be voted or consented), in person or by
proxy, all Shares, and any other voting securities of Company (whether acquired
heretofore or hereafter) that are beneficially owned or held of record by such
Stockholder or as to which such Stockholder has, directly or indirectly, the

right to vote or direct the voting, (x) in favor of the approval and adoption of
the Merger Agreement, the Company Merger and any action required in furtherance
thereof and (y) against any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that to
the knowledge of such Stockholder would constitute a breach in any material
respect of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or
agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement or of such Stockholder under
this Agreement.

          1.2  GRANT OF IRREVOCABLE PROXY. Each Stockholder, in its capacity as
such, hereby irrevocably appoints Parent or any designee of Parent the lawful
agent, attorney and proxy of each such Stockholder during the term of this
Agreement (which proxy shall be automatically revoked without any further action
on the part of such Stockholder upon the termination of this Agreement) to vote
the Shares of such Stockholder in accordance with the agreement to vote Shares
set forth in Section 1.1 of this Agreement at any meeting of the stockholders of
the Company. Each Stockholder intends this proxy to be irrevocable and coupled
with an interest and will take such further action or execute such other
instruments as may be necessary to effectuate the intent of this proxy and
hereby revokes any proxy previously granted by it with respect to its Shares.

          1.3  NO OWNERSHIP INTEREST. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall
be deemed to vest in Parent any direct or indirect ownership or incidence of
ownership of or with respect to any Shares. All rights, ownership and economic
benefits of and relating to the Shares shall remain vested in and belong to the
Stockholders, and Parent shall have no authority to manage, direct, superintend,
restrict, regulate, govern, or administer any of the policies or operations of
Company or exercise any power or authority to direct the Stockholders in the
voting of any of the Shares, except as otherwise provided herein, or in the
performance of the Stockholders' duties or responsibilities as stockholders of
Company.

          1.4  NO INCONSISTENT AGREEMENTS. Each Stockholder hereby covenants and
agrees that, except as contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement,
the Stockholder (a) has not entered, and shall not enter at any time while this
Agreement remains in effect, into any voting agreement or voting trust with
respect to the Shares and (b) has not granted, and shall not grant at any time
while this Agreement remains in effect, a proxy or power of attorney with
respect to the Shares, in either case, which is inconsistent with such
Stockholder's obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE II

               REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EACH STOCKHOLDER

          Each Stockholder hereby, severally and not jointly, represents and
warrants to Parent as follows:

          2.1  AUTHORIZATION; VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT; NECESSARY ACTION. Such
Stockholder has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement,
to perform such Stockholder's obligations hereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by
such Stockholder of this Agreement and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by such
Stockholder and no other actions or proceedings on the part of such Stockholder
are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement

and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Stockholder, and,
assuming this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Parent,
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such Stockholder, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar
laws, relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, general equitable
principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and an
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

          2.2  SHARES. Such Stockholder's Existing Shares are, and all of its
Shares from the date hereof through and on the Closing Date have been and will
be, owned beneficially and of record by such Stockholder. As of the date hereof,
such Stockholder's Existing Shares constitute all of the shares of Company
Common Stock owned of record or beneficially by such Stockholder. Such
Stockholder has or will have sole voting power, sole power of disposition, sole
power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth in Article I
hereof, and sole power to agree to all of the matters set forth in this
Agreement, in each case with respect to all of such Stockholder's Existing
Shares and with respect to all of such Stockholder's Shares on the Closing Date,
with no limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights, subject to
applicable federal securities laws and the terms of this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE III

                                OTHER COVENANTS

          3.1  FURTHER AGREEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS.

               (a)  Each Stockholder, severally and not jointly, hereby agrees,
while this Agreement is in effect, and except as contemplated hereby, not to
sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of (collectively,
a "TRANSFER") or enforce or permit the execution of the provisions of any
redemption, share purchase or sale, recapitalization or other agreement with
Company or enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or understanding
with respect to the offer for sale, sale, transfer, pledge, encumbrance,
assignment or other disposition of, any of its Existing Shares, any Shares
acquired after the date hereof, any securities exercisable for or convertible
into Company Common Stock, any other capital stock of Company or any interest in
any of the foregoing with any person, except to a person who agrees in writing,
in an instrument reasonably acceptable to Parent, to be bound by this Agreement
as a Stockholder and be subject to Sections 1.1 and 1.2 hereof.

               (b)  In the event of a stock dividend or distribution, or any
change in Company Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend or distribution,
or any change in Company Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend, split-up,
recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares or the like, the term "SHARES"
shall be deemed to refer to and include the Shares as well as all such stock
dividends and distributions and any securities into which or for which any or
all of the Shares may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such
transaction.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

          4.1  TERMINATION. This Agreement shall terminate and no party shall
have any rights or duties hereunder upon the earlier of (a) the Effective Time
or (b) termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1 thereof.
Nothing in this Section 4.1 shall relieve or otherwise limit any party of
liability for breach of this Agreement.

          4.2  FURTHER ASSURANCES. From time to time, at the other party's
request and without further consideration, each party hereto shall execute and
deliver such additional documents and take all such further action as may be
necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

          4.3  NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if
delivered personally, or by telecopy or telefacsimile, upon confirmation of
receipt, (b) on the first business day following the date of dispatch if
delivered by a recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the tenth business
day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices hereunder shall be
delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be
designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:

                           (a)      if to Parent to:

                                    Genesee & Wyoming Inc.
                                    66 Field Point Road
                                    Greenwich, CT  06830
                                    Attention:  Mark Hastings
                                    Fax:  (203) 661-4106

                                    with a copy to:

                                    Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
                                    425 Lexington Avenue
                                    New York, NY  10017
                                    Attention:  Phillip T. Ruegger, Esq.
                                    Fax: (212) 455-2502

                           (b)      if to a Stockholder:

                                    c/o Emons Transportation Group, Inc.
                                    96 South George Street
                                    York, PA  17401
                                    Fax:  (717) 854-6275

          4.4  COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both
parties need not sign the same counterpart.

          4.5  GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State New York.

          4.6  AMENDMENT. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

          4.7  ENFORCEMENT. The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that
the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, this
being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity.

          4.8  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

                [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent and each of the Stockholders have caused
this Agreement to be signed by their respective officers or other authorized
person thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above.

                                     GENESEE & WYOMING INC.

                                     By:  /s/ Mark W. Hastings
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name: Mark W. Hastings
                                          Title: Executive Vice President

                                     By: /s/ Michael J. Blake
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Michael J. Blake

                                     By: /s/ Robert Grossman
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Robert Grossman

                                     By: /s/ Kimberly A. Madigan
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Kimberly A. Madigan

                                     By:
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Robert J. Smallacombe

                                     By: /s/ Alfred P. Smith
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Alfred P. Smith

                                     By: /s/ Dean H. Wise
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Dean H. Wise

                                     By: /s/ Scott F. Ziegler
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Scott F. Ziegler

                        EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.

      Proxy for Special Meeting of Shareholders on February _________, 2002

           THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                       OF EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.

        The undersigned hereby appoints Robert Grossman and Scott F. Ziegler, or
either of them, with power of  substitution,  attorneys and proxies to represent
the undersigned at the Special  Meeting of Stockholders of EMONS  TRANSPORTATION
GROUP, INC., to be held on February __, 2002, or at any adjournment  thereof, to
vote all shares of Common Stock,  and shares of Common Stock  represented by the
Company's  Convertible  Preferred  Stock not yet  delivered  to the  Company for
exchange,  as  designated  on the reverse  side of this proxy card and upon such
other business that may properly come before the meeting.

          (The Proxy continues and must be signed on the reverse side.)

                         Please date, sign and mail your
                      proxy card back as soon as possible!

                         Special Meeting of Stockholders
                        EMONS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.

                            February __________, 2002

                Please Detach and Mail in the Envelope Provided.

[X] Please mark your votes as in this example.

         THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE PROPOSAL.

PROPOSAL:                                             FOR    AGAINST   ABSTAIN

1. Approval and adoption of the Agreement and Plan
   of Merger, dated as of December 3, 2001,  among    [ ]     [ ]       [ ]
   Emons  Transportation  Group,  Inc.,  Genesee &
   Wyoming Inc., and ETR Acquisition  Corporation,
   a wholly owned  subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming
   Inc.,   pursuant   to  which  ETR   Acquisition
   Corporation  will be merged with and into Emons
   Transportation  Group,  Inc.  and each share of
   Common  Stock  of Emons  Transportation  Group,
   Inc.  outstanding   immediately  prior  to  the
   merger  will be  converted  into  the  right to
   receive $2.50 in cash, without interest.

2. In  the  discretion  of such proxies, upon such
   other  business as may properly come before the
   special meeting or any adjournment thereof.

THIS  PROXY  IS  SOLICITED  BY THE  BOARD  OF  DIRECTORS  AND  WILL BE  VOTED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE STOCKHOLDER'S  SPECIFICATIONS HEREON. IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH
SPECIFICATION,  THE PROXY WILL BE VOTED "FOR" THE  APPROVAL  AND ADOPTION OF THE
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER.

PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.

Signature   ________________________________      Date___________________, 2002

Signature (if hold jointly) ________________

Note: Please sign exactly as your name appears  herein.  When shares are held by
      joint  tenants,  both should sign.  When  signing as  attorney,  executor,
      administrator,  trustee or guardian,  please give full title as such. If a
      corporation,  please sign in full  corporate  name by  President  or other
      authorized officer. If a partnership,  please sign in the partnership name
      by authorized person.

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----