URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1002637/000091205702000484/0000912057-02-000484.txt

5 SIDNEY STREET
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6176797000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 SIDNEY STREET
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139

S-4/A

a2067181zs-4a.htm

S-4/A

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2002  

 Registration No. 333-75882  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

AMENDMENT NO. 1

TO

FORM S-4  

REGISTRATION STATEMENT  

 UNDER  

 THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  

MILLENNIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware

(State or other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

Classification Code Number)

04-3177038

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

75 Sidney Street

Cambridge, MA 02139

(617) 679-7000

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,

including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) 

John B. Douglas III, Esq.

Senior Vice President and General Counsel

Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

 75 Sidney Street

Cambridge, MA 02139

(617) 679-7000

(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone

number, including area code, of agent for service) 

Copies to:  

David E. Redlick, Esq.

Jeffrey A. Stein, Esq.

Hale and Dorr LLP

60 State Street

Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Telephone: (617) 526-6000

Facsimile: (617) 526-5000

Robert L. Jones, Esq.

Keith A. Flaum, Esq.

Glen A. Kohl, Esq.

Cooley Godward LLP

5 Palo Alto Square

3000 El Camino Real

Palo Alto, California 94306

Telephone: (650) 843-5000

Facsimile: (650) 849-7400

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: 
As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective and certain
other conditions under the merger agreement are met or waived. 

   If
the securities being registered on this Form are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the
following box. 
/ /  

   If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. 
/ /  

   If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.
/ /  

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.

January 11, 2002 

Dear
stockholders of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: 

I
am writing to you today about the proposed acquisition by Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. of COR Therapeutics, Inc. The acquisition will be effected through the merger of a newly
formed subsidiary of Millennium into COR. 

Millennium
and COR entered into a merger agreement on December 5, 2001. Under the terms of the merger agreement, each share of COR common stock will be converted into the right to receive
0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock. Based upon the number of outstanding shares of COR common stock on January 2, 2002, Millennium expects to issue approximately 55,038,103 shares of
its common stock in the merger. Upon completion of the merger, COR stockholders will own approximately 19.7% of Millennium's outstanding common stock, excluding shares that may be issued upon the
conversion of COR convertible notes or the exercise of COR options. Millennium common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol "MLNM" and closed at a price of $24.05 per
share on January 4, 2002. Millennium stockholders will continue to own their Millennium shares after the merger. 

We
will hold a special meeting of stockholders on Tuesday, February 12, 2002 at 1:00 p.m., local time at Hale and Dorr LLP, 60 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109 at which we will
ask you to approve the issuance of Millennium common stock to the stockholders of COR in the merger. 

We
cannot complete the merger unless the stockholders of Millennium approve the issuance of Millennium common stock to COR stockholders in the merger. The board of directors of Millennium has
unanimously approved the merger and unanimously recommends that you approve the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. 

The
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus provides detailed information about Millennium, COR and the merger. Please give all of this information your careful attention. 

In particular, you
should carefully consider the discussion in the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of the joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Your
vote is very important regardless of the number of shares you own. If you are a stockholder of record, you may vote over the Internet, by telephone, by mailing the enclosed proxy card in the
envelope provided or by attending the special meeting and voting in person. To approve the proposal submitted to you, vote "FOR" the proposal by following the instructions in the joint proxy
statement/prospectus and on the enclosed proxy card. If your shares are held in "street name" (that is, held for your account by a broker or other nominee), you will receive instructions from the
holder of record that you must follow for your shares to be voted. 

Sincerely, 

MARK J. LEVIN

Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer  

January 11, 2002 

Dear
stockholders of COR Therapeutics, Inc.: 

    I
am writing to you today about the proposed acquisition of COR Therapeutics, Inc. by Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The acquisition will be effected through the
merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium into COR. 

    Millennium
and COR entered into a merger agreement on December 5, 2001. Under the terms of the merger agreement, each share of COR common stock will be converted into the right
to receive 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock. Upon completion of the merger, COR stockholders will own approximately 19.7% of Millennium's outstanding common stock, excluding shares that
may be issued upon conversion of COR convertible notes or the exercise of COR options. Millennium common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol "MLNM" and closed at a
price of $24.05 per share on January 4, 2002. 

    We
will hold a special meeting of stockholders on Tuesday, February 12, 2002 at 10:00 a.m., local time at the Embassy Suites Hotel, 250 Gateway Boulevard, South San
Francisco, California 94080 at which we will ask you to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. The board of directors of COR has unanimously approved the merger agreement and recommends
the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the merger by stockholders. 

    You
may vote at the special meeting if you owned shares of COR common stock as of the close of business on January 2, 2002, the record date for the special meeting of COR
stockholders. 

    We
cannot complete the merger unless the stockholders of COR adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. COR's board of directors has determined that the merger agreement and
the merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, COR and its stockholders and recommends that you vote to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. 

    The
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus provides detailed information about Millennium, COR and the merger. Please give all of this information your careful attention. 

In particular, you should carefully consider the
discussion in the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of the joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

    Your
vote is very important regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please take the time to vote by completing and mailing
the enclosed proxy card as described in the instructions accompanying the enclosed proxy card. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you want to vote, your proxy will count
as a vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger. 
If you do not vote at all, it will in effect count as a vote against adoption of the merger
agreement and approval of the merger.

Sincerely, 

VAUGHN M. KAILIAN
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the merger or the
securities of Millennium to be issued in the merger, or determined if this joint proxy statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

    This
joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated January 8, 2002 and is expected to be first mailed to Millennium stockholders and COR stockholders on or about January 11,
2002. 

Sources of Additional Information    

    This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Millennium and COR that is not included or delivered with
this document. This information is available without charge to you upon oral or written request. Requests for Millennium information should be made to Gina Brazier, Director of Investor Relations,
Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 75 Sidney Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, telephone: (617) 551-3611. Requests for COR information should be made to Shari Annes,
Investor Relations, COR Therapeutics, Inc., 256 E. Grand Avenue, South San Francisco, CA 94080, telephone: (650) 244-6889. 

To obtain timely information of the requested materials prior to the special meeting of Millennium stockholders and the special meeting of COR stockholders,
you must request them no later than February 5, 2002.

    Also
see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 117 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

    Millennium
has supplied all information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to Millennium, and COR has supplied all information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus relating to COR. 

MILLENNIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

75 Sidney Street

Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139

(617) 679-7000  

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To be held on February 12, 2002  

    We will hold a special meeting of the stockholders of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. at 1:00 p.m., local time, on Tuesday,
February 12, 2002, at Hale and Dorr LLP, 60 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109. 

    At
the meeting, you will consider and vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of Millennium common stock to the stockholders of COR in the acquisition of COR by Millennium. The
acquisition will be effected through the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium with and into COR. In the merger, each outstanding share of COR common stock will be converted into the right
to receive 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock. The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the enclosed joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

    We
will transact no other business at the special meeting, except business that may be properly brought before the special meeting or any adjournment, postponement or continuation of
the special meeting. 

    Only
holders of record of shares of Millennium common stock at the close of business on January 2, 2002, the record date for the special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and
to vote at, the special meeting and any adjournment, postponement or continuation of the special meeting. 

    Your
vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please vote over the Internet, by telephone, by mailing the enclosed proxy card in the envelope provide
or in person at the special meeting. 

By
Order of the Board of Directors 

JOHN B. DOUGLAS III

Secretary  

Cambridge, Massachusetts

January 11, 2002 

COR Therapeutics, Inc.

256 E. Grand Avenue
  South San Francisco, California 94080
  (650) 244-6800    

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To be held on February 12, 2002  

    We will hold a special meeting of the stockholders of COR Therapeutics, Inc., at 10:00 a.m., local time, on Tuesday,
February 12, 2002, at the Embassy Suites Hotel, 250 Gateway Boulevard, South San Francisco, California 94080. 

    At
the meeting, you will consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the merger agreement dated as of December 5, 2001 among COR, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium and approve the merger. The merger agreement relates to the acquisition of COR by Millennium, which will be effected through the merger of the Millennium
subsidiary with and into COR. In the merger, each outstanding share of COR common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock. The merger agreement
is attached as Annex A to the enclosed joint proxy statement/prospectus. We will transact no other business at the special meeting. 

    COR's
board of directors has set January 2, 2002 as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting of COR
stockholders and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Only holders of record of shares of COR common stock at the close of business on January 2, 2002, the record date for the special
meeting, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any adjournment, postponement or continuation of the special meeting. 

    Your
vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please complete, sign and date the enclosed proxy and return it promptly in the enclosed
postage-paid envelope. 

    Please
do not send any stock certificates with your proxy cards. 

By
Order of the Board of Directors

Patrick
A. Broderick

Secretary

South
San Francisco, California

January 11, 2002 

    

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY

RISK FACTORS

Risks Relating to the Merger

Risks Relating to Millennium's Business

Risks Relating to COR's Business

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF MILLENNIUM

SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF COR

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

MARKET PRICE INFORMATION

Millennium Market Price Information

COR Market Price Information

Recent Closing Prices

Dividends

THE COR SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of Meeting

What Will Be Voted Upon

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

Vote Required to Adopt the Merger Agreement and Approve the Merger

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

Voting and Revocation of Proxies

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

Board Recommendation

THE MILLENNIUM SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of Meeting

What Will Be Voted Upon

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

How to Vote

Vote Required to Approve the Issuance

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

Voting and Revocation of Proxies

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

Board Recommendation

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

COR's Reasons For The Merger

Millennium's Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of Millennium's Financial AdvisorMorgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated

Opinion of COR's Financial AdvisorGoldman, Sachs & Co.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

Treatment of COR Common Stock

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

Effect on Millennium Stock Options and Warrants

Regulatory Approvals

Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

Resales of Millennium Common Stock Issued in Connection with the Merger; Affiliate Agreements

No Appraisal Rights

Delisting and Deregistration of COR Common Stock Following the Merger

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

The Exchange Ratio and Treatment of COR Common Stock

Treatment of COR Stock Options

Exchange of Certificates

Representations and Warranties

Covenants of Millennium and COR

Conditions to Obligations to Complete the Merger

Termination; Expenses and Termination Fees

Amendment

RELATED AGREEMENTS

Voting Agreements

Supplemental Indentures Relating to COR Convertible Notes

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

INFORMATION CONCERING MILLENNIUM

INFORMATION CONCERNING COR

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

DESCRIPTION OF MILLENNIUM CAPITAL STOCK

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEXES

Annex AAgreement and Plan of Merger

A-1

Annex BOpinion of Millennium's Financial Advisor, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated

B-1

Annex COpinion of COR's Financial Advisor, Goldman, Sachs & Co.

C-1

Annex DCOR Voting Agreement

D-1

Annex EMillennium Voting Agreement

E-1

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER    

Q:
What will COR stockholders receive in the merger?

A:
If
the merger is completed, COR stockholders will receive 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock for each share of COR common stock that they own, except that COR stockholders
will receive a cash payment, without interest, in lieu of any fractional share of Millennium common stock that they would otherwise be entitled to receive.

Q:
When do you expect to complete the merger of Millennium and COR?

A:
We
expect to complete the merger during the first quarter of 2002, but neither Millennium nor COR can predict the exact timing.

Q:
Do the boards of directors of Millennium and COR recommend approval of the proposals?

A:
Yes.
For a more complete description of the recommendation of the Millennium board of directors, see the section entitled "The MergerMillennium's Reasons for the
Merger" beginning on page 40. 

For
a more complete description of the recommendation of the COR board of directors, see the section entitled "The MergerCOR's Reasons for the Merger" beginning on page 39. 

Q:
What vote of Millennium stockholders is required to approve the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger?

A:
The
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Millennium common stock present or represented by proxy and voting at the Millennium special meeting is required
to approve the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. Certain executive officers and directors of Millennium have agreed to vote the shares of Millennium common stock owned by them in
favor of the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. As of January 2, 2002, the record date for the special meeting of Millennium stockholders, these officers and directors
beneficially owned 4,810,612 outstanding shares of Millennium common stock, representing approximately 2.2% of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock.

Q:
What vote of COR stockholders is required to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger?

A:
The
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of COR common stock is required to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. Certain executive
officers and directors of COR have agreed to vote the shares of COR common stock owned by them in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger. As of January 2, 2002,
the record date for the special meeting of COR stockholders, these officers and directors beneficially owned 506,754 outstanding shares of COR common stock, representing less than 1% of the
outstanding shares of COR common stock.

Q:
What do I need to do now?

A:
Millennium
and COR urge you to carefully read this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including its annexes and to consider how the merger will affect you as a stockholder. You also
may want to review the documents referenced under the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 117. You should then vote as soon as possible in accordance with the
instructions provided in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and on the enclosed proxy card.

Q:
How do I vote?

A:
If
you are a Millennium stockholder, you may vote over the Internet, by telephone, by mailing your proxy card in the envelope provided or by attending the Millennium special meeting
and 

voting
in person. You will find voting instructions under the section entitled "The Millennium Special MeetingHow to Vote" on page 33 and on your proxy card. If your shares are held in
"street name" (that is, held for your account by a broker or other nominee), you will receive instructions from the holder of record that you must follow for your shares to be voted. 

If
you are a COR stockholder, you should indicate how you want to vote on your proxy card. You may also attend the COR special meeting and vote in person instead of submitting a proxy. 

If you are a COR stockholder and fail either
to return your proxy card or to vote in person at the COR special meeting, or if you mark your proxy "abstain," it will have the
same effect as a vote against the merger.
 If you sign and mail in your proxy but fail to indicate your vote on your proxy, your proxy will be counted as a vote for the proposal
submitted to you, unless your shares are held in street name. If your shares are held in street name, you will receive instructions from the holder of record that you must follow for your shares to be
voted. 

Q:
If my shares are held in a brokerage account, will my broker vote my shares for me?

A:
Your
broker cannot vote your shares on the proposals described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus without instructions from you on how to vote. Therefore, it is important that
you follow the directions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct your broker to vote your shares. 
If you are a COR stockholder and fail to follow the instructions
provided by your broker, it will have the same effect as a vote against the merger.

Q:
May I change my vote after I have mailed in my signed proxy card?

A:
You
may change your vote at any time before the vote takes place at your stockholder meeting. To change your vote, you may either submit a later dated proxy card or send a written
notice stating that you would like to revoke your proxy. If you are a Millennium stockholder, you may also change your vote by submitting a subsequent vote by Internet or by telephone. In addition,
you may attend your stockholder meeting and vote in person. However, if you elect to vote in person at your stockholder meeting and your shares are held by a broker, bank or other nominee, you must
bring to the stockholder meeting a proxy from the broker, bank or other nominee authorizing you to vote the shares.

Q:
Should stockholders send in their certificates?

A:
Not
at this time. After Millennium and COR complete the merger, Millennium's transfer agent will send instructions to COR stockholders regarding the exchange of shares of COR common
stock for Millennium common stock. Millennium stockholders should not submit their stock certificates at any time because their shares will not be converted in the merger.

Q:
Will I be taxed on the Millennium shares I receive?

A:
Your
receipt of the shares of Millennium common stock in the merger is intended to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes (except for taxes, if any, resulting from the
receipt of cash instead of fractional shares of Millennium common stock). We urge you to read the information regarding material U.S. federal income tax consequences contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus carefully. Because tax matters are very complicated and because the tax consequences will depend on the facts of your own situation, you should consult with your tax advisor
regarding the consequences of participation in the merger.

Q:
Whom may I contact with any additional questions?

A:
Millennium
stockholders and COR stockholders may call D. F. King & Co., Inc., proxy solicitors, at 1-800-290-6429. 

SUMMARY    

This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that
is important to you. To understand the merger fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the merger, you should read carefully this entire document and the documents to which we
have referred you. See the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 117.

The Companies    

Millennium
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

75 Sidney Street

Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139

(617) 679-7000 

    Millennium's
goal is to become the biopharmaceutical company of the future. It plans to develop breakthrough drugs and predictive medicine products that ultimately enable physicians
to more closely customize medical treatment to a patient's needs by combining knowledge of the genetic basis for disease and the genetic characteristics of a patient on a molecular basis. Millennium
is primarily focusing its research and development and planned commercialization activities in three key areas: oncology, inflammation and metabolic disease. Millennium is also striving to
significantly improve drug development productivity by applying its broad proprietary scientific and technological capabilities and methods to the drug discovery process. Millennium views the pursuit
of mergers, acquisitions and product in-licensing as important in achieving its goals. Either alone or in collaboration with strategic partners, Millennium has developed one therapeutic product that
has received FDA approval for use in an oncology indication and currently has nine product candidates in various stages of clinical development. At December 31, 2001, Millennium had
approximately 1,500 employees. 

COR
Therapeutics, Inc.

256 East Grand Avenue

South San Francisco, California 94080

(650) 244-6800 

    COR
Therapeutics, Inc. is dedicated to the discovery, development and marketing of novel therapeutic products to establish new standards of care for treating and preventing
acute and chronic cardiovascular diseases. COR markets INTEGRILIN (eptifibatide) Injection, its approved drug, to treat patients with certain acute cardiovascular diseases. COR is also
developing a portfolio of product candidates to treat and prevent a broad range of acute and chronic cardiovascular diseases and other conditions. At December 21, 2001, COR had approximately
330 employees. 

Stockholder Approval Required by COR (Page 31)    

    Adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of COR common
stock. Certain executive officers and directors of COR have agreed to vote the shares of COR common stock beneficially owned by them in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger. As of January 2, 2002, the record date for the special meeting of COR stockholders, these officers and directors beneficially owned 506,754 shares of COR common stock,
representing less than 1% of the outstanding shares of COR common stock. All of COR's directors and executive officers, including those who have entered into voting agreements with Millennium, were
entitled to vote less than 1% of the outstanding shares of COR common stock as of the record date. 

Stockholder Approval Required by Millennium (Page 34)    

    The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Millennium common stock present or represented by proxy and voting at the Millennium special
meeting is required to approve the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. Certain executive officers and directors of Millennium have agreed to vote the shares of Millennium common stock
owned by them in favor of the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. As of January 2, 2002, the record date for the special meeting of Millennium stockholders, these officers and
directors beneficially owned 4,810,612 outstanding shares of Millennium common stock, representing approximately 2.2% of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock. Millennium's directors and
executive officers, including those who have entered into voting agreements with COR, were entitled to vote approximately 2.2% of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock as of the record
date. 

COR Board Recommendation to Stockholders (Page 32)    

    The COR board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger. The COR board of directors has determined that the merger and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, COR's stockholders and unanimously recommends that the COR stockholders vote to adopt the
merger agreement and approve the merger. 

    The
COR board of directors considered a number of factors in determining to approve the merger agreement and the merger. These considerations are described below under "The
MergerCOR's Reasons For the Merger" on page 39. 

Millennium Board Recommendation to Stockholders (Page 35)    

    The Millennium board of directors has voted unanimously to approve the merger agreement and the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. The
Millennium board of directors has determined that the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of, Millennium and unanimously recommends that Millennium stockholders vote FOR the proposal to issue
Millennium common stock in the merger. 

    The
Millennium board of directors considered a number of factors in determining to approve the merger agreement and the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. These
considerations are described below under "The MergerMillennium's Reasons For The Merger" on page 40. 

The Merger (Page 64)    

    If all of the conditions to the merger are satisfied or waived, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium will merge with and into COR. After the merger, COR
will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium and COR stockholders will become Millennium stockholders. Millennium expects to merge COR directly into Millennium after the effective time of the
merger, at which time COR will cease to exist and all obligations of COR will become direct obligations of Millennium. 

What Holders of COR Common Stock Will Receive (Page 64)    

    If the merger is consummated, each outstanding share of COR common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common
stock (subject to adjustment in the event that COR's representation in the merger agreement regarding its outstanding capitalization is incorrect). Based on this exchange ratio of 0.9873 and the
number of shares of COR common stock outstanding on January 2, 2002, a total of up to approximately 78,472,940 shares of Millennium common
stock could be issued as a result of the merger, consisting of 55,038,103 shares to be issued in respect of outstanding shares of COR common stock at the record date, 6,096,517 shares issuable
upon 

the exercise of outstanding COR options, 16,155,535 shares issuable upon conversion of outstanding COR convertible notes and 1,182,785 shares issuable upon the exercise of additional COR
options which may be granted prior to the closing of the merger. An additional number of shares of Millennium common stock will also be issuable in exchange for shares purchased by COR employees prior
to the consummation of the merger under COR's employee stock purchase plan. 

    The
0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock that COR stockholders will receive for each share of COR common stock is a fixed number. Regardless of fluctuations in the market
prices of Millennium or COR common stock, this number will not change between now and the date the merger is completed, but the value of the shares of Millennium common stock to be received by COR
stockholders will fluctuate with the market price of Millennium common stock. The merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. We encourage you to read the merger
agreement because it is the document that governs the merger. 

    Millennium
will not issue fractional shares of Millennium common stock in connection with the merger. Instead, Millennium will pay cash, without interest, for any fractional shares. 

Stock Options (Page 64)    

    Pursuant to the merger agreement, Millennium will assume all outstanding options to purchase shares of COR common stock. Each option to purchase shares of COR
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will become an option to acquire, on the same terms, 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock for each share of COR
common stock for which the option was exercisable, with the option exercise price to be adjusted accordingly. 

Conditions to the Merger (Page 72)    

    The completion of the merger depends on the satisfaction of a number of conditions, including: 


COR
stockholders must have adopted the merger agreement and approved the merger;


Millennium
stockholders must have approved the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger;


the
waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 must have expired or been terminated;


the
registration statement on Form S-4 of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part must have become effective and not be
the subject of a stop order, and no proceedings seeking a stop order shall have been threatened or initiated;


the
listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Millennium common stock that will be issued to COR stockholders in the merger must have been approved;


each
of Millennium and COR shall have received legal opinions regarding the treatment of the merger as a tax-free "reorganization" within the
meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and


other
customary conditions specified in the merger agreement shall have been satisfied. 

    The
party entitled to assert any condition to the merger may waive the condition. 

No Solicitation by COR (Page 69)    

    COR has agreed that, during the period between the signing of the merger agreement and the completion of the merger, neither it nor any of its subsidiaries or
representatives will: 


solicit,
initiate or encourage inquiries or proposals that constitute, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal, as defined in
the merger agreement, from a third party;


engage
in negotiations or discussions concerning, or provide any non-public information relating to, any acquisition proposal;


subject
to applicable law and the satisfaction of conditions set forth in the merger agreement, withdraw or modify or propose to withdraw or modify the
approval of the merger by the COR board of directors or the recommendation by the COR board of directors of the adoption of the merger agreement;


amend
or grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any COR common stock, or take other specified actions to
facilitate a third party offer;


approve,
agree to or recommend any acquisition proposal; or


enter
into any agreement, letter of intent or similar document or contract relating to any acquisition proposal. 

    Notwithstanding
the foregoing, COR and its board of directors may furnish non-public information to, and enter into discussions or negotiations with, a person in
connection with an unsolicited written acquisition proposal that is a superior proposal, as defined in the merger agreement, if the COR board of directors determines in good faith that such action is
necessary for it to comply with its fiduciary duties to stockholders and certain other conditions specified in the merger agreement are met. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement (Page 74)    

    Millennium and COR can mutually agree to terminate the merger agreement without completing the merger. In addition, Millennium and COR can each terminate the
merger agreement under the circumstances set forth in the merger agreement and described below in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Termination Fees and Expenses (Page 74)    

    Millennium and COR, generally, will bear their own expenses related to the merger. However, under specified circumstances set forth in the merger agreement,
either Millennium or COR may be required to reimburse the other up to a maximum of $3,000,000 for expenses related to the merger. 

    Millennium
and COR are each obligated to pay the other a termination fee of $75,000,000 if the merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances set forth in the merger
agreement and described below in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Opinion of Millennium's Financial Advisor (Page 42)    

    In connection with the merger, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Millennium's financial advisor, rendered a written opinion, dated December 5,
2001, to the Millennium board of directors that, as of December 5, 2001, and subject to the matters described in its opinion and such other matters it considered relevant, the exchange ratio
pursuant to the merger agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Millennium. The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as
Annex B. 
Millennium urges its stockholders to read the opinion in its entirety to understand the procedures followed, the assumptions made, the  

 matters considered and the limitations on the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley in providing its opinion.
 The opinion of Morgan Stanley is directed to the Millennium board of
directors and relates only to the fairness of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement from a financial point of view to Millennium. The opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder with respect to the proposed merger. 

Opinion of COR's Financial Advisor (Page 50)    

    In connection with the merger, Goldman Sachs & Co., COR's financial advisor, delivered its opinion to the board of directors of COR, which was
subsequently confirmed in writing on December 5, 2001, that, as of December 5, 2001 and based upon and subject to the considerations described in its opinion, the exchange ratio provided
in the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of COR common stock. The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex C. 
COR encourages its stockholders to read the opinion carefully in its entirety to understand the procedures followed, the assumptions made, the
matters considered and the limitations on the review undertaken by Goldman Sachs in providing its opinion.
 Goldman Sachs' opinion is directed to the COR board of directors and
relates only to the fairness of the exchange ratio from a financial point of view to the stockholders of COR. The opinion does not address any other aspect of the proposed merger and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder with respect to the proposed merger. 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger (Page 58)    

    In considering the recommendation of the COR board of directors, COR stockholders should be aware of the interests that certain COR executive officers and
directors have in the merger. These include: 


potential
severance benefits to certain executive officers of COR that may be paid under pre-existing severance and stock option plans;


certain
directors and executive officers of COR will be appointed directors and executive officers of Millennium;


as
of January 2, 2002, the executive officers and directors of COR held 512,834 shares of COR common stock and options to purchase 2,627,334 shares
of COR common stock; and


customary
rights to indemnification of directors and executive officers of COR against specified liabilities. 

    In
considering the fairness of the merger to COR stockholders, the COR board of directors took into account these interests. Some of these interests are different from, or in addition
to, the interests of COR stockholders generally in the merger. 

Accounting Treatment (Page 61)    

    Millennium will account for the merger as a purchase of a business, which means that the assets and liabilities of COR, including intangible assets, will be
recorded at their fair value and the results of operations of COR will be included in Millennium's results from the date of acquisition. 

Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations (Page 61)    

    We
have structured the merger to qualify as a reorganization under section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. It is our intention that no gain or loss will generally be
recognized by COR stockholders for federal income tax purposes on the exchange of shares of COR common stock solely for shares of Millennium common stock. COR stockholders, however, will recognize
gain or loss for 

federal income tax purposes to the extent any cash received in lieu of fractional shares is greater than or less than, respectively, the tax basis allocable to the fractional shares. 

    Tax
matters are very complicated, and the tax consequences of the merger to the COR stockholders will depend on the facts of each COR stockholder's own situation. Each COR stockholder
should consult his, her or its tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the merger. 

    Millennium
stockholders will have no tax consequences as a result of the merger. 

Millennium and COR Stockholders Have No Appraisal Rights (Page 63)    

    Under
applicable law, neither Millennium stockholders nor COR stockholders have appraisal rights with respect to the merger. 

How the Rights of COR Stockholders Will Differ as Millennium Stockholders (Page 106)    

    The
rights of COR stockholders as stockholders of Millennium after the merger will be governed by Millennium's corporate charter and by-laws. Those rights differ from the
rights of COR stockholders under COR's corporate charter and by-laws. Both COR and Millennium are Delaware corporations. 

Millennium Price Information (Page 29)    

    Shares of Millennium common stock are listed on the Nasdaq National Market. On December 5, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the proposed merger, Millennium
common stock closed at $35.45 per share. On January 4, 2002, Millennium common stock closed at $24.05 per share. 

COR Price Information (Page 29)    

    Shares of COR common stock are listed on the Nasdaq National Market. On December 5, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement of
the proposed merger, COR common stock closed at $19.74 per share. On January 4, 2002, COR common stock closed at $23.45 per share. 

RISK FACTORS    

    You should carefully consider the following risk factors before you decide whether to vote to approve the proposals submitted to you. You should also consider
the other information in this document. 

Risks Relating to the Merger    

Millennium's stock price is volatile and the value of the Millennium common stock issued in the merger will depend on its market price at the time of the merger. No adjustment
to the exchange ratio will be made as a result of changes in the market price of Millennium common stock.  

    The market price of Millennium common stock, like that of the shares of many other biotechnology companies, has been and may continue to be volatile. For
example, from January 1, 2001 to December 31, 2001, Millennium common stock traded as high as $63.50 per share and as low as $15.63 per share. 

    At
the closing of the merger, each share of COR common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock. This exchange ratio will not be
adjusted for changes in the market price of Millennium common stock or of COR common stock. In addition, neither Millennium nor COR may unilaterally terminate or renegotiate the merger agreement, and
COR may not resolicit the vote of its stockholders, solely because of changes in the market price of Millennium common stock or COR common stock. Any reduction in Millennium's common stock price will
result in COR stockholders receiving less value in the merger at closing. Conversely, any increase in Millennium's common stock price will result in COR stockholders receiving greater value in the
merger at closing. Stockholders will not know the exact value of Millennium common stock to be issued to COR stockholders in the merger at the time of the special meetings of stockholders. 

Millennium may face challenges in integrating Millennium and COR and, as a result, may not realize the expected benefits of the proposed merger.  

    Integrating the operations and personnel of Millennium and COR will be a complex process. Millennium is uncertain that the integration will be completed
rapidly or that it will achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger. The successful integration of Millennium and COR will require, among other things, coordination of discovery and development
efforts and integration of COR's administration and sales and marketing groups into Millennium. The diversion of the attention of Millennium's management and any difficulties encountered in the
process of combining the companies could cause the disruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined company's business. The inability to successfully integrate the operations
and personnel of Millennium and COR, or any significant delay in achieving integration, could have a material adverse effect on the combined company after the merger and, as a result, on the market
price of Millennium's common stock. 

As a result of the merger, Millennium will be a substantially larger and broader organization and if the Millennium senior executive team is unable to manage the combined
company, its operating results will suffer.  

    As a result of the merger, Millennium will acquire approximately 330 employees based at COR's headquarters in South San Francisco, California. To date, most of
Millennium's employees have been based at or near Millennium's headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts. As a result, Millennium will face challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased
number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to develop appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs. In addition, COR has focused on developing products
for treating and preventing cardiovascular diseases, while Millennium has targeted oncology, inflammatory disease and metabolic disease. Millennium will need to manage the allocation of its resources
to this additional focus area, which includes COR's FDA approved drug INTEGRILIN. In the event Millennium does 

not effectively manage the allocation of resources among its programs, the combined company's sales of INTEGRILIN, or the combined company's ability to successfully develop its other existing product
candidates into revenue generating products, could be materially adversely affected. 

Under the terms of COR's indentures for its convertible notes, COR may be required to offer to redeem the notes for cash as a result of the merger.  

    The indenture governing COR's convertible notes issued in February 2000, aggregating $300 million in outstanding principal amount, requires COR to offer
to redeem the notes promptly following the merger, unless the closing price per share of COR's common stock on any five trading days during the ten consecutive trading days prior to the consummation
of the merger equals or exceeds $35.47. The
indenture governing COR's convertible notes issued in June 2001, aggregating $300 million in outstanding principal amount, requires COR to offer to redeem the notes promptly following the
merger, unless the closing price per share of COR's common stock on any five trading days during the ten consecutive trading days prior to the consummation of the merger equals or exceeds $42.10. If
COR is required to redeem the notes, it must offer to pay the purchase price for these notes in cash and COR's obligations under the notes will be guaranteed by Millennium. In the event that the
holders of large numbers of these notes accept COR's redemption offer, the amount of cash available to the combined company following the merger could be substantially diminished. 

Failure to complete the merger may result in Millennium or COR paying a termination fee to the other. Such a failure could also result in a decrease in the market price of
Millennium common stock or COR common stock and cause each company to nevertheless incur legal and accounting fees.  

    If the merger is not completed for any reason, Millennium and COR may be subject to a number of material risks, including: 


Millennium
or COR may require the other to pay a termination fee of $75,000,000, or up to $3,000,000 as reimbursement for expenses, under the circumstances
described in the merger agreement; 

the
market price of Millennium common stock or COR common stock may decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that
the merger will be completed; and 

Millennium's
and COR's costs incurred related to the merger, such as legal and accounting fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed. 

    If
the merger agreement is terminated and the COR board of directors seeks another merger or business combination, COR stockholders cannot be certain that COR will be able to find a
party willing to pay an equivalent or more attractive price than the price Millennium has agreed to pay in the merger. 

Some of the officers and directors of COR have conflicts of interest that may have influenced them to support or approve the merger.  

    COR's officers and directors may have been influenced to approve the merger because of arrangements that provide them with interests in the merger that are
different from, or in addition to, the interests of COR stockholders in the merger, which are described under the section entitled "The MergerInterests of Certain Persons in the Merger"
on page 58. 

    The
COR board of directors was aware of and took into account these arrangements when it approved the merger. It is possible that these arrangements may have influenced these
directors and officers to support or recommend the merger. 

The merger could cause COR to lose key personnel which could materially affect COR's business and require COR to incur substantial costs to recruit replacements for lost
personnel.  

    As a result of COR's change in ownership, current and prospective COR employees could experience uncertainty about their future roles within Millennium. This
uncertainty may adversely affect COR's ability to attract and retain key management, sales, marketing and technical personnel. Any failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material
adverse effect on the business of COR and Millennium. 

Certain provisions of Millennium's charter documents, its rights agreement and Delaware law could delay or prevent the sale of Millennium.  

    Provisions of Millennium's charter documents, its rights agreement and Delaware law may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or attempt to
acquire, control of Millennium, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of shares of Millennium common stock at a premium to the market price. In addition, these provisions may limit
the ability of stockholders of Millennium to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interest. 

Risks Relating to Millennium's Business    

Regulatory Risks  

Millennium may not be able to obtain marketing approval for products or services resulting from its development efforts.  

    All of the products that Millennium is developing will require additional research and development, extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials and
regulatory approval prior to any commercial sales. This process is lengthy, often taking a number of years, and expensive. In some cases, the length of time that it takes for Millennium to achieve
various regulatory approval milestones affects the payments that Millennium is eligible to receive under its strategic alliance agreements. 

    Millennium
may need to successfully address a number of technological challenges in order to complete development of its products. Moreover, these products may not be effective in
treating any disease or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude Millennium's obtaining regulatory approval or prevent or limit
commercial use. 

If Millennium fails to comply with regulatory requirements, or if Millennium experiences unanticipated problems with its approved products, Millennium's products could be
subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market.  

    Any product for which Millennium obtains marketing approval, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data and promotional
activities for such product, will be subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory bodies. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with Millennium's
products or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in restrictions on such products or manufacturing processes, withdrawal of the products from the
market or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

Millennium has only limited experience in regulatory affairs, and some of its products may be based on new technologies; these factors may affect Millennium's ability or the
time it requires to obtain necessary regulatory approvals.  

    Millennium has only limited experience in filing and prosecuting the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals. Moreover, certain of the products
that are likely to result from Millennium's research and development programs may be based on new technologies and new therapeutic approaches that have not been extensively tested in humans. The
regulatory requirements governing these types of products may be more rigorous than for conventional products. As a result, Millennium 

may experience a longer regulatory process in connection with any products that it develops based on these new technologies or new therapeutic approaches. 

Risks Relating to Millennium's Industry, Business and Strategy  

Because discovering drugs based upon genomics is new, it is possible that this discovery process will not result in commercial products or services.  

    The process of discovering drugs based upon genomics is new and evolving rapidly. Millennium focuses its genomics research primarily on diseases that may be
linked to several or many genes working in combination. Both Millennium and the general scientific and medical communities have only a limited understanding relating to the role of genes and their
products in these diseases. To date, Millennium has not commercialized any products discovered through its genomics research, and Millennium may not be successful in doing so in the future. In
addition, relatively few products based on gene discoveries have been developed and commercialized by others. Rapid technological development by Millennium or others may result in compounds, products
or processes becoming obsolete before Millennium recovers its development expenses. 

Millennium faces substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products and services before or more successfully than
Millennium.  

    The fields of genomics, biotechnology and pharmaceuticals are highly competitive. Many of Millennium's competitors are substantially larger than Millennium and
have substantially greater capital resources, research and development staffs and facilities than Millennium. Furthermore, many of Millennium's competitors are more experienced than Millennium in drug
discovery, development and commercialization, obtaining regulatory approvals and product manufacturing and marketing. As a result, Millennium's competitors may identify genes associated with diseases
or discover, develop and commercialize products or services based on such genes before Millennium. In addition, Millennium's competitors may discover, develop and commercialize products or services
that render non-competitive or obsolete the products or services that Millennium or its collaborators are seeking to develop and commercialize. 

Millennium may not be able to obtain biological material, including human and animal DNA samples, required for its genetic studies, which could delay or impede Millennium's
drug discovery efforts.  

    Millennium's gene identification strategy includes genetic studies of families and populations prone to particular diseases. These studies require the
collection of large numbers of DNA samples from affected individuals, their families and other suitable populations as well as animal models. The availability of DNA samples and other biological
material is important to Millennium's ability to discover the genes responsible for human diseases through human genetic approaches and other
studies. Competition for these resources is intense. Access to suitable populations, materials and samples could be limited by forces beyond Millennium's control, including governmental actions. Some
of Millennium's competitors may have obtained access to significantly more family and population resources and biological materials than Millennium has obtained. As a result, Millennium may not be
able to obtain access to DNA samples necessary to support its human gene discovery programs. 

Because many of the products and services that Millennium develops will be based on new technologies and therapeutic approaches, the market may not be receptive to these
products and services upon their introduction.  

    The commercial success of any of Millennium's products and services for which it may obtain marketing approval from the FDA, the EMEA and other regulatory
authorities will depend upon their acceptance by the medical community and third-party payors as clinically useful, cost-effective and safe. Many of the products and services that
Millennium is developing are based upon new technologies or 

therapeutic approaches. As a result, it may be more difficult for Millennium to achieve market acceptance of its products and services, particularly the first products and services that Millennium
introduces to the market based on new technologies and therapeutic approaches. Millennium's efforts to educate the medical community on these potentially unique approaches may require greater
resources than would be typically required for products and services based on conventional technologies or therapeutic approaches. The safety, efficacy, convenience and cost-effectiveness
of Millennium's products as compared to competitive products will also affect market acceptance. 

Risks Relating to Millennium's Financial Results and Need for Financing  

Millennium has incurred substantial losses and expects to continue to incur losses. Millennium will not be successful unless it reverses this trend.  

    Millennium has incurred losses in all but two of the years since its inception. Millennium expects to continue to incur substantial operating losses in future
periods. To date, substantially all of Millennium's revenues have resulted from payments from collaborators, and not from the sale of products. 

    Millennium
expects to increase its spending significantly as it continues to expand its infrastructure, research and development programs and commercialization activities. As a
result, Millennium will need to generate significant revenues to pay these costs and achieve profitability. Millennium cannot be certain whether or when it will become profitable because of the
significant uncertainties with respect to its ability to generate revenues from the sale of products and services and from existing and potential future strategic alliances. 

Millennium may need additional financing, which may be difficult to obtain. Millennium's failure to obtain necessary financing or doing so on unattractive terms could adversely
affect its discovery and development programs and other operations.  

    Millennium will require substantial funds to conduct research and development, including preclinical testing and clinical trials of its potential products.
Millennium will also require substantial funds to meet its obligations to its collaborators and maximize the prospective benefits to Millennium from these alliances, manufacture and market any
products and services that are approved for commercial sale and meet its debt service obligations. Additional financing may not be available when Millennium needs it or may not be available on
favorable terms. 

    If
Millennium is unable to obtain adequate funding on a timely basis, it may be required to significantly curtail one or more of its discovery or development programs. Millennium
could be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborators or others that may require Millennium to relinquish rights to certain of its technologies, product candidates or products which
Millennium would otherwise pursue on its own. 

Millennium has entered into an agreement to restructure its interest in CAMPATH; as a result it will no longer have control over the financial success of that
product.  

    On December 31, 2001, ILEX Oncology, Inc. acquired Millennium's equity interest in Millennium & ILEX Partners L.P., which owns the CAMPATH product. In
exchange for this interest, Millennium received an initial cash payment of $20 million on December 31, 2001 and may receive up to an additional $120 million over the next three years if
sales of CAMPATH in the U.S. meet specified sales thresholds. In addition, Millennium will be entitled to additional payments after 2004 based on U.S. sales levels of CAMPATH. There can be no
assurance that Millennium will receive any of the payments that are dependent on sales of CAMPATH. In addition, as a result of the restructuring, Millennium will have no ability to influence the
actions of the entity that owns CAMPATH and, therefore, will have no control over the financial success of CAMPATH. 

Risks Relating to Collaborators  

Millennium depends significantly on its collaborators to develop and commercialize products and services based on Millennium's work. Millennium's business may suffer if any of
its collaborators breaches its agreement or fails to support or terminates its alliance with Millennium.  

    Millennium conducts most of its discovery and development activities through strategic alliances. The success of these programs depends heavily on the efforts
and activities of Millennium's collaborators. Each of Millennium's collaborators has significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to the alliance. Millennium's
existing and any future alliances may not be scientifically or commercially successful. 

    The
risks that Millennium faces in connection with these alliances include: 


All
of Millennium's strategic alliance agreements are subject to termination under various circumstances, including, in many cases, on short notice without
cause. 

In
Millennium's strategic alliance agreements, Millennium generally agrees not to conduct specified types of research and development in the field that is
the subject of the alliance. These agreements may have the effect of limiting the areas of research and development Millennium may pursue, either alone or in collaboration with third parties. 

Millennium's
collaborators may develop and commercialize, either alone or with others, products and services that are similar to or competitive with the
products and services that are the subject of the alliance with Millennium. 

Millennium's
collaborators may change the focus of their development and commercialization efforts. Pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies historically
have re-evaluated their priorities following mergers and consolidations, which have been common in recent years in these industries. 

Millennium
will rely on its collaborators to manufacture most products covered by its alliances. For example, Becton Dickinson has the sole right to
develop, manufacture and commercialize Millennium's Melastatin gene detection product. Therefore, Millennium cannot control the timing of the introduction of this product. 

Millennium may not be successful in establishing additional strategic alliances, which could adversely affect its ability to develop and commercialize products and services.  

    An important element of Millennium's business strategy is entering into strategic alliances for the development and commercialization of products and services
based on its discoveries. Millennium faces significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Moreover, these alliance arrangements are complex to negotiate and time-consuming
to document. Millennium may not be successful in its efforts to establish additional strategic alliances or other alternative arrangements. The terms of any additional strategic alliances or other
arrangements that Millennium establishes may not be favorable to it. Moreover, such strategic alliances or other arrangements may not be successful. 

Risks Relating to Intellectual Property  

If Millennium is unable to obtain patent protection for its discoveries, the value of Millennium's technology and products will be adversely affected. If Millennium infringes
patent or other intellectual property rights of third parties, it may not be able to develop and commercialize its products and services or the cost of doing so may increase.  

    Millennium's patent positions, and those of other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and
factual questions. 

    Millennium's
ability to develop and commercialize products and services depends in significant part on its ability to: 


obtain
patents; 

obtain
licenses to the proprietary rights of others on commercially reasonable terms; 

operate
without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others; 

prevent
others from infringing on Millennium's proprietary rights; and 

protect
trade secrets. 

There is significant uncertainty about the validity and permissible scope of genomics patents in Millennium's industry, which may make it difficult for Millennium to obtain
patent protection for its discoveries.  

    The validity and permissible scope of patent claims in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology fields, including the genomics field, involve important unresolved
legal principles and are the subject of public policy debate in the United States and abroad. For example, there is significant uncertainty both in the United States and abroad regarding the
patentability of gene sequences in the absence of functional data and the scope of patent protection available for full-length genes and partial gene sequences. Moreover, some groups have
made particular gene sequences available in publicly accessible databases. These and other disclosures may adversely affect Millennium's ability to obtain patent protection for gene sequences claimed
by Millennium in patent applications that it files subsequent to such disclosures. There is also some uncertainty as to whether human clinical data will be required for issuance of patents for human
therapeutics. If such data are required, Millennium's ability to obtain patent protection could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

Third parties may own or control patents or patent applications and require Millennium to seek licenses, which could increase Millennium's development and commercialization
costs, or prevent Millennium from developing or marketing its products or services.  

    Millennium may not have rights under some patents or patent applications related to its proposed products, processes or services. Third parties may own or
control these patents and patent applications in the United States and abroad. Therefore, in some cases, such as those described below, to develop, manufacture, sell or import certain of Millennium's
proposed products, processes or services, Millennium or its collaborators may choose to seek, or be required to seek, licenses under third party patents issued in the United States and abroad or those
that might issue from United States and foreign patent applications. In such event, Millennium would be required to pay license fees or royalties or both to the licensor. If licenses are not available
to Millennium on acceptable terms, Millennium or its collaborators may not be able to develop, manufacture, sell or import these products, processes or services. 

    With
respect to Millennium's product candidate LDP-01, Millennium is aware of third party patents and patent applications which relate to certain anti-CD18
antibodies and their use in various methods of treatment including methods of reperfusion therapy and methods of treating focal ischemic stroke. In addition, Millennium's LDP-01 and
LDP-02 product candidates are humanized monoclonal antibodies. Millennium is aware of third party patents and patent applications that relate to certain humanized or modified antibodies,
products useful for making humanized or modified antibodies and processes for making and using humanized or modified antibodies. Millennium is also aware of third party patents and patent applications
relating to certain manufacturing processes, products thereof and materials useful in such processes. Millennium is also aware of third party patent applications and a potentially interfering patent
application relating to anti-PSMA antibodies. 

    Millennium's
product candidates LDP-341 and LDP-519 are small molecule drug candidates. With respect to LDP-341, Millennium is aware of third party
patents or patent applications that relate to 

either intermediates or synthetic processes used in the synthesis of this compound. Additionally, for the use of LDP-341 and LDP-519 in the treatment of infarctions, Millennium
is aware of the existence of a potentially interfering patent application filed by one of its former consultants. Millennium is also aware of third party patents relating to assays relating to the
NFkB pathway. 

Millennium may become involved in expensive patent litigation or other proceedings, which could result in its incurring substantial costs and expenses or substantial liability
for damages or require Millennium to stop its development and commercialization efforts.  

    There has been substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding the patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industries. Millennium may become a party to patent litigation or other proceedings regarding intellectual property rights. For example, Millennium believes that it holds patent applications that
cover genes that are also claimed in patent applications filed by others. Interference proceedings before the United States Patent and Trademark Office may be necessary to establish which party was
the first to invent these genes. 

    The
cost to Millennium of any patent litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in Millennium's favor, could be substantial. Some of Millennium's competitors may be able to
sustain the cost of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than Millennium can because of their substantially greater financial resources. If a patent litigation or other proceeding is
resolved against Millennium, we or its collaborators may be enjoined from developing, manufacturing, selling or importing Millennium's products, processes or services without a license from the other
party and Millennium may be held liable for significant damages. Millennium may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially acceptable terms or at all. 

    Uncertainties
resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on Millennium's ability to compete in the
marketplace. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. 

Risks Relating to Product Manufacturing, Marketing and Sales  

Because Millennium has limited sales, marketing or distribution experience and capabilities, Millennium will depend on third parties to successfully perform these functions on
its behalf or will be required to incur significant costs and devote significant efforts to develop these capabilities.  

    Millennium has limited sales, marketing or distribution experience and capabilities. Millennium plans to rely significantly on sales, marketing and
distribution arrangements with its collaborators and other third parties for the products and services that it is developing. If in the future Millennium elects to perform sales, marketing and
distribution functions itself, it would face a number of additional risks, including the need to recruit experienced marketing and sales personnel. 

Because Millennium has limited manufacturing capabilities, it will be dependent on third-party manufacturers to manufacture products for it or will be required to incur
significant costs and devote significant efforts to establish its own manufacturing facilities and capabilities.  

    Millennium has limited manufacturing experience and no commercial scale manufacturing capabilities. In order to continue to develop products and services,
apply for regulatory approvals and commercialize products and services, Millennium will need to develop, contract for or otherwise arrange for the necessary manufacturing capabilities. 

    Millennium
currently relies upon third parties to produce material for preclinical testing purposes and expects to continue to do so in the future. Millennium also expects to rely
upon other third parties, including its collaborators, to produce materials required for clinical trials and for the commercial production of certain of its products. 

    There
are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under the FDA's good manufacturing practices regulations capable of manufacturing Millennium's products. As a result,
Millennium has 

experienced some difficulty finding manufacturers for its products with adequate capacity for its anticipated future needs. If Millennium is unable to arrange for third party manufacturing of its
products, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, Millennium may not be able to complete development of its products or market them. 

    Reliance
on third party manufacturers entails risks to which Millennium would not be subject if it manufactured products itself, including reliance on the third party for regulatory
compliance and quality assurance, the possibility of breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party because of factors beyond Millennium's control and the possibility of termination or
nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party, based on its own business priorities, at a time that is costly or inconvenient for Millennium. 

    Millennium
may in the future elect to manufacture certain of its products in its own manufacturing facilities. Millennium needs to invest substantial additional funds and need to
recruit qualified personnel in order to build or lease and operate any manufacturing facilities. 

If Millennium fails to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement for its future products or services by third party payors, there may be no commercially viable markets for
Millennium's products or services.  

    The availability and levels of reimbursement by governmental and other third party payors affect the market for any pharmaceutical product or healthcare
service. These third party payors continually attempt to contain or reduce the costs of healthcare by challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. In certain foreign countries,
particularly the countries of the European Union, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. Millennium may not be able to sell its products and services
profitably if reimbursement is unavailable or limited in scope or amount. 

    In
both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system. Further proposals are
likely. The potential for adoption of these proposals affects or will affect Millennium's ability to raise capital, obtain additional collaborators and market its products. 

    Millennium
expects to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of its future products and services due to the trend toward managed health care, the increasing
influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative proposals. 

Ethical, legal and social issues related to genetic testing may cause Millennium's diagnostic products to be rejected by customers or prohibited or curtailed by governmental
authorities.  

    Diagnostic tests that evaluate genetic predisposition to disease raise issues regarding the use and confidentiality of the information provided by such tests.
Insurance carriers and employers might discriminate on the basis of such information, resulting in a significant barrier to the acceptance of such tests by customers. This type of discrimination could
cause governmental authorities to prohibit or limit the use of such tests. 

Millennium faces a risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain insurance.  

    Millennium's business exposes it to the risk of product liability claims that is inherent in the manufacturing, testing and marketing of human therapeutic
products. Although Millennium has product liability and clinical trial liability insurance that it believes is appropriate, this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations.
Millennium may not be able to obtain or maintain adequate protection against potential liabilities. If Millennium is unable to obtain insurance at acceptable cost or otherwise protect against
potential product liability claims, it will be exposed to significant liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect its business and financial position. These liabilities could prevent or
interfere with Millennium's product commercialization efforts. 

Guidelines and recommendations can affect the use of Millennium's products.  

    Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to Millennium and to its products. In addition, professional societies, practice
management groups, private health and science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases from time to time may also publish guidelines or recommendations to the health care and patient
communities. Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups or organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of concomitant therapies.
Recommendations or guidelines that are followed by patients and health care providers could result in decreased use of Millennium's products. 

Risks Relating to COR's Business    

Risks related to COR's drug development and commercialization activities  

If INTEGRILIN does not maintain commercial success, COR will not be able to generate the revenues necessary to support its business.  

    COR's business depends on the commercial success of INTEGRILIN, which has been on the market in the United States since June 1998. Marketing outside the
United States commenced in mid-1999. Although sales of INTEGRILIN have increased since its launch, if sales do not continue to increase over current levels, COR may not achieve sustained
profitability, and COR will be forced to scale back its operations and research and development programs. COR recently revised downward its expectations as to sales of INTEGRILIN for 2001 to $225 to
$230 million worldwide. 

COR may not be able to compete effectively in the cardiovascular disease market.  

    Due to the incidence and severity of cardiovascular diseases, the market for therapeutic products that address these diseases is large, and competition is
intense and expected to increase. COR's most significant competitors are major pharmaceutical companies and more established biotechnology companies. The two products that compete with INTEGRILIN are
ReoPro, which is produced by Johnson & Johnson and sold by Johnson & Johnson and Eli Lilly & Co., and Aggrastat, which is produced and sold by
Merck & Co., Inc. COR's competitors operate large, well-funded cardiovascular research and development programs and have significant expertise in manufacturing, testing,
regulatory matters and marketing. COR also must compete with academic institutions, governmental agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research in the
cardiovascular field, seek patent protection for their discoveries and establish collaborative arrangements for product and clinical development and marketing. 

COR may not be able to obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to market new products and to market INTEGRILIN for additional therapeutic uses.  

    COR must satisfy stringent governmental regulations in order to develop, commercialize and market its products. INTEGRILIN is the only product it has submitted
to the FDA for approval for commercial sale, and INTEGRILIN has been approved for a specific set of therapeutic uses. To grow its business, COR may need to obtain regulatory approval to be able to
promote INTEGRILIN for additional therapeutic uses and to commercialize new product candidates. A company cannot market a pharmaceutical product in the United States until it has completed rigorous
pre-clinical testing and clinical trials of the product and an extensive regulatory clearance process that the FDA implements. It typically takes many years to satisfy regulatory
requirements, depending upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product. The process is very expensive. Of particular significance are the requirements covering research and development, testing,
manufacturing, quality control, labeling and promotion of drugs for human use. 

    Before
COR can receive FDA clearance to market a product, COR must demonstrate that the product is safe and effective for the patient population that will be treated. Preclinical and
clinical data 

are susceptible to varying interpretations that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory clearances. In addition, COR may encounter delays or rejections from additional government regulation, from
future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and FDA regulatory review. Failure to comply with applicable FDA or other
applicable regulatory requirements may result in criminal prosecution, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production or injunction, as well as other
regulatory action against COR's potential products or COR. If a product receives regulatory clearance, its marketing will be limited to those disease states and conditions for which clinical trials
demonstrate that the product is
safe and effective. Any compound COR develops may not prove to be safe and effective in clinical trials and may fail to meet all of the regulatory requirements needed to receive marketing clearance. 

    Outside
the United States, COR's ability to market a product depends on COR receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. This foreign regulatory
approval process includes all of the risks associated with FDA clearance described above. Schering Plough Ltd. and Schering Corporation, referred to together as Schering, has applied for an expanded
marketing authorization for INTEGRILIN in the European Union. A payment from Schering to COR is due upon approval of the expanded marketing authorization. The timing of any approval, and any related
payment, is uncertain. If Schering is unable to obtain approval for the expanded marketing authorization, continued commercialization of INTEGRILIN in the European Union will be impaired and COR will
not receive the related payment from Schering or be able to record the anticipated revenue. 

COR depends on its collaborative relationship with Schering to market and sell INTEGRILIN, and COR's business will suffer if Schering fails to perform under the collaboration.  

    COR's strategy is to work with collaborative partners to develop product candidates and commercialize products. Generally, collaborations with established
pharmaceutical companies provide funding for product development and the benefit of an established sales and marketing organization. In particular, COR's ability to successfully commercialize
INTEGRILIN depends on its collaboration with Schering. Under this collaboration, Schering has agreed to: 


co-market
INTEGRILIN with COR in the United States and market the product as COR's exclusive licensee outside the United States; 

share
profits and losses in the United States and pay royalties to COR on sales of INTEGRILIN outside the United States; 

provide
manufacturing and manufacturing support services; 

design
and conduct advanced clinical trials; 

fund
promotional activities with COR; and 

pay
COR fees upon achievement of certain milestones. 

    Schering's
performance under the collaboration is outside COR's control. If Schering fails to perform its obligations diligently and in a timely manner, commercialization of
INTEGRILIN will be impaired and COR's business may not be profitable. 

If COR does not establish additional collaborative relationships, its ability to develop and commercialize new products will be impaired.  

    In addition to INTEGRILIN, COR has various product candidates in pre-clinical and clinical trials and other product candidates in various stages of
research and development. COR is a party to numerous research agreements related to these product candidates, most of which do not contemplate taking a product candidate through development and
commercialization. COR will need to enter into additional collaborations to develop and commercialize these and additional product candidates. COR faces significant competition in seeking appropriate
collaborative partners. Negotiating these 

arrangements is complex and time consuming. If COR is successful in establishing a collaboration, the collaboration may not be successful. If COR fails to establish collaborative partnerships for its
product candidates, COR may have to terminate, delay or cut back development programs. 

If COR's clinical trials are unsuccessful, or if they experience significant delays, COR's ability to commercialize products will be impaired.  

    COR must provide the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities with pre-clinical and clinical data that demonstrate that its products are safe and
effective before they can be approved for commercial sale. Clinical development, including pre-clinical testing, is a long, expensive and uncertain process. It may take COR several years
to complete its testing, and failure can occur at any stage of testing. Interim results of pre-clinical or clinical studies do not necessarily predict their final results, and acceptable
results in early studies might not be seen in later studies. Any pre-clinical or clinical test may fail to produce results satisfactory to the FDA. Pre-clinical and clinical
data can be interpreted in different ways, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Negative or inconclusive results from a pre-clinical study or clinical trial or adverse
medical events during a clinical trial could cause a pre-clinical study or clinical trial to be repeated or a program to be terminated, even if other studies or trials relating to the
program are successful. 

    COR
may not complete its planned pre-clinical or clinical trials on schedule or at all. In addition, due to the substantial demand for clinical trial sites in the
cardiovascular area, COR may have difficulty obtaining a sufficient number of appropriate patients or clinician support to conduct its clinical trials as planned. If so, COR may have to expend
substantial additional funds to obtain access to resources or
delay or modify its plans significantly. COR's product development costs will increase if it has delays in testing or approvals. Significant clinical trial delays could allow COR's competitors to
bring products to market before COR does and impair COR's ability to commercialize its product or potential products. Even if regulators approve a product for marketing, it may not be commercially
successful. 

If COR's manufacturers fail to deliver sufficient quantities of INTEGRILIN or product candidates on schedule, it may be unable to meet demand for INTEGRILIN and may experience
delays in product development.  

    COR has no manufacturing facilities and, accordingly, relies on third parties and Schering for clinical and commercial production of INTEGRILIN and for
clinical production of product candidates. COR has two manufacturers that produce bulk product, and two manufacturers, one of which is Schering at its Manati facility in Puerto Rico, to perform
fill/finish and packaging of INTEGRILIN. COR has additional manufacturers producing product candidates for clinical trials. COR relies on its contract manufacturers to deliver INTEGRILIN and product
candidates that have been manufactured in accordance with Current Good Manufacturing Practices and other applicable regulations. 

    If
the third-party manufacturers or suppliers were to cease production or otherwise fail to supply COR, or if COR were unable to renew its manufacturing contracts or contract for
additional manufacturing services on acceptable terms, or if Schering and its other contract manufacturers were to fail to adhere to Current Good Manufacturing Practices, COR's ability to produce
INTEGRILIN and to conduct pre-clinical testing and clinical trials of product candidates would be impaired. If COR does not have adequate supplies of INTEGRILIN to meet market demand, it
may lose potential revenues, and the healthcare community may turn to competing products. If COR cannot obtain adequate supplies of product candidates for pre-clinical and clinical trials,
regulatory approval and development of product candidates may be delayed. Fill/finish and packaging of INTEGRILIN at the Schering Manati facility for sale in the United States is in abeyance pending
resolution of issues to be addressed by COR and Schering relating to production processes and procedures. 

COR's ability to generate revenues will be diminished if it fails to obtain acceptable prices or an adequate level of reimbursement from third party payors.  

    Healthcare insurers, including the United States Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, managed care providers, private health insurers and other
organizations set aggregate dollar amounts that they will reimburse to hospitals for the medicines and care the hospitals administer to treat particular conditions. These insurers adjust the amounts
periodically, and could lower the amount that they will reimburse hospitals to treat the conditions for which the FDA has approved INTEGRILIN. If they do, pricing levels or sales volumes of INTEGRILIN
may decrease and cause a reduction in sales and a loss of potential revenues. In foreign markets a number of different governmental and private entities
determine the level at which hospitals will be reimbursed for administering INTEGRILIN to insured patients. If these levels are set, or reset, too low, it may not be possible to sell INTEGRILIN at a
profit in these markets. Each of COR's product candidates, if approved for marketing, will face the same risk. 

If COR is unable to protect its patents and proprietary rights, it may not be able to compete successfully.  

    COR relies on patent and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products and processes because of the long development time, uncertainty and
high cost associated with bringing a new product to the marketplace. COR's success will depend in part on its ability to obtain and enforce patent protection for its technology both in the United
States and other countries. While COR is seeking and/or maintaining patents for INTEGRILIN and its product candidates, patents may not be issued, and issued patents may afford limited or no
protection. 

    COR
may be required to obtain licenses to patents or other proprietary rights from third parties. Licenses required under any patents or proprietary rights may not be made available
on terms acceptable to COR, if at all. If COR does not obtain required licenses, it may encounter delays in product development while attempting to redesign products or methods or it could find the
development, manufacture or sale of such products requiring licenses to be foreclosed. Further, COR could incur substantial costs in defending any patent litigation brought against it or in asserting
its patent rights, including those rights licensed to COR by others. 

If product liability lawsuits are successfully brought against COR, it may incur substantial liabilities.  

    The testing, marketing and sale of human pharmaceutical products expose COR to significant and unpredictable risks of product liability claims in the event
that the use of its technology or products is alleged to have resulted in adverse effects. COR's products are administered to patients with serious cardiovascular disease who have a high incidence of
mortality. A successful product liability suit against COR could impair its financial condition and force it to limit commercialization of products. 

If COR does not attract and retain key employees and consultants, its business could be impaired.  

    COR is highly dependent on the principal members of its scientific and management staff and its sales force. In addition, it relies on consultants to assist it
in formulating its research and development strategy. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel is critical to COR's success. Competition for scientific and managerial personnel is particularly
intense in the San Francisco Bay Area where COR, together with numerous other life sciences companies, universities and research institutions, maintain its operations. Failure to continue to attract
these individuals, or the loss of key personnel, could impair the progress of COR's programs. 

Risks related to COR's finances  

COR has a history of annual operating losses and is uncertain of future profitability.  

    Historically, COR's expenses have exceeded its revenues. As of September 30, 2001, COR had an accumulated deficit of $230,662,000. The extent of future
losses and timing of future profitability are uncertain, even taking into account COR's co-promotion revenues derived from sales of INTEGRILIN by Schering. COR continues to incur
significant expenses for research and development and to develop, train, maintain and manage its sales force, and these expenses have exceeded its share of INTEGRILIN product revenues. COR may never
achieve ongoing profitability. 

If COR should need additional funds beyond its existing capital resources and fail to obtain them, COR will be unable to successfully develop and commercialize products.  

    COR may require significant additional funds beyond its existing capital resources to market INTEGRILIN and conduct the costly and time-consuming
research, pre-clinical testing and clinical trials necessary to develop and optimize its technology and potential products, to establish manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities for
product candidates and to bring any such products to market. COR may raise these funds through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or additional corporate collaborations and licensing
arrangements. COR may find that additional funding may not be available to it when needed, on acceptable terms or at all. 

    If
COR raises capital by issuing equity securities, its stockholders may experience dilution. To the extent COR raises additional funds through collaborative arrangements, it may be
required to relinquish some rights to its technologies or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to COR. If COR is unable to obtain adequate funding when needed,
commercialization of INTEGRILIN may be impaired, and it may be required to curtail one or more development programs. 

COR's indebtedness and debt service obligations may adversely affect its cash flow.  

    At September 30, 2001, COR had $601,707,000 of outstanding debt, including primarily its convertible senior and subordinated notes. During each of the
last five years, its earnings were insufficient to cover its fixed charges. During each of the next three years, COR will be required to make interest payments on its convertible senior and
subordinated notes totaling approximately $28,500,000. If COR is unable to generate sufficient cash to meet these obligations and has to use existing cash or investments, it may have to delay or
curtail research and development programs. 

    COR
intends to fulfill its debt service obligations both from cash generated by its operations and from its existing cash and investments. COR may add additional lease lines to
finance capital expenditures and may obtain additional long-term debt and lines of credit. 

    COR's
indebtedness could have significant additional negative consequences, including: 


increasing
its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limiting
its ability to obtain additional financing; 

requiring
the dedication of a substantial portion of its expected cash flow from operations to service its indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of its
expected cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures; 

limiting
its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry in which it competes; and 

placing
it at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that have better access to capital resources. 

    In
addition, at final maturity of the notes or in the event of acceleration of the notes following an event of default, the entire principal amount of the notes will become due and
payable, and in the event of a change of control of Millennium following the merger, Millennium may be required to offer to redeem the notes. The combined company may not have sufficient funds and may
be unable to arrange for additional financing to pay these amounts when they become due. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    

    This joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference contain "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on the beliefs and assumptions of
management of Millennium and COR. When we use words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates," "should," "likely" or similar expressions, we are making
forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of Millennium or COR, including those set forth
under the sections entitled: 


"Questions
and Answers About the Merger;"


"Summary;"


"Risk
Factors;"


"Selected
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data;"


"The
MergerBackground of the Merger;"


"The
MergerCOR's Reasons for the Merger;"


"The
MergerMillennium's Reasons for the Merger;"


"The
MergerOpinion of Millennium's Financial AdvisorMorgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated;" and


"The
MergerOpinion of COR's Financial AdvisorGoldman Sachs & Co." 

    Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The future results and stockholder values of Millennium or COR may
differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Many of the important factors that will determine these results and values are beyond Millennium's or COR's ability to control
or predict. Stockholders are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. For those statements, Millennium and COR claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Except as otherwise required by law, Millennium and COR do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements. 

    There
are important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of some of these important
factors, you should read carefully the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "Risk Factors." 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF MILLENNIUM    

    The following selected consolidated financial data for the five years ended December 31, 2000 which have been audited by Ernst &
Young LLP, independent auditors, are derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Millennium, including the financial statements as of December 31, 1999 and 2000 and for
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000 which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The financial data for the nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2000 and 2001 are derived from unaudited financial statements. The unaudited financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, which
Millennium considers necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position and the results of operations for these periods. Operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2001
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year ending December 31, 2001. The data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements, related notes, and other financial information incorporated by reference herein. 

Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
  Selected Financial Data    

Year Ended December 31,

Nine Months Ended

September 30,

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:

Revenue under strategic alliances

$

31,764

$

89,933

$

133,682

$

183,679

$

196,269

$

137,583

$

191,605

Costs and expenses:

Research and development

34,803

74,828

114,190

159,877

268,740

190,894

285,945

General and administrative

7,973

16,517

24,419

32,896

49,315

34,319

53,948

Amortization of intangibles



2,397

2,702

3,816

55,123

38,611

48,010

Acquired in-process R&D



83,800



350,503







42,776

177,542

141,311

547,092

373,178

263,824

387,903

Loss from operations

(11,012

)

(87,609

)

(7,629

)

(363,413

)

(176,909

)

(126,241

)

(196,298

)

Other income (expense), net

2,244

6,387

17,967

11,453

29,834

11,135

73,831

Debt conversion expense

(54,852

)

(49,332

)

(2,567

)

Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (1)

(8,768

)

(81,222

)

10,338

(351,960

)

(201,927

)

(164,438

)

(125,034

)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (1)









(107,692

)

(107,692

)



Net income (loss)

(8,768

)

(81,222

)

10,338

(351,960

)

(309,619

)

(272,130

)

(125,034

)

Deemed preferred stock dividend







(27,944

)

(45,668

)

(45,668

)



Net income (loss) attributable to stockholders

$

(8,768

)

$

(81,222

)

$

10,338

$

(379,904

)

$

(355,287

)

$

(317,798

)

$

(125,034

)

Amounts per common share:

Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in

accounting principle, basic (2, 3)

$

(0.10

)

$

(0.72

)

$

0.09

$

(2.42

)

$

(1.05

)

$

(0.88

)

$

(0.57

)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle









(0.56

)

(0.58

)



Deemed preferred stock dividend







(0.19

)

(0.23

)

(0.24

)



Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders, basic (2,3)

$

(0.10

)

$

(0.72

)

$

0.09

$

(2.61

)

$

(1.84

)

$

(1.70

)

$

(0.57

)

Weighted average shares, basic (2,3)

86,788

113,292

121,276

145,412

192,835

186,434

217,766

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders, diluted (2,3)

$

(0.10

)

$

(0.72

)

$

0.08

$

(2.61

)

$

(1.84

)

$

(1.70

)

$

(0.57

)

Weighted average shares, diluted (2,3)

86,788

113,292

126,032

145,412

192,835

186,434

217,766

As of December 31,

As of September 30,

(in thousands)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities

$

63,848

$

96,557

$

190,964

$

261,716

$

1,452,367

$

1,527,702

Total assets

87,744

144,513

257,954

541,625

1,811,922

1,895,732

Capital lease obligations, net of current portion

9,308

19,809

24,827

27,488

29,369

32,086

Long-term debt, net of current portion









95,927

83,325

Stockholders' equity

66,639

91,755

206,362

439,406

1,462,283

1,580,750

Note 1: The cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is a one-time, noncash charge relating
to Millennium's adoption of Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"). SAB 101 was issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in December 1999. SAB 101 provides
guidance related to revenue recognition policies based on interpretations and practices followed by the SEC. The impact of Millennium's adoption of SAB 101 was to defer revenue recognition for certain
portions of the revenue previously recognized by Millennium under its strategic alliances into future accounting periods. Refer to Note 6 of the 2000 audited financial statements. 

Note 2: Earnings per share for 1996 are presented on a pro forma basiscommon shares and common share
equivalents issued by Millennium during the twelve-month period prior to the initial public offering of Millennium's common stock in May 1996 have been included in the calculations as if they were
outstanding for all periods prior to the offering whether or not they were antidilutive. Historical earnings per share for 1996 has not been presented since such amount is not deemed meaningful due to
the significant change in Millennium's capital structure that occurred in connection with Millennium's initial public offering. 

Note 3: All per share data have been restated to reflect the two-for-one stock splits of
Millennium's common stock that became effective on April 18, 2000 and October 4, 2000. 

SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF COR    

    The following selected financial data for the five years ended December 31, 2000 are derived from the financial statements of COR, which have been
audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, including the financial statements as of December 31, 1999 and 2000 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2000 which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The financial data as of September 30, 2001 and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2000
and 2001 are derived from unaudited financial statements. The unaudited financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, which COR considers necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial position and the results of operations for these periods. Operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2001 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for the entire year ending December 31, 2001. The data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, related notes, and other financial
information incorporated by reference herein. 

COR Therapeutics, Inc.
  Selected Financial Data    

Year Ended December 31,

Nine Months Ended

September 30,

1998 (1)

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Statement of Operations Data:

Total contract revenues

$

18,755

$

22,190

$

41,963

$

56,658

$

104,741

$

72,891

$

93,866

Milestone revenue

9,000

8,000

32,000

12,000







Total expenses

58,094

57,898

73,192

85,052

126,353

93,782

96,577

Loss from operations

(39,339

)

(35,708

)

(31,229

)

(28,394

)

(21,612

)

(20,891

)

(2,711

)

Net income (loss)

(36,546

)

(33,492

)

(27,614

)

(26,070

)

(16,651

)

(17,659

)

1,223

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (2)

(0.93

)

(0.80

)

(0.57

)

(0.53

)

(0.31

)

(0.33

)

0.02

As of December 31,

As of September 30,

1998 (1)

(in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

$

53,134

$

82,569

$

75,205

$

45,753

$

339,878

$

633,275

Total assets

71,245

95,385

103,093

93,547

425,146

758,706

Long-term obligations (3)

3,365

2,817

3,261

2,925

301,659

601,431

Total liabilities

20,803

16,987

48,497

56,791

377,015

699,404

Accumulated deficit

(128,058

)

(161,550

)

(189,164

)

(215,234

)

(231,885

)

(230,662

)

(1)
INTEGRILIN
(eptifibatide) Injection was launched with Schering in June 1998 in the United States.

(2)
As
adjusted to give effect to the two-for-one stock split effected on August 15, 2000 by means of a stock dividend.

(3)
Includes
$300,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.0% convertible subordinated notes issued in February 2000 and $300,000 aggregrate principal amount of 4.5% convertible
senior notes issued in June and July 2001. 

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA    

    The following table presents selected unaudited pro forma combined financial data of Millennium and COR as of September 30, 2001 and for the year ended
December 31, 2000 and the nine months ended September 30, 2001, giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred as of January 1, 2000 for the statement of operations data and as
of September 30, 2001 for the balance sheet data. The data have been prepared giving effect to the merger under the purchase method of accounting, whereby the total cost of the acquisition has
been preliminarily allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated respective fair values at the effective date of the acquisition. This
information should be read in conjunction with the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The selected
unaudited pro forma combined financial data are presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that would have been achieved
had the merger been consummated as of the dates indicated or that may be achieved in the future. 

Year Ended

December 31, 2000

Nine Months Ended

September 30, 2001

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Statement of Operations Data:

Revenues

$

301,010

$

285,471

Costs and expenses

540,044

514,961

Loss from operations

(239,034

)

(229,490

)

Other income, net

34,795

77,790

Debt conversion expense

(54,852

)

(2,567

)

Income (loss) before income taxes

(259,091

)

(154,267

)

Income tax benefit (provision)

86,224

(25

)

Deemed preferred stock dividend

(45,668

)



Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle(1)

$

(218,535

)

$

(154,292

)

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, basic

$

(0.88

)

$

(0.56

)

Shares used in computing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, basic

249,068

273,999

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, diluted

$

(0.88

)

$

(0.56

)

Shares used in computing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, diluted

249,068

273,999

As of

September 30, 2001

(in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities

$

2,101,835

Total assets

4,161,819

Long-term debt, net of current portion

716,158

Stockholders' equity

3,180,669

Note 1: The cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is a one-time, noncash charge relating
to Millennium's adoption of Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"). SAB 101 was issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in December 1999. SAB 101 provides
guidance related to revenue recognition policies based on interpretations and practices followed by the SEC. The impact of Millennium's adoption of SAB 101 was to defer revenue recognition for certain
portions of the revenue previously recognized by Millennium under its strategic alliances into future accounting periods. Refer to Note 6 of Millennium's 2000 audited financial statements. 

UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA    

    The following tables present (a) the basic and diluted income per share and book value per share data for each of Millennium and COR on a historical
basis, (b) the historical basic and diluted net income per share and book value per share for the combined company on a pro forma basis and (c) the historical basic and diluted net
income per share and book value per share for COR on an equivalent pro forma combined basis. The unaudited pro forma combined financial data are not necessarily indicative of the operating results
that would have been achieved had the transaction been in effect as of the beginning of the periods and should not be construed as representative of future operations. Neither Millennium nor COR
declared any cash dividends for the periods presented below. 

    We
calculate historical book value per share by dividing stockholders' equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the end of each period. 

    We
calculate pro forma book value per share by dividing pro forma stockholders' equity by the pro forma number of shares of Millennium common stock which would have been outstanding
had the
merger been consummated as of each balance sheet date. Pro forma combined net income, pro forma stockholders' equity and the pro forma number of shares of Millennium common stock outstanding have been
derived from unaudited pro forma financial statements appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

    We
calculate the equivalent pro forma combined amounts by multiplying the pro forma combined per share amounts by the exchange ratio of 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock
for each share of COR common stock. 

Year Ended

December 31, 2000

Nine Months Ended

September 30, 2001

MillenniumHistorical

Income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle per common share(1):

Basic

$

(1.28

)

$

(0.57

)

Diluted

$

(1.28

)

$

(0.57

)

Book value per share at period end

$

6.83

$

7.15

CORHistorical

Income (loss) per common share:

Basic

$

(0.31

)

$

0.02

Diluted

$

(0.31

)

$

0.02

Book value per share at period end

$

0.88

$

1.07

Millennium/CORPro Forma Combined

Income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle per common share(1):

Basic

$

(0.88

)

$

(0.56

)

Diluted

$

(0.88

)

$

(0.56

)

Book value per share at period end

$

11.33

$

11.47

COREquivalent Pro Forma

Per share data imputed to existing stockholders

Income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle per common share(1):

Basic

$

(0.87

)

$

(0.55

)

Diluted

$

(0.87

)

$

(0.55

)

Book value per share at period end

$

11.19

$

11.32

Note 1: The cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is a one-time, noncash charge relating
to Millennium's adoption of Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"). SAB 101 was issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in December 1999. SAB 101 provides
guidance related to revenue recognition policies based on interpretations and practices followed by the SEC. The impact of Millennium's adoption of SAB 101 was to defer revenue recognition for certain
portions of the revenue previously recognized by Millennium under its strategic alliances into future accounting periods. Refer to Note 6 of Millennium's 2000 audited financial statements. 

MARKET PRICE INFORMATION    

Millennium Market Price Information  

    Millennium common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "MLNM" since May 6, 1996. 

    The
table below sets forth the range of intraday high and low prices of Millennium common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market beginning with the year ended
December 31, 2000. These prices have been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock splits of Millennium common stock effected on April 18, 2000 and
October 4, 2000. 

High

Low

Fiscal 2000

Quarter ended March 31, 2000

$

79.00

$

26.87

Quarter ended June 30, 2000

72.71

23.75

Quarter ended September 30, 2000

81.12

47.12

Quarter ended December 31, 2000

89.81

41.12

Fiscal 2001

Quarter ended March 31, 2001

$

63.50

$

21.06

Quarter ended June 30, 2001

45.00

23.60

Quarter ended September 30, 2001

35.23

15.63

Quarter ended December 31, 2001

36.25

17.52

Fiscal 2002

Quarter ending March 31, 2002 (through January 4, 2002)

24.76

22.49

As
of January 2, 2002 Millennium had 723 record holders of its common stock. 

COR Market Price Information  

    COR common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "CORR" since June 27, 1991. 

    The
table below sets forth the range of intraday high and low prices of COR common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market beginning with the year ended December 31,
2000. These prices have been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock split of COR common stock effected on August 15, 2000. 

High

Low

Fiscal 2000

Quarter ended March 31, 2000

$

51.93

$

11.75

Quarter ended June 30, 2000

44.90

21.50

Quarter ended September 30, 2000

67.25

37.71

Quarter ended December 31, 2000

62.62

30.56

Fiscal 2001

Quarter ended March 31, 2001

$

44.93

$

17.50

Quarter ended June 30, 2001

39.73

19.75

Quarter ended September 30, 2001

31.01

20.57

Quarter ended December 31, 2001

29.55

18.25

Fiscal 2002

Quarter ended March 31, 2002 (through January 4, 2002)

24.19

21.95

As
of January 2, 2002 COR had 374 record holders of its common stock. 

Recent Closing Prices  

    The following table sets forth the closing prices per share of Millennium common stock and COR common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on
December 5, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement of the merger agreement, and January 4, 2002, the last full trading day for which closing prices were
available at the time of the printing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This table also sets forth the equivalent price per share of COR common stock on those dates. The equivalent price per
share is equal to the closing price of a share of Millennium common stock on that date multiplied by 0.9873, the exchange ratio in the merger. 

Date

Millennium

Common

Stock

COR

Common

Stock

Equivalent

per

Share Price

December 5, 2001

$

35.45

$

19.74

$

35.00

January 4, 2002

$

24.05

$

23.45

$

23.75

Dividends  

    Since Millennium became a public company on May 6, 1996, it has not declared or paid cash dividends and does not intend to pay any cash dividends on its
capital stock in the foreseeable future. Millennium's future dividend policy will depend on its earnings, capital requirements and financial condition and the requirements of the financing agreements
to which it may be a party, and on other factors considered relevant by its board of directors. 

    Since
COR became a public company on June 27, 1991, it has not declared or paid cash dividends and does not intend to pay any cash dividends on its capital stock in the
foreseeable future. If the merger does not occur, COR currently intends to retain earnings. COR's future dividend policy will depend on its earnings, capital requirements and financial condition and
the requirements of the financing
agreements to which it may be a party, and on other factors considered relevant by its board of directors. 

THE COR SPECIAL MEETING    

    COR is furnishing this document to holders of COR common stock in connection with the solicitation by the COR board of directors of proxies to be voted at the
special meeting of COR stockholders to be held on Tuesday, February 12, 2002, and at any adjournment, postponement or continuation of the meeting. 

    This
document is first being mailed to COR stockholders on or about January 11, 2002. This document is also furnished to COR stockholders as a prospectus in connection with the
issuance by Millennium of shares of Millennium common stock as contemplated by the merger agreement. 

Date, Time and Place of Meeting  

    The special meeting will be held on Tuesday, February 12, 2002 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the Embassy Suites Hotel, 250 Gateway Boulevard,
South San Francisco, California 94080. 

What Will Be Voted Upon  

    At the special meeting, stockholders of COR will be asked to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger with Millennium, pursuant to which a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium will be merged with and into COR and each outstanding share of COR will be converted into the right to receive 0.9873 of a share of common stock of Millennium. 

Record Date and Outstanding Shares  

    Only stockholders of record of COR common stock at the close of business on the January 2, 2002 record date for the special meeting are entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting. Each COR stockholder is entitled to one vote for each share of COR common stock held as of the close of business on the record date. At the close of
business on the record date, there were 55,746,079 shares of COR common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, held by 374 holders of record. All of COR's directors and executive
officers, including those who have entered into voting agreements
with Millennium, were entitled to vote less than 1% of the outstanding shares of COR common stock as of January 2, 2002, the record date of the special meeting of COR stockholders. 

Vote Required to Adopt the Merger Agreement and Approve the Merger  

    Under Delaware law, holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of COR common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting must vote in favor of adopting
the merger agreement. Shaun R. Coughlin, M.D., Ph.D., James T. Doluisio, Ph.D., Ginger L. Graham, Charles J. Homcy, M.D., Jerry T. Jackson, Vaughn M. Kailian, Ernest Mario, Ph.D., Michael G.
McCaffery, Lee M. Rauch and Peter S. Roddy, all of whom are directors or officers of COR, have agreed to vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger. Collectively,
the shares of COR common stock held by these stockholders represented less than 1% of the outstanding shares of COR common stock on January 2, 2002, the record date for the special
meeting of COR stockholders. 

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes  

    The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the special meeting must be present in person or represented by proxy to constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists. 

    If
you hold your shares of COR common stock through a broker, bank or other nominee, generally the nominee may only vote your COR common stock in accordance with your instructions.
However, if your broker, bank or other nominee has not timely received your instructions, it may vote on matters for which it has discretionary voting authority. Brokers will not have discretionary
voting authority to vote on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. If a 

nominee cannot vote on a matter because it did not timely receive your instructions and does not have discretionary voting authority, this is a "broker non-vote" on that matter. 

    For
purposes of the vote with respect to the merger agreement required under Delaware law, a failure to vote, a vote to abstain and a broker non-vote will each have the
same legal effect as a vote against adoption of the merger agreement. 

Voting and Revocation of Proxies  

    The COR proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited on behalf of the COR board of directors. COR stockholders are requested to
complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the accompanying envelope. If your shares of COR common stock are registered in street name, your broker may offer telephone
and Internet voting options. You should check the information forwarded by your broker, bank or other nominee to see which options are available. Please see the accompanying proxy for more
information. 

    All
properly executed proxies received by COR prior to the special meeting that are not revoked will be voted at the special meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated on
the proxies, or, if no direction is indicated, will be voted in favor of adoption of the merger agreement. A COR stockholder who has given a proxy may revoke it at any time before it is exercised at
the special meeting by: 


delivering
to the secretary of COR a written notice, bearing a date later than the date of proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked; 

signing
and delivering a proxy relating to the same shares and bearing a later date than the date of the previous proxy prior to the vote at the special
meeting; or 

attending
the special meeting and voting in person. 

    However,
if you as a COR stockholder elect to vote in person at the special meeting and your shares are held by a broker, bank or other nominee, you must bring to the special meeting
a proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee authorizing you to vote the shares. 

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses  

    COR and Millennium will share the costs, other than fees of accountants and attorneys, of preparing and mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and COR
will bear the other costs of the solicitation of proxies from its stockholders. Following the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, COR and its agents may solicit proxies by mail,
telephone or in person. COR has retained a proxy solicitation firm, D. F. King & Co., Inc., to aid in the solicitation of proxies. COR will pay that firm an estimated fee of $10,000,
plus reimbursement of expenses. In addition, brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries will send beneficial owners the proxy materials. COR will, upon request, reimburse those
brokerage houses and custodians for their reasonable expenses. COR urges its stockholders to vote proxies without delay. 

Board Recommendation  

    COR's board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and has determined that the merger agreement and the merger are advisable and fair to,
and in the best interests of, COR's stockholders. Therefore, COR's board of directors recommends that COR stockholders vote FOR adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger. 

THE MILLENNIUM SPECIAL MEETING    

    Millennium is furnishing this document to holders of Millennium common stock in connection with the solicitation by the Millennium board of directors of
proxies to be voted at the special meeting of Millennium stockholders to be held on Tuesday, February 12, 2002, and any adjournment, postponement or continuation of the meeting. 

    This
document is first being mailed to Millennium stockholders on or about January 11, 2002. 

Date, Time and Place of Meeting  

    The special meeting will be held on Tuesday, February 12, 2002, at 1:00 p.m., local time, at Hale and Dorr LLP, 60 State Street, Boston,
Massachusetts 02109. 

What Will Be Voted Upon  

    At the special meeting, stockholders of Millennium will be asked to approve the issuance of 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock for each share of COR
common stock in the merger and to transact any other business that may be properly brought before the special meeting or any adjournments, postponements or continuations of that meeting. 

Record Date and Outstanding Shares  

    Only stockholders of record of Millennium common stock at the close of business on the January 2, 2002 record date for the special meeting are entitled
to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting. Each Millennium stockholder is entitled to one vote for each share of Millennium common stock held as of the close of business on the record date. At
the close of business on the record date, there were 224,290,648 shares of Millennium common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, held by 723 holders of record. All of
Millennium's directors and executive officers, including those who have entered into voting agreements with COR, are entitled to vote approximately 2.2% of the outstanding
shares of Millennium common stock as of January 2, 2002, the record date of the special meeting of Millennium stockholders. 

How to Vote  

    If you are a stockholder of Millennium and your shares are registered directly in your name, you may vote: 


By Internet.
 Access the website of our tabulator, EquiServe, at www.eproxyvote.com/mlnm, using the voter
control number that we have printed on the enclosed proxy card. Your shares will be voted in accordance with your instructions. You must specify how you want your shares voted or your Internet vote
cannot be completed and you will receive an error message.


By Telephone.
 Call 1-877 PRX-VOTE
(1-877-779-8683) toll-free from the U.S. and Canada and follow the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. Your shares will be voted in accordance with
your instructions. You must specify how you want your shares voted or your telephone vote cannot be completed.


By Mail.
 Complete and mail the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage prepaid envelope to EquiServe.
Your proxy will be voted in accordance with your instructions. If you sign and return the enclosed proxy but do not specify how you want your shares voted, they will be voted in favor of the issuance
of Millennium common stock in the merger.


In Person at the Meeting.
 If you attend the meeting, you may deliver your completed proxy card in person or
you may vote by completing a ballot, which will be available at the meeting. 

    If
your shares of Millennium common stock are held in "street name" (held for your account by a broker or other nominee): 


By Internet or By Telephone.
 You will receive instructions from your broker or other nominee
if you are permitted to vote by Internet or telephone.


By Mail.
 You will receive instructions from your broker or other nominee explaining how to
vote your shares.


In Person at the Meeting.
 Contact the broker or other nominee who holds your shares to
obtain a broker's proxy card and bring it with you to the meeting. 

Vote Required to Approve the Issuance  

    Millennium stockholder approval of the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger is required under the rules of the Nasdaq National Market, on which
Millennium's common stock is listed, because the number of shares of Millennium common stock to be issued in the merger will exceed 20% of the number of shares of Millennium common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the merger. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Millennium common stock present or represented by proxy and voting on the proposal is required to
approve the issuance of Millennium common stock in connection with the merger. Eugene Cordes, John B. Douglas III, A. Grant Heidrich III, Raju S. Kucherlapati, Eric S. Lander, Mark J. Levin, John
Maraganore, Linda K. Pine, Kevin P. Starr and Robert Tepper, all of whom are directors or officers of Millennium, have agreed to vote in favor of the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger.
Collectively, the shares of Millennium common stock held by these stockholders represented approximately 2.2% of the outstanding shares of Millennium common stock on January 2, 2002, the record
date for the special meeting of Millennium stockholders. 

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes  

    The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the special meeting must be present in person or represented by proxy to constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists. 

    If
you hold your shares of Millennium common stock through a broker, bank or other nominee, generally the nominee may only vote your Millennium common stock in accordance with your
instructions. However, if your broker, bank or other nominee has not timely received your instructions, it may vote on matters for which it has discretionary voting authority. Brokers will not have
discretionary voting authority to vote on the proposal to issue the Millennium common stock in the merger. As a result, absent specific instructions from the beneficial owner of shares held in street
name, brokers are not empowered to vote these shares to approve the proposed issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. 

    Since
the required vote to approve the issuance of Millennium common stock in connection with the merger is based on the number of shares present or represented by proxy and voting at
the special
meeting, rather than outstanding shares, abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the proposal assuming a quorum is present. 

Voting and Revocation of Proxies  

    The Millennium proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited on behalf of the Millennium board of directors. All proxies received by
Millennium prior to the special meeting that are not revoked will be voted at the special meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxies or transmitted over the Internet or by
telephone. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you want to vote, your proxy will be voted to approve the issuance of 

Millennium common stock in the merger. Millennium's board of directors does not presently intend to bring any other business before the special meeting. As to any other business that may properly come
before the special meeting, the persons named as proxies in the accompanying Millennium proxy will vote those proxies in accordance with their judgment. A Millennium stockholder who has given a proxy
may revoke it at any time before it is exercised at the special meeting by: 


delivering
to the secretary of Millennium a written notice, bearing a date later than the date of the proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked;


signing
and delivering a proxy relating to the same shares and bearing a later date than the date of the previous proxy prior to the vote at the special
meeting;


transmitting
a subsequent vote over the Internet or by telephone; or


attending
the special meeting and voting in person. 

    However,
if you as a Millennium stockholder elect to vote in person at the special meeting and your shares are held by a broker, bank or other nominee, you must bring to the special
meeting a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee authorizing you to vote the shares. 

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses  

    Millennium and COR will share the costs, other than fees of accountants and attorneys, of preparing and mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and
Millennium will bear the other costs of the solicitation of proxies from its stockholders. Following the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Millennium and its agents may solicit proxies
by mail, telephone or in person. Millennium has retained a proxy solicitation firm, D. F. King & Co., Inc., to aid in the solicitation of proxies. Millennium will pay that firm an
estimated fee of $15,000, plus reimbursement of expenses. In addition, brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries will send beneficial owners the proxy materials. Millennium will,
upon request, reimburse those brokerage houses and custodians for their reasonable expenses. Millennium urges its stockholders to vote proxies without delay. 

Board Recommendation  

    Millennium's board of directors has voted unanimously to approve the merger agreement and the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger and believes
that the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of, Millennium. Therefore, Millennium's board of directors unanimously recommends that Millennium stockholders vote FOR approval of the issuance
of Millennium common stock in the merger. 

THE MERGER    

    This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes material aspects of the proposed merger, including the merger agreement. While Millennium and
COR believe that the description covers the material terms of the merger and the related transactions, this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should read
this entire document and the other documents referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully for a more complete understanding of the merger. 

Background of the Merger  

    Beginning in the late summer of 2001, Mark Levin, Millennium's Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Starr, Millennium's Chief Operating Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, and John Maraganore, Millennium's Senior Vice President, Strategic Product Development, began a general discussion of possible business opportunities between Millennium and
COR with Vaughn Kailian, COR's President and Chief Executive Officer and Charles Homcy, COR's Executive Vice President, Research and Development. 

    In
the summer of 2001, members of Millennium's management team corresponded with its financial advisor, Morgan Stanley & Co., Incorporated, to discuss terms and conditions of a
possible merger of Millennium and COR. 

    COR
met with its financial advisor, Goldman Sachs & Co., on August 16, 2001 and August 22, 2001 to discuss Millennium's business and the terms and conditions of a
possible merger of COR and Millennium. 

    On
August 30, 2001, Millennium and COR entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement that included each party's agreement not to purchase shares of the other
except in a consensual transaction. 

    At
a regular meeting of the board of directors of COR on September 12, 2001, Mr. Kailian gave the board an overview of Millennium and discussed the status of discussions
between Millennium and COR. At the meeting, the COR board authorized Mr. Kailian to continue discussions, including
discussions of a possible merger, and to provide further information to the COR board of directors at a subsequent meeting. 

    On
September 17, 2001, representatives from the two companies met via a teleconference to review presentations of each company and to discuss the potential benefits of a
combination of the two companies. Present at this meeting from Millennium were Mr. Levin, Mr. Starr, Mr. Maraganore, Marsha Fanucci, Millennium's Vice President, Mergers and
Acquisitions and Robert Tepper, Millennium's Chief Scientific Officer. Present for COR were Mr. Kailian, Mr. Homcy, Lee Rauch, COR's Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, Robert
Terifay, Vice President, Marketing, James Topper, Vice President, Biology and Peter Roddy, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. 

    Millennium
held conferences with Morgan Stanley on September 19, 2001, September 20, 2001, September 21, 2001, September 25, 2001, October 4, 2001,
October 22, 2001, October 31, 2001, November 1, 2001, November 2, 2001 and November 7, 2001 regarding COR's business and valuation considerations and terms of the
proposed merger of COR and Millennium. Millennium held further conferences with Morgan Stanley on November 12, 2001, November 19, 2001, November 30, 2001, December 3, 2001
and December 4, 2001 regarding valuation considerations and terms and conditions of the proposed merger. 

    On
September 25, 2001, Mr. Levin and Mr. Kailian engaged in a general discussion regarding a potential combination of the two companies. During the discussion,
Mr. Levin and Mr. Kailian discussed the pricing and timing of such a transaction as well as other requirements needed to 

complete a deal. Mr. Kailian requested that Mr. Levin provide greater specificity regarding the pricing of such a transaction. On September 26, 2001, Mr. Levin and
Mr. Kailian engaged in a more detailed discussion of the pricing of a transaction between the companies. On September 27, 2001, Mr. Levin and Mr. Kailian reported back to
each other after meeting with their respective management teams. Both Mr. Levin and Mr. Kailian reported that there was interest in continuing discussions regarding a potential
combination of the two companies. 

    On
October 12, 2001 Mr. Kailian, Patrick Broderick, COR's Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Ms. Rauch and Mr. Roddy met with COR's legal advisor,
Cooley Godward LLP, to discuss the proposed merger of COR and Millennium and the process for continued negotiations between the two companies. 

    On
October 18 and 19, 2001, COR's management team visited Millennium's headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts to review Millennium, its capabilities and programs. On
October 19, 2001, Mr. Levin and Mr. Kailian held a discussion at the end of the management team meetings in which each of them expressed their continued interest in discussing a
transaction. 

    At
a regularly scheduled meeting of the board of directors of Millennium on October 23 and 24, 2001, management of Millennium updated the board on the discussions
that were taking place with COR regarding a possible business combination. No formal vote was taken but the directors supported continuing the discussions. 

    On
October 29 and 30, 2001, Millennium's management team visited COR's headquarters in South San Francisco, California to review COR, its capabilities and programs. 

    At
a special meeting on November 7, 2001, the COR board of directors, together with representatives of Cooley Godward and Goldman Sachs, discussed the proposed merger of COR
and Millennium. After such discussions, the board authorized COR senior management to continue discussions with Millennium. 

    At
two specially scheduled meetings of the board of directors of Millennium on November 9 and 10, 2001, the Millennium board of directors authorized Millennium management to
proceed with an offer to acquire COR, including pricing parameters. On November 12, 2001, Mr. Levin and Mr. Kailian had an initial discussion regarding the pricing of the
transaction and agreed to continue discussions based on the price communicated by Mr. Levin. 

    On
November 13, 2001, Mr. Levin sent Mr. Kailian a non-binding letter outlining terms of a possible transaction. At a special meeting on
November 13, 2001, the COR board of directors, together with representatives of Cooley Godward and Goldman Sachs, discussed the preliminary proposal from Millennium and the terms of a
transaction between the two companies. After such discussions, the board authorized COR senior management to continue discussions with Millennium. 

    On
November 15, 2001, Hale and Dorr LLP, counsel for Millennium, distributed drafts of the merger agreement and related documentation for review by Millennium, COR and its
outside counsel. From November 13, 2001 through November 26, 2001, representatives of Millennium, including its consultants, accountants and outside counsel, conducted due diligence on
COR, including a review of documents made available by COR. 

    At
a special meeting on November 19, 2001, the COR board of directors, together with representatives of Cooley Godward and Goldman Sachs, discussed the terms of the merger
transaction between the two companies. The board of directors heard a presentation by representatives of Goldman Sachs, who summarized Millennium's most recent proposal. Following that presentation,
representatives of Cooley Godward summarized the legal issues arising out of the currently proposed merger agreement. Goldman Sachs then provided the board of directors with a presentation including,
among other things, a review of market performance in the biotechnology sector and a review of 

Millennium's business, market and trading history. After these discussions, the board of directors instructed management to proceed with negotiations with Millennium. 

    The
parties suspended continued diligence and negotiations on the merger agreement and related documents from November 21, 2001 through November 28, 2001 pending further
discussions on price. Mr. Levin had a price discussion with Mr. Kailian on November 26, 2001 and again on November 29, 2001. Following the November 29, 2001
discussion, diligence by both companies resumed. 

    From
December 2, 2001 through December 5, 2001, the parties, together with their respective outside counsel, engaged in negotiations regarding the merger agreement and
related documentation, affiliate agreements and voting agreements, including termination rights and fees, non-solicitation provisions, representations and warranties and covenants. During
this period, final agreement on these and other issues was reached over the course of several discussions between management of and counsel to Millennium and COR. In addition, during this period, the
parties continued their diligence reviews with respect to each other and prepared and discussed each party's disclosure schedule to the merger agreement. On December 5, 2001, the parties
completed their diligence reviews and finalized the terms of the merger agreement and related documentation. 

    On
December 4, 2001, Millennium's board of directors held a special meeting to review and discuss the market for, and applications and sales of, INTEGRILIN and other issues
associated with the proposed transaction. 

    At
a special meeting on December 5, 2001, the COR board of directors reviewed the status of final negotiations with Millennium. At this meeting, Goldman Sachs reviewed with the
board of directors its financial analyses and delivered to the board of directors its opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing on December 5, 2001, that based upon and subject to the
considerations described in its opinion, as of December 5, 2001 the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of COR common stock.
Cooley Godward presented a summary of the key elements of the merger agreement. After considering the factors described in "The MergerCOR's Reasons for the Merger" on page 39, the
board unanimously approved the proposed transaction and the merger agreement and determined to recommend to COR stockholders that they vote to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. 

    On
December 5, 2001, Millennium held a special meeting of its board of directors to review the terms of the merger agreement and related documents and to consider approval of
the merger agreement and the merger. Millennium's management reviewed with the board of directors the strategic benefits of the transaction and Morgan Stanley reviewed with the board of directors
financial analyses prepared in connection with its fairness opinion. Millennium's outside legal counsel described the provisions of the merger agreement and reviewed the board of directors'
responsibilities in connection with the proposed transaction. Morgan Stanley presented its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of
December 5, 2001 and based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion and such other matters it considered relevant, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from
a financial point of view to Millennium. Millennium's board of directors, after considering the terms of the merger agreement and other related documents and the various presentations unanimously
approved the merger and the merger agreement and the related documentation. Millennium's board of directors then authorized Millennium's management to execute the merger agreement and related
agreements. 

    On
December 5, 2001, COR and Millennium executed the merger agreement. On December 6, 2001, COR and Millennium issued a joint press release announcing the execution of
the merger agreement. 

COR's Reasons for the Merger  

    In approving the merger and the related transactions, the COR board of directors took into account a number of factors, including: 


the
COR board of directors' view that the merger should result in a combined biopharmaceutical company with:


substantially
greater resources than COR as a stand-alone company,


a
broader, more diversified product development pipeline and product base than COR as a stand-alone company, and


significant
cardiovascular expertise, with a product pipeline in oncology, inflammation and metabolic disease; 


the
fact that Millennium's pipeline of products and prospects for product introductions in the next several years should provide additional marketing and
sales opportunities for COR's sales force and reduce the combined company's substantial dependence on one product, INTEGRILIN, thereby leveraging the benefits of COR's sales and marketing
infrastructure;


the
complementary product pipelines, which would have nine products in human clinical trials following the merger;


the
complementary scientific expertise of the two companies in the areas of cardiovascular disease and oncology and the resulting prospects for enhanced
drug discovery opportunities;


the
greater financial profile of the combined company, which should enable the combined company to negotiate more favorable corporate partnerships and to
more aggressively pursue licensing opportunities;


the
compatibility of management of the two companies;


the
fact that the market value of the Millennium common stock to be issued in exchange for each share of COR common stock, using a fixed 0.9873 exchange
ratio, represented a significant premium of approximately 77% over the closing sales price of the COR common stock on December 5, 2001, the last trading day prior to announcement of the signing
of the merger agreement;


information
regarding historical market prices and other information with respect to the COR common stock and the Millennium common stock, and the
financial performance and condition, assets, liabilities, business operations and prospects of each of COR and Millennium and their projected future values as separate entities and on a combined
basis;


the
prices paid in comparable transactions involving other biopharmaceutical companies, as well as the trading performance for comparable companies in the
industry;


the
market capitalization of Millennium and the liquidity of its shares, which would enable COR stockholders to elect to continue to participate in the
growth and development of the combined company or to dispose of their shares;


the
expected tax treatment of the merger;


the
belief that the terms of the merger agreement, including the parties' mutual representations, warranties and covenants, and closing conditions, are
reasonable and that the prospects for successful consummation of the transaction are high;


the
reports of COR's management, financial advisors and legal advisors, including reports relating to the due diligence review that was conducted regarding
Millennium's business, 

operations,
technology, legal matters and possible synergistic opportunities for the two companies; 


the
opinion and the accompanying presentation of Goldman Sachs to the effect that, as of December 5, 2001, and based upon and subject to the
considerations described in its opinion, the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of COR common stock; and


an
assessment of COR's strategic alternatives to the merger, including remaining an independent company, licensing or otherwise transferring its rights to
future discoveries, and merging or consolidating with a party other than Millennium or acquiring other companies. 

    The
COR board of directors also considered a number of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including: 


the
loss of control over the future operations of COR following the merger;


the
risk that the merger might not be completed in a timely manner, if at all;


risks
associated with Millennium's product development pipeline, including the risks that regulatory approvals may be denied or delayed;


the
risk that the benefits sought to be achieved in the merger will not be achieved;


the
fact that the voting agreements and "no solicitation" provisions and related provisions in the merger agreement would discourage third parties from
seeking to negotiate a superior proposal for the acquisition of COR;


the
potential loss of key COR employees critical to the ongoing success of COR's product development and integration of COR's research;


the
potential loss of members of COR's sales force critical to the marketing of INTEGRILIN;


the
general difficulties of integrating products, technologies and companies;


the
risk that the integration of the two companies' management and scientific cultures might not be accomplished quickly or smoothly; and


the
other risks described above under "Risk Factors." 

    This
discussion of information and factors considered by the COR board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is intended to summarize all material factors considered by
the COR board of directors. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the COR board of directors, the COR board of directors did not find it practicable to quantify or otherwise assign
relative weights to the specific factors considered. However, after taking into account all of the factors set forth above, the COR board of directors unanimously agreed that the merger agreement and
the merger were fair to, and in the best interests of, COR's stockholders and that COR should enter into the merger agreement. 

Millennium's Reasons for the Merger  

    The decision of the Millennium board of directors to approve the merger agreement and the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger was based on
several potential benefits of the merger that it believes will contribute to Millennium's success. These potential benefits include: 


accelerating
Millennium's move from a drug discovery and development company to a commercially integrated biopharmaceutical company; 


providing
Millennium with a revenue stream derived from a best-in-class drug with significant growth potential;


enabling
Millennium to expand its presence in the discovery, development and commercialization of novel cardiovascular therapeutics;


enhancing
Millennium's oncology franchise through the acquisition of additional preclinical compounds and expertise in important oncology disease pathways;


giving
Millennium an experienced, successful, recognized sales force and supporting commercial infrastructure, which is positioned to sell INTEGRILIN and
can be leveraged for future Millennium products; and


providing
a critical mass of infrastructure, management talent and financial resources to facilitate further initiatives to grow Millennium's presence in
the pharmaceutical industry. 

    The
Millennium board of directors reviewed a number of factors in evaluating the merger, including but not limited to the following: 


historical
information concerning Millennium's and COR's respective business focus, financial performance and condition, operations, technology and
management, including public reports concerning results of operations during the most recent fiscal year and fiscal quarter for COR filed with the SEC;


Millennium
management's view of the financial condition, results of operations and business of Millennium and COR before and after giving effect to the
merger and the determination by the Millennium board of directors of the merger's effect on stockholder value;


current
financial market conditions and historical stock market prices, volatility and trading information with respect to Millennium common stock and COR
common stock;


the
consideration Millennium will pay in the merger in light of comparable merger transactions;


the
terms of the merger agreement;


the
impact of the merger on Millennium's strategic alliance partners and employees;


results
of the due diligence investigation conducted by Millennium's management, accountants, counsel and financial advisor; and


the
financial presentation of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, including the opinion of Morgan Stanley that, as of December 5, 2001, and
based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion and such other matters it considered relevant, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a financial point of view
to Millennium as described below under the caption "Opinion of Millennium's Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated." 

    During
the course of its deliberations concerning the merger, the Millennium board also identified and considered a variety of potentially negative factors that could materialize as a
result of the merger, including the following: 


the
risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be fully realized;


the
possibility that the merger might not be completed;


the
effect of the public announcement of the merger on Millennium's and COR's business, including employees and customers; and


the
risk that efforts to integrate the companies would divert focus and resources from the INTEGRILIN and LDP-341 programs; 


limitations
under the merger agreement on Millennium's activities between the signing of the merger agreement and the completion of the merger; and


other
risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus under the section entitled "Risk Factors." 

    This
discussion of information and factors considered by the Millennium board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is intended to summarize all material factors
considered by the Millennium board of directors. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Millennium board of directors, the Millennium board of directors did not find it practicable
to quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered. However, after taking into account all of the factors set forth above, the Millennium board of directors
unanimously agreed that the merger agreement and the merger were fair to, and in the best interests of, Millennium and that Millennium should enter into the merger agreement. 

Opinion of Millennium's Financial AdvisorMorgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated  

    Millennium retained Morgan Stanley to provide it with financial advisory services and a financial fairness opinion in connection with the merger. The
Millennium board of directors selected Morgan Stanley to act as Millennium's financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's qualifications, expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the business and
affairs of Millennium and COR. At the meeting of the Millennium board of directors on December 5, 2001, Morgan Stanley rendered an oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of
December 5, 2001 and subject to and based on the considerations set forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to
Millennium. 

The full text of Morgan Stanley's opinion, dated as of December 5, 2001, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures
followed, matters considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. We urge you to read this opinion
carefully and in its entirety. Morgan Stanley's opinion is directed to the board of directors of Millennium, addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view to Millennium of the exchange
ratio pursuant to the merger agreement, and does not address any other aspect of the merger or constitute a recommendation to any Millennium stockholder as to how to vote at the special meeting. This
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.  

    In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other things: 


reviewed
certain publicly available financial statements and other business and financial information of Millennium and COR;


reviewed
certain internal financial statements and other financial and operating data concerning Millennium and COR;


reviewed
certain financial forecasts prepared by the managements of Millennium and COR;


reviewed
certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared by the managements of Millennium and COR;


discussed
the past and current operations and financial condition and the prospects of Millennium and COR, including information relating to certain
strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, with senior executives of Millennium and COR;


reviewed
the pro forma impact of the merger on Millennium's business operations and financial condition; 


reviewed
information prepared by members of senior management of Millennium and COR relating to the relative contributions of Millennium and COR to the
combined company;


reviewed
the reported prices and trading activity for Millennium common stock and COR common stock;


compared
the financial performance of Millennium and COR and the prices and trading activity of Millennium common stock and COR common stock with that of
certain other publicly-traded companies comparable with Millennium and COR and their securities;


reviewed
the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of certain comparable acquisition transactions;


participated
in discussions and negotiations among representatives of Millennium and COR and their financial and legal advisors;


reviewed
the merger agreement and certain related documents; and


considered
such other factors as Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate. 

    In
rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon without independent verification the accuracy and completeness of the information supplied or otherwise made available
to it by Millennium and COR for the purposes of its opinion. With respect to financial forecasts, including information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated
from the merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that such forecasts and information had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the future
financial performance of Millennium and COR at that time. Morgan Stanley relied upon the assessment by the management of Millennium of its ability to retain key employees of Millennium and COR. Morgan
Stanley also relied upon, without independent verification, the assessment by the management of Millennium of: 


the
strategic, financial and other benefits expected to result from the merger;


the
timing and risks associated with the integration of Millennium and COR; and


the
validity of, and risks associated with, Millennium's and COR's existing and future technologies, services and business models. 

    In
addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the merger would be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement, including, among other things, that the merger
will be treated as a tax-free reorganization and/or exchange pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Morgan Stanley has not made any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets
or liabilities of Millennium or COR, nor has it been furnished with any such appraisals. Morgan Stanley's opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect
on, and the information made available to it as of, the date thereof. 

    The
following is a summary of the material financial analysis performed by Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and its written opinion, each dated as of
December 5, 2001. These summaries of financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the financial analysis performed by Morgan Stanley, the
tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analysis. 

    COR Stock Price Performance.
  Morgan Stanley reviewed the recent stock price performance of COR common stock over
various time periods ending on December 5, 2001. The following table lists the low, high and average closing prices of COR common stock and the premium or discount over these COR common stock
prices represented by the implied offer price: 

COR Common Stock(1)

Premium (Discount) of

Implied Offer Price to COR

Last Twelve Months High (Closing Price)

$

48.94

(28.5

)%

Last Twelve Months Low (Closing Price)

18.66

87.6

One Year Average Closing Price

28.79

21.6

Three Month Average Closing Price

21.84

60.2

One Month Average Closing Price

21.32

64.2

Post 9/11 Average Closing Price

21.51

62.7

30 Day Average Closing Price

21.74

61.0

20 Day Average Closing Price

21.27

64.5

10 Day Average Closing Price

21.21

65.0

December 5, 2001 Closing Price

19.74

77.3

(1)
Prices
are based on calendar days and exclude the period between September 11, 2001 through September 14, 2001 when markets were closed. 

    Securities Research Analysts' Future Price Targets.
  Morgan Stanley reviewed the twelve-month public market trading
price targets for COR common stock prepared and published by various securities research analysts during the period from October 25, 2001 to November 15, 2001. These targets reflected
each analyst's estimate of the future public market trading price of COR common shares. Using an equity cost of capital of 13.0%, Morgan Stanley discounted the analysts' price targets back twelve
months to arrive at a range of present values of these targets. Morgan Stanley arrived at a range of present values from approximately $21.24 to $38.05 for COR based upon this analysis. 

    Comparable Publicly Traded Company Analysis.
  Morgan Stanley compared certain financial information of Millennium and
COR with that of three groups of publicly traded companies that shared some characteristics with Millennium and COR. The first group, referred to as Mid-cap Product-Based Biotech
Companies, included: 


Gilead
Sciences, Inc.


Cephalon, Inc.


Celgene
Corporation


Enzon, Inc.


QLT Inc.

    The
second group, referred to as Tier I Biotech Companies, included: 


Amgen, Inc.


Biogen, Inc.


Chiron
Corporation


Genentech, Inc.


Genzyme
Corporation


IDEC
Pharmaceuticals Corporation 


Immunex
Corporation


MedImmune, Inc.

    The
third group, referred to as US Pharmaceutical Companies, included: 


Abbott
Laboratories


American
Home Products Corp.


Bristol-Myers
Squibb Co.


Johnson &
Johnson Inc.


Eli
Lilly and Co.


Merck &
Co., Inc.


Pfizer Inc.


Pharmacia
Corp.


Schering-Plough
Corp. 

    The
financial information reviewed by Morgan Stanley included price to projected 2002 earnings per share ("EPS") and price to projected 2003 EPS. The following table shows the results
of Morgan Stanley's observations: 

2002E EPS

2003E EPS

Mean

Median

Mean

Median

Mid-Cap Product Based Biotech Companies

63.7

x

58.5

x

48.4

x

38.7

x

Tier I Biotech Companies

50.7

45.9

41.1

38.3

US Pharmaceutical Companies

24.0

24.4

21.2

21.4

COR (Based on I/B/E/S median EPS estimates)

27.8

12.1

    Analysis Of Selected Precedent Transactions.
  Using publicly available information, Morgan Stanley reviewed the terms of
certain announced, pending, and completed comparable biotechnology and pharmaceutical acquisition transactions. Its review focused on, among other precedent transactions: 


the
acquisition of Aviron Corporation by MedImmune, Inc.


the
acquisition of Axys Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by Celera Genomics, Inc.


the
acquisition of Gemini Genomics plc by Sequenom, Inc.


the
acquisition of Rosetta Inpharmatics, Inc. by Merck & Co., Inc.


the
acquisition of Aurora Biosciences Corporation by Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


the
acquisition of Alza Corporation by Johnson & Johnson Inc.


the
acquisition of BioChem Pharma, Inc. by Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc.


the
acquisition of Coulter Pharmaceutical, Inc. by Corixa Corporation


the
acquisition of Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by Elan Pharmaceuticals, plc.


the
acquisition of GelTex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by Genzyme Corporation General Division


the
acquisition of PathoGenesis Corporation by Chiron Corporation


the
acquisition of Oxford Asymmetry International plc by Exotec Incorporated


the
acquisition of Anesta Corporation by Cephalon, Inc. 


the
acquisition of LJL Biosystems by Molecular Devices


the
acquisition of Centocor, Inc. by Johnson & Johnson Inc.


the
acquisition of The Liposome Company, Inc. by Elan Pharmaceuticals, plc.


the
acquisition of NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by Gilead Sciences, Inc.


the
acquisition of Agouron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by Warner-Lambert Company


the
acquisition of Sequus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by Alza Corporation 

    For
each of the transactions above, Morgan Stanley reviewed the price paid and calculated the premiums to the acquired company's closing stock price one day and one month prior to
announcement of the transaction. 

Low

High

Mean

Median

Premium to One Day Prior

5.6%

81.6%

30.3%

27.1%

Premium to One Month Prior(1)

5.4%

186.3%

56.4%

43.1%

(1)
Based
on calendar days. 

    Morgan
Stanley noted that the implied offer price of $35.00 as of December 5, 2001 implied a premium of 77.3% to the COR price one day prior to the announcement of the
transaction and a premium of 58.8% to the COR price one month prior to the announcement of the transaction. Based upon its review of the selected precedent transactions, Morgan Stanley noted an
indicative premium range of 40%60% to COR's closing share price on December 4, 2001, its average price from November 4, 2001 to December 4, 2001 and its average price
from December 5, 2000 to December 4, 2001. The following table shows the results of Morgan Stanley's observations: 

Indicative Premium

Price

40%

60%

12/4/01

$

20.04

$

28.06

$

32.06

Average Price (11/4/01-12/4/01)(1)

21.39

29.95

34.23

Average Price (12/5/00-12/4/01)(1)

28.83

40.36

46.12

(1)
Prices
are based on calendar days and exclude the period between September 11, 2001 through September 14, 2001 when markets were closed. 

    No
company or transaction utilized in the peer group comparison or precedent transactions analyses is identical to Millennium or COR or the combined company. In evaluating the
transactions and peer groups, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which
are beyond the control of Millennium and COR, such as the impact of competition on the business of Millennium and COR or the industries in which they are principally engaged, the growth of these
industries and the absence of any material adverse change in the financial condition and prospects of Millennium and COR or the industries in which they are principally engaged or in the financial
markets in general. Mathematical analysis, such as determining the mean or median, or the high or the low, is not in itself a meaningful method of using peer group data. 

    Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
  Morgan Stanley performed discounted cash flow analyses to determine a range of present
values for COR based on financial projections prepared by the management of Millennium. Morgan Stanley also analyzed additional scenarios prepared by the 

management of Millennium that reflected various sensitivities on assumptions of probability weighted product revenues, probability weighted product costs, product launch dates, market penetration,
demand, and supply. Assuming a base-case scenario based upon assumptions provided by the management of Millennium without allowing for synergies resulting from the merger, Morgan Stanley
observed equity values per share for COR of between approximately $20.87 and $36.27. Assuming a base-case scenario based upon assumptions provided by the management of Millennium and
allowing for cost synergies resulting from the merger, Morgan Stanley observed equity values per share for COR of between approximately $24.75 and $42.55. In calculating the discounted cash flow
equity value per share, Morgan Stanley calculated the unlevered free cash flow estimates for a ten-year projection period from 2001 to 2011 and applied an exit multiple range of 25.0x to
35.0x to the projected 2011 trailing net income. The unlevered free cash flows and exit values were then discounted to present values as of January 1, 2002 using discount rates of 12% to 14%.
Morgan Stanley noted that the implied offer price of $35.00 was within the range of per share values observed in its discounted cash flow analysis for the scenarios considered. 

    Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
  Morgan Stanley also reviewed the ratio of daily closing prices of COR common stock
divided by the corresponding closing price of Millennium common stock over various periods ended December 5, 2001. The following table presents the range of historical exchange ratios over the
periods covered and the implied premiums or discounts that such ratios represented as compared to the exchange ratio in the merger agreement. 

Average Historical Exchange Ratio(1)

Implied Premium (Discount) to

COR Shareholders

Relative to Exchange Ratio

Three Years

0.7557

30.7

%

Two Years

0.7941

24.3

One Year

0.8720

13.2

Three Months

0.9198

7.3

One Month

0.7017

40.7

Post 9/11

0.9045

9.2

Market Prices as of 12/05

0.5568

77.3

(1)
Exchange
ratios are based on calendar days and exclude period between September 11, 2001 through September 14, 2001 when markets were closed. 

    Contribution Analysis.
  Morgan Stanley reviewed certain projected operating and financial information, including, among
other things, market value, total employees, cash and equivalents, projected 2001 R&D expense, projected 2001 and 2005 product sales and projected 2001 and 2011 revenues, for Millennium, COR and the
pro forma combined entity resulting from the mergers, without giving effect to any potential synergies that may result from the transaction and excluding non-recurring integration related
costs or charges. The analysis was performed utilizing information for Millennium 

and COR based on historical and projected information from the management of Millennium and COR. 

Millennium

COR

Combined

Value ($MM)

% Contribution

Value ($MM)

% Contribution

Value ($MM)

Transaction Ownership Split Assuming Conversion of COR convertible debentures

75.8

%

24.2

%

Transaction Ownership Split Assuming No Conversion of COR convertible debentures

80.0

20.0

Market Value

$

8,249

84.8

$

1,484

15.2

$

9,734

Total Employees

1,330

81.0

19.0

1,641

3Q 2001 Cash & Equiv

1,528

70.7

29.3

2,161

2001E R&D Expenditure

90.5

9.5

2001E Product Sales

0.0

100.0

2005E Product Sales

64.3

35.7

2001E Revenue

66.9

33.1

2011E Revenue

3,930

88.1

11.9

4,460

    In
connection with the review of the merger by the Millennium board, Morgan Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes of rendering its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the
results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it. Morgan Stanley believes that the summary provided and the analyses
described above must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of these analyses, without considering all of them, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and
opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other analyses and factors and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other
assumptions, so that the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described below should therefore not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's view of the actual value of Millennium or COR. 

    In
performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which
are beyond the control of Millennium or COR. Any estimates contained in Morgan Stanley's analysis are not necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than those suggested by such estimates. The analyses performed were prepared solely as part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of the fairness from a financial point of view of the exchange
ratio pursuant to the merger agreement, and were conducted in connection with the delivery by Morgan Stanley of its opinion dated December 5, 2001 to the Millennium board of directors. Morgan
Stanley analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which Millennium common stock or COR common stock might actually trade. Accordingly, the analysis and estimates are
inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. 

    In
addition, as described above, the opinion rendered by and presentation made by Morgan Stanley to the Millennium board of directors were only a few of many factors taken into
consideration by the Millennium board of directors in making its decision to approve the merger. Consequently, the Morgan Stanley analysis as described below should not be viewed as determinative of
the opinion of the Millennium board of directors with respect to the value of Millennium or of COR or of whether the Millennium board of directors would have been willing to agree to different merger
terms. The exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was determined through arm's-length negotiations between Millennium and COR and was approved by the Millennium board of directors. Morgan 

Stanley did not recommend any specific exchange ratio to Millennium or that any given exchange ratio constituted the only appropriate exchange ratio in the merger. 

    Morgan
Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and advisory firm. Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial advisory business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. 

    In
the ordinary course of business, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates may from time to time trade in the securities or indebtedness of Millennium or COR for its own account, the
accounts of investment funds and other clients under the management of Morgan Stanley and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such
securities or indebtedness. In the past, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have provided financial advisory and financing services for Millennium and have received fees for the rendering of those
services. 

    Pursuant
to an engagement letter dated November 15, 2001 between Morgan Stanley and Millennium, Morgan Stanley provided financial advisory services and a financial opinion in
connection with the merger, and Millennium agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a fee based on the aggregate value of the transaction. Millennium has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for its expenses
incurred in performing its services. In addition, Millennium has agreed to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, its directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if any,
controlling the advisor or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or arising out of Morgan
Stanley's engagement and any related transactions. 

Opinion of COR's Financial AdvisorGoldman, Sachs & Co.  

    Goldman, Sachs & Co. delivered its opinion to the board of directors of COR, which was subsequently confirmed in writing on December 5, 2001,
that, as of December 5, 2001, and based upon and subject to the considerations described in its opinion, the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of
view to the holders of COR common stock. 

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated December 5, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered, and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C and is incorporated by reference into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. Goldman Sachs' opinion was provided for the information and assistance of the board of directors of COR in connection with its consideration of the transaction contemplated
by the merger agreement. Goldman Sachs' opinion is directed only to the fairness of the exchange ratio and does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holder of COR common stock should vote
with respect to the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement. COR stockholders should read the opinion in its entirety.

    In
connection with its opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other things: 


the
merger agreement;


annual
reports to stockholders and annual reports on Form 10-K of COR and Millennium for the five years ended December 31, 2000;


selected
interim reports to stockholders and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of COR and Millennium;


other
communications from COR and Millennium to their respective stockholders; and


internal
financial analyses and forecasts for COR and Millennium prepared by their respective managements. 

Goldman
Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior management of COR and Millennium regarding their assessment of the strategic rationale for, and the potential benefits of, the
transaction contemplated by the merger agreement and the past and current business operations, financial condition and future prospects of their respective companies. 

In
addition, Goldman Sachs: 


reviewed
the reported price and trading activity for COR common stock and Millennium common stock;


compared
financial and stock market information for COR and Millennium with similar information for other selected companies, the securities of which are
publicly traded;


reviewed
the financial terms of selected recent business combinations in the biotechnology industry specifically and in other industries generally; and


performed
other studies and analyses it considered appropriate. 

    Goldman
Sachs relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial, accounting and other information discussed with or reviewed by it and assumed the accuracy and
completeness of this information for purposes of rendering its opinion. In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed, with the consent of COR's board of directors, that the internal financial forecasts
prepared by the managements of COR and Millennium were reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of COR and Millennium. In addition, Goldman Sachs
did not make an 

independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities of COR or Millennium or any of their respective subsidiaries, and Goldman Sachs was not furnished with any such evaluations or
appraisals. 

    The
following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by Goldman Sachs to the COR board of directors on December 5, 2001 in connection with providing its
opinion to the COR board of directors. 

    Except
as otherwise noted, the following quantitative information, to the extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before December 5,
2001, and is not necessarily indicative of current market conditions. 

This summary includes information presented in tabular format. The tables alone are not a complete description of Goldman Sachs' financial analyses. These
tables should be read together with the text of each summary.

    Analysis of Transaction Premium and Multiples.
  Goldman Sachs reviewed the premiums, multiples and other information
derived from the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement. Based on the closing price of Millennium common stock of $35.45 and the closing price of COR common stock of $19.74 on
December 5, 2001, Goldman Sachs calculated an implied offer price of $35.00 per share, representing an implied premium of 77.3% over the closing price of COR common stock on December 5,
2001, which was the last trading day prior to announcement of the execution of the merger agreement. Goldman Sachs then calculated the implied premium based on the implied offer price of $35.00 using
the closing prices of COR's common stock on December 5, 2001, and on other selected dates and over selected periods. The results of these calculations are as follows: 

Trading Period (a)

Closing COR Price ($/Share)

Implied Premium

(Discount) (%)

December 5, 2001

$

19.74

77.3

%

10 Day Average

$

21.21

65.0

%

20 Day Average

$

21.32

64.2

%

30 Day Average

$

21.80

60.6

%

60 Day Average

$

21.75

60.9

%

90 Day Average

$

23.20

50.9

%

120 Day Average

$

24.69

41.8

%

One Year Average

$

28.65

22.2

%

52 Week High (b)

$

48.94

(28.5

)%

52 Week Low (c)

$

18.66

87.6

%

(a)
Reflects
trading days rather than calendar days

(b)
Represents
52 week high of COR, which occurred on December 8, 2000

(c)
Represents
52 week low of COR, which occurred on October 8, 2001 

    Goldman
Sachs also reviewed the historical trading prices of Millennium common stock and COR common stock in order to compare exchange ratios implied by those historical trading
prices to the exchange ratio of 0.9873 provided in the merger agreement. Specifically, Goldman Sachs compared the 0.9873 exchange ratio to the ratios of the daily closing prices of Millennium common
stock to corresponding closing prices for COR common stock on December 5, 2001 and on other selected dates and over selected periods. These analyses indicated the following implied exchange
ratios and implied 

premiums for these dates or periods, as compared with the exchange ratio of 0.9873 provided in the merger agreement: 

Trading Period (a)

Actual Exchange Ratio

Implied Premium

(Discount) (%)

December 5, 2001

0.557

77.3

%

10 Day Average

0.646

52.8

%

20 Day Average

0.691

43.0

%

30 Day Average

0.745

32.4

%

60 Day Average

0.879

12.4

%

90 Day Average

0.897

10.0

%

120 Day Average

0.900

9.7

%

One Year Average

0.843

17.2

%

52 Week High (b)

0.725

36.2

%

52 Week Low (c)

1.157

(14.7

)%

(a)
Reflects
trading days rather than calendar days

(b)
Represents
52 week high of COR and Millennium, which occurred on December 8, 2000 and December 15, 2000, respectively

(c)
Represents
52 week low of COR and Millennium, which occurred on October 8, 2001 and September 26, 2001, respectively 

    Based
on a Millennium closing price of $35.45 on December 5, 2001 and using the implied COR price per share of $35.00, Goldman Sachs calculated that the diluted equity
consideration in the merger would be $2,612 million, assuming exercises of outstanding options based on the implied offer price and the issuance of shares of common stock at their strike prices
upon conversion of the convertible debt. Goldman Sachs also determined that the enterprise value would be $1,981 million, based on the implied offer price and the approximately
- -$632 million of net debt as of September 30, 2001. Using COR management estimates for fiscal years 2001 through 2006, Goldman Sachs derived, among other things, the following
transaction multiples: 


enterprise
value as a multiple of estimated 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006 revenue;


enterprise
value as a multiple of estimated 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006 earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT; and


equity
consideration on a fully-diluted basis as a multiple of estimated 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006 net income. 

    The
results of these analyses are as follows: 

Enterprise Value/Revenue

Implied Transaction Multiple

at Implied Offer Price

of $35.00 per Share

2001 (estimated)

15.8x

2002 (estimated)

9.2x

2003 (estimated)

7.7x

2004 (estimated)

6.7x

2005 (estimated)

6.2x

2006 (estimated)

4.9x

Enterprise Value/EBIT

Implied Transaction Multiple

at Implied Offer Price

of $35.00 per Share

2001 (estimated)

NM

2002 (estimated)

53.1x

2003 (estimated)

27.4x

2004 (estimated)

18.4x

2005 (estimated)

14.4x

2006 (estimated)

10.8x

Diluted Equity Consideration/Net Income

Implied Transaction Multiple

at Implied Offer Price

of $35.00 per Share

2001 (estimated)

NM

2002 (estimated)

86.5x

2003 (estimated)

35.7x

2004 (estimated)

20.6x

2005 (estimated)

22.3x

2006 (estimated)

17.2x

NM
means
not meaningful. 

    Selected Transactions Analysis.
  Using the implied offer price of $35.00 per share for COR common stock derived from the
exchange ratio of 0.9873 provided in the merger agreement, Goldman Sachs calculated (1) the premium represented by the implied offer price in relation to COR's closing price on
December 5, 2001, one day prior to the announcement of the execution of the merger agreement and (2) the 2001 estimated revenue multiple. The premium was calculated to be 77.3%, and the
2001 estimated revenue multiple was 15.8x. 

    Goldman
Sachs compared the results of its premium calculation with publicly available information for 41 pending and completed merger and acquisition transactions involving levered
consideration greater than $100 million during 1990 through 2001 in the biotechnology industry. In addition, Goldman Sachs
compared the results with publicly available information for 16 biotechnology product-driven transactions for the same time period. The results of the analyses are as follows: 

Biotechnology M&A Transactions of Greater Than

$100mm, January 1990 to December 5, 2001

Mean

Median

Premium to One Day Prior to Announcement

35.6

%

30.6

%

Premium to 4 Weeks Prior to Announcement

52.2

%

49.3

%

Last Twelve Months Revenue Multiple

33.1

x

14.1

x

Selected Biotechnology Product Transactions,

January 1990 to December 5, 2001

Mean

Median

Premium to One Day Prior to Announcement

34.5

%

28.0

%

Premium to 4 Weeks Prior to Announcement

45.2

%

39.9

%

Last Twelve Months Revenue Multiple

20.1

x

12.4

x

    Historical Stock Trading Analysis.
  Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared the historical daily trading
prices of COR common stock during the period from December 5, 2000 to December 5, 2001 with the following: (1) the Goldman Sachs Profitable Biotech Index, comprised of the common
stock of Amgen Inc., Biogen Inc., Chiron Corporation, Genentech Inc., Genzyme Corporation, IDEC Pharmaceuticals Corp., Immunex Corporation, MedImmune Inc. and
QLT Inc. and (2) the Goldman Sachs Near-Profitable Biotech Index, comprised of the common stock of Cell Therapeutics Inc., Cephalon Inc., Corixa Corporation,
Gilead Sciences Inc., ILEX Oncology, ImClone Systems
Incorporated, Intermune Inc., Supergen Inc., Tanox Inc., Titan Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

    The
analysis indicated that for the period from December 5, 2000 to December 5, 2001, the COR common stock initially performed comparably to the above indices, but,
since May 2001, COR common stock has been underperforming both the GS Profitable Biotech Index and the GS Near-Profitable Index. 

    Goldman
Sachs also reviewed and compared the historical daily trading prices of Millennium common stock during the period December 5, 2000 to December 5, 2001 with the
following: (1) the Goldman Sachs Profitable Biotech Index; (2) the Goldman Sachs Near-Profitable Biotech Index; and (3) the Goldman Sachs Genomics Index, comprised of
the common stock of Affymetrix Inc., Applied Molecular Evolution Inc., Celera Genomics, a business of Applera Corp., Diversa Corp., Exelixis Inc., Gene Logic Inc., Genome
Therapeutics Corp., Genset, Human Genome Sciences Inc., Illumina Inc., Incyte Genomics Inc., Luminex Corp., Maxygen Inc., Myriad Genetics Inc., Orchid
Biosciences Inc. and Sequenom Inc. 

    The
analysis indicated that, from December 2000 to January 2001, the Millennium common stock outperformed all the above indices; but, from May 2001 through
November 2001, Millennium common stock underperformed all the above indices. At December 5, 2001, Millennium underperformed the Goldman Sachs Profitable Biotech Index and the Goldman
Sachs Near-Profitable Index, but outperformed the Goldman Sachs Genomics Index. 

    Selected Public Companies Analysis.
  Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared selected financial information relating to COR
to corresponding financial information, ratios and public market multiples for comparable companies whose securities are publicly traded. Goldman Sachs calculated various financial multiples and
ratios for COR based on (1) the closing price of COR common stock on December 5, 2001 and (2) the implied price per share of COR common stock derived from the exchange ratio of
0.9873 provided in the merger agreement. These financial multiples and ratios were compared with those of the companies in the Goldman Sachs Profitable Biotech Index and Goldman Sachs
Near-Profitable Biotech Index used in the historical stock trading analysis. Where applicable, the financial multiples and ratios for COR and the selected companies were calculated using
(1) the closing prices of their common stock on December 5, 2001 and (2) their respective equity market capitalization. 

    Goldman
Sachs' analyses of the selected companies compared, among other things, the following to the results for COR: 


market
price on December 5, 2001 as a percentage of the 52-week high 


cash
balance as of latest public filings


ratio
of market price as of December 5, 2001 to 2002 and 2003 estimated earnings


ratio
of market price as of December 5, 2001 to 2002 and 2003 estimated earnings, relative to Institutional Broker Estimate System's, or IBES,
estimates of long-term growth rates 

    The
results of these analyses are summarized as follows: 

Goldman Sachs Profitable

Biotech

Index (a)

Goldman Sachs Near-

Profitable Biotech

Index

COR

Range

Median

Range

Median

Actual

Market Price as a % of 52-Week High

47.2-94.5

%

77.9

%

19.7-102.9

%

62.8

%

40.3

%

Cash

$

155-2,523

$

$

42-441

$

$

Market Price to Estimated 2002 Earnings (x)

29.6-87.2

x

44.4

x

NM

NM

27.4

x

Market Price to Estimated 2003 Earnings (x)

23.2-67.4

x

37.5

x

38.7-134.0

x

50.0

x

15.0

x

Estimated 2002 Market Price to Earnings/IBES Growth Rate

0.6-2.5

x

1.8

x

NA

NA

NA

(a)
Excludes
COR statistics 

    Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
  Goldman Sachs performed an analysis to compare the present value per share of COR common
stock, using discounted cash flow methodologies, to the value per share implied by the exchange ratio of 0.9873 provided in the merger agreement on the date of its opinion. Using COR management's
projections, Goldman Sachs performed this analysis by determining ranges of equity values per share for COR on a stand-alone basis. Specifically, Goldman Sachs considered the range of values for COR
on a stand-alone basis based on financial models prepared by COR's management. Goldman Sachs analyzed four elements of the business based on these models: (1) the COR base case scenario, which
involved COR management's projections of future revenue growth and earnings for the fiscal years 2002 through 2010; (2) the COR sensitivity A scenario, which assumed GP IIb/IIIa class
penetration of the patient population is adjusted downward from the penetration assumed in the COR base case scenario; (3) the INTEGRILIN scenario, which was based on INTEGRILIN-related product
revenue and associated expenses and no contribution from COR's pipeline scenario; and (4) the pipeline scenario, which reflected the COR base case scenario less the INTEGRILIN scenario. 

    In
its analysis of the COR base case scenario, Goldman Sachs applied discount rates ranging from 25.0% to 30.0% and terminal value multiples of estimated 2010 price to earnings
ranging from 20.0x to 22.5x. In its analysis of the COR sensitivity A scenario, Goldman Sachs applied discount rates ranging from 25.0% to 30.0% and terminal value multiples of estimated 2010 price to
earnings ranging from 20.0x to 22.5x. In its analysis of the INTEGRILIN scenario, Goldman Sachs applied discount rates ranging from 20.0% to 25.0% and terminal value multiples of estimated 2010 price
to earnings ranging from 20.0x to 22.5x. Finally, in its analysis of the pipeline scenario, Goldman Sachs applied discount rates ranging from 35.0% to 40.0% and terminal value multiples of estimated
2010 price to earnings ranging from 20.0x to 22.5x. The various ranges for discount rates and terminal value multiples were chosen by Goldman Sachs based upon its prior experience in analyzing cost of
capital ranges that could be applicable. Based on these discount rates and terminal value multiples, Goldman Sachs derived theoretical equity values per share ranging from $22.97 to $33.76 for the COR
base case scenario, $18.95 to $28.19 for the COR sensitivity A scenario, $19.13 to $26.90 for the INTEGRILIN scenario and $4.05 to $6.65 for the pipeline scenario. 

    Goldman Sachs also performed an analysis of the present value per share of Millennium common stock using discounted cash flow methodologies. Using Millennium management projections as
provided by Millennium management for the fiscal years 2002 through 2010, Goldman Sachs performed this analysis by determining ranges of equity values per share for Millennium on a stand-alone basis.
Specifically, Goldman Sachs considered the range of values for Millennium on a stand-alone basis based on financial models prepared by Millennium's management. Goldman Sachs analyzed, among other
things, the Millennium base case scenario, which involved Millennium management's projections of future revenue growth and earnings for the fiscal years 2002 through 2010. 

    In
its analysis of the Millennium base case scenario, Goldman Sachs applied discount rates ranging from 30.0% to 35.0% and terminal value multiples of estimated 2010 price to earnings
ranging from
42.5x to 45.0x. The ranges for discount rates and terminal value multiples were chosen by Goldman Sachs based upon its prior experience in analyzing cost of capital ranges that could be applicable.
Based on these discount rates and terminal value multiples, Goldman Sachs derived theoretical equity values per share ranging from $16.32 to $24.35 for the Millennium base case scenario. 

    In
addition, Goldman Sachs calculated the net cash on an equity value per share basis by using the net cash balance of $1,396 million as of September 30, 2001, and
dividing this number by the fully diluted shares outstanding for Millennium as of September 30, 2001. This calculation resulted in net cash per share of $5.86. 

    Contribution Analysis.
  Goldman Sachs reviewed the historical and estimated future operating and financial information,
including, among other things, revenue and net income, for COR, Millennium and the combined entity resulting from the merger based on COR's and Millennium's management projections. A contribution
analysis demonstrates the parties' respective historical and projected contributions, on a percentage basis, to certain income statement items of the combined company and compares those contributions
to the parties' stockholders' relative equity interests in the combined company following the merger. Goldman Sachs analyzed the relative income statement contribution of Millennium and COR to the
combined company on a pro forma basis based on financial data and on the assumptions provided to Goldman Sachs by COR's and Millennium's management for estimated years 2001, 2002, 2005 and 2006.
Goldman Sachs calculated the relative contributions of COR and Millennium to the combined company in terms of, among other things, (1) revenue, (2) product sales, (3) net income,
(4) diluted equity market capitalization, based on Millennium's closing market price of $35.45 and COR's closing market price of $19.74 on December 5, 2001 and (5) pro forma
ownership, based on Millennium's closing market price of $35.45 and the implied offer price for COR of $35.00 on December 5, 2001. The results of these analyses are as follows: 

% Contribution

Millennium

COR

Revenue:

2001 (estimated)

66.4

%

33.6%

2002 (estimated)

54.3

%

45.7%

2005 (estimated)

66.9

%

33.1%

2006 (estimated)

70.2

%

29.8%

Product Sales:

2001 (estimated)

0.2

%

99.8%

2002 (estimated)

0.2

%

99.8%

2005 (estimated)

52.9

%

47.1%

2006 (estimated)

65.0

%

35.0%

Net Income:

2001 (estimated)

NM

100.0%

2002 (estimated)

NM

100.0%

2005 (estimated)

NM

100.0%

2006 (estimated)

55.1

%

44.9%

Equity Market Capitalization

87.9

%

12.1%

Pro Forma Ownership

76.0

%

24.0%

    In
addition, Goldman Sachs also conducted a contribution analysis of COR relative to the pro forma combined entity resulting from the merger using discounted cash flow methodologies.
Using management projections provided by COR's and Millennium's management, Goldman Sachs derived theoretical equity value contribution percentages for COR assuming a discount rate of 27.5% and
terminal value multiples of 2010 price to earnings for COR ranging from 20.0x to 22.5x and for Millennium ranging from 42.5x to 45.0x. Based on this discount rate and these terminal value multiples,
Goldman Sachs calculated theoretical equity value contribution percentages ranging from 18.6% to 21.0%. 

    Pro Forma Merger Analysis.
  Goldman Sachs prepared pro forma analyses of the financial impact of the merger on
Millennium and COR on a stand-alone basis for the six fiscal years ending December 31, 2006 using projections for fiscal years 2001 through 2006 obtained from Millennium's and COR's management.
For the fiscal years 2001 through 2006, Goldman Sachs compared, among other financial items, diluted cash earnings per share for the combined company on a pro forma basis. Goldman
Sachs' analysis indicated that the proposed merger would be accretive to Millennium's diluted earnings per share in estimated years 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006. 

    Miscellaneous.
  The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description. Selecting portions of the analyses or of the summary described above, without considering the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying Goldman Sachs' opinion. In arriving at its fairness determination, Goldman Sachs considered the results of all the analyses and did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or
analysis considered by it; rather, Goldman Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all the analyses. No
company used in the above analyses as a comparison is directly comparable to COR or Millennium, and no transaction used is directly comparable to the proposed merger. 

    Goldman
Sachs prepared these analyses solely for purposes of providing an opinion to the COR board of directors as to the fairness of the exchange ratio to the holders of shares of
COR common stock from a financial point of view. The analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect the prices at which the business or securities actually may be sold. Analyses
based upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Because these
analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty and are based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or their respective advisors, none of COR, Millennium or Goldman Sachs
assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those forecasted. As described above, the 

opinion of Goldman Sachs to the COR board of directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by the COR board in making its determination to approve the merger agreement. The foregoing
summary does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs. 

    Goldman
Sachs, as part of its investment banking business, is continually engaged in performing financial analyses with respect to businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities and private placements and for estate, corporate and other purposes.
Goldman Sachs is familiar with COR, having provided investment banking services to COR from time to time, including having acted as lead manager in connection with the private placement of COR's 5.0%
Convertible Subordinated Notes due March 1, 2007 in February 2000 and its 4.5% Convertible Senior Notes due June 15, 2006 in June 2000, and having acted as its financial advisor in
connection with, and having participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the merger agreement. Goldman Sachs also has provided certain investment banking services to Millennium from time to
time, including having acted as managing underwriter in connection with the initial public offering of Millennium common stock in May 1996 and as lead manager in connection with the issuance of
Millennium's 5.5% Convertible Subordinated Notes due January 15, 2007 in January 2000. 

    COR
selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor because Goldman Sachs is an internationally recognized investment banking firm that has substantial experience in transactions
similar to the merger. In addition, Goldman Sachs provides a full range of financial, advisory and securities services and in the course of its normal trading activities may from time to time effect
transactions and hold positions in securities, including derivative securities, of COR and Millennium for its own account and for the accounts of customers. In addition, Goldman Sachs may provide
investment banking services to Millennium and its subsidiaries in the future. 

    Pursuant
to a letter agreement, dated October 3, 1999, as amended, COR engaged Goldman Sachs to act as its financial advisor in connection with the possible sale of all or a
portion of COR. Pursuant to this letter agreement, COR has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a customary transaction fee upon consummation of the transaction. COR has also agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys' fees and disbursements, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs against certain liabilities, including certain
liabilities under the federal securities laws. 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger  

    When COR stockholders consider the recommendation of the board with respect to the merger, they should be aware that some officers and directors of COR have
interests in connection with the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of the COR stockholders generally, as summarized below. In making their decision to recommend the
merger, the COR board was aware of these interests and considered them among the other matters described above under the section entitled "The MergerCOR's Reasons for the Merger" on
page 39. 

    As
of January 2, 2002, the executive officers of COR held outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 2,371,894 shares of COR common stock and the
non-employee directors of COR held outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 255,440 shares of COR common stock. Upon completion of the merger, all of the
then-unvested options granted to the executive officers and non-employee directors of COR shall be converted into unvested options to purchase shares of Millennium common
stock, subject to the same terms and conditions as in effect immediately prior to the merger. See "The Merger AgreementTreatment of COR Stock Options" on page 64 for a description
of the treatment of outstanding COR stock options upon completion of the merger. 

    1991 Equity Incentive Plan.
  Under the terms of the COR 1991 Equity Incentive Plan, in the event of a change of control
and within one month before or 24 months after the date of such change of 

control the service of any participant in the plan to COR, or any successor entity, terminates due to an involuntary termination without cause or a voluntary termination by the participant due to a
constructive termination, then the vesting and exercisability of that participant's options shall accelerate and become fully vested. For the purposes of the plan, the term "change of control" is
defined to include a reorganization, merger or consolidation. The term "cause" is defined to mean that (1) the participant has committed an act that materially injures the business of the
company, (2) the participant has refused or failed to follow lawful and reasonable directions of the person to whom the participant reports, (3) the participant has willfully or
habitually neglected his or her duties to the company or (4) the participant has been convicted of a felony involving moral turpitude that materially injures the business of the company. The
term "constructive termination" is defined to mean that the participant voluntarily terminates his or her employment after any of the following are undertaken by the company without the participant's
express written consent: (1) substantial diminution of the participant's duties and/or level of responsibility, (2) a 15% or greater reduction in the participant's annual base salary,
(3) any failure by the company to continue in effect any substantial benefit program or plan or (4) the relocation of the participant's principal business office to a location more than
50 miles from the prior location. As of November 30, 2001, the executive officers of COR held outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 2,353,102 shares of COR common stock and the
non-employee directors of COR held outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 140,000 shares of COR common stock under this plan. 

    1998 Non-Officer Equity Incentive Plan.
  Under the terms of the COR 1998 Non-Officer Equity
Incentive Plan, in the event of a change of control and within one month before or 24 months after the date of such change of control the service of any participant in the plan to COR (or any
successor entity) terminates due to an involuntary termination without cause or a voluntary termination by the participant due to a constructive termination, then the vesting and exercisability of
that participant's options shall accelerate and become fully vested. For the purposes of the plan, the term "change of control" is defined to include a reorganization, merger or consolidation. The
term "cause" is defined to mean that (1) the participant has committed an act that materially injures the business of the company, (2) the participant has refused or failed to follow
lawful and reasonable directions of the person to whom the participant reports, (3) the participant has willfully or habitually neglected his or her duties to the company or (4) the
participant has been convicted of a felony involving moral turpitude that materially injures the business of the company. The term "constructive termination" is defined to mean that the participant
voluntarily terminates his or her employment after any of the following are undertaken by the company without the participant's express written consent: (1) substantial diminution of the
participant's duties and/or level of responsibility, (2) a 15% or greater reduction in the participant's annual base salary, (3) any failure by the company to continue in effect any
substantial benefit program or plan or (4) the relocation of the participant's principal business office to a location more than 50 miles from the prior location. As of November 30,
2001, one executive officer of COR held outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 18,792 shares of COR common stock under this plan. 

    Key Employee Change in Control Severance Plan.
  Under the terms of the COR Key Employee Change in Control Severance
Plan, any participant in the plan is eligible to receive (1) a continuation of salary for 18 months, (2) a payment equal to a percentage of the participant's target bonus equal to
the percentage of such year the participant was employed by the company and (3) a continuation of health benefits for a period of 12 months. Any person who is a member of the executive
committee or a vice president of COR at any time during the six-month period prior to a change in control or prior to that person's termination of employment with the company and whose
employment is terminated due to involuntary termination without cause or voluntary termination for good reason within 12 months of a change of control is eligible to participate in the plan.
For the purposes of the plan, the term "change of control" is defined to include a reorganization, merger or consolidation. The term involuntary termination without cause is defined to mean any
dismissal or discharge for a reason other 

than cause. The term "cause" is defined to mean that (1) the participant has committed an act that materially injures the business of the company, (2) the participant has refused or
failed to follow lawful and reasonable directions of the person to whom the participant reports, (3) the participant has willfully or habitually neglected his or her duties to the company or
(4) the participant has been convicted of a felony involving moral turpitude that materially injures the business of the company. The term "voluntary termination for good reason" is defined to
mean that the participant voluntarily terminates his or her employment after any of the following are undertaken by the company without the participant's express written consent:
(1) substantial diminution of the participant's duties and/or level of responsibility, (2) a 5% or greater reduction in the participant's annual base salary or (3) the relocation
of the participant's principal business office to a location more than 50 miles from the prior location. 

    Indemnification.
  COR has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers containing
provisions that may require COR to, among other things: 


indemnify
its directors and executive officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or executive officers,
other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct of a culpable nature;


advance
their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified; and


maintain
directors' and officers' liability insurance if available on reasonable terms. 

    In
addition, Millennium has agreed to cause COR to continue to honor and maintain certain indemnification arrangements in favor of those persons who are currently covered by those
arrangements for a period of six years. Those persons who are currently covered by COR's directors' and officers' liability will also be covered by directors' and officers' liability insurance to be
obtained by COR, with aggregate premiums not to exceed 200% of the annual premium currently paid by COR for this coverage. See the section entitled "The Merger AgreementCovenants of
Millennium and CORDirector and Officer Indemnification" on page 71. 

    Directors and Executive Officers.
  At the time of the merger, Millennium will appoint Vaughn M. Kailian, COR's
President, Chief Executive Officer and director, to be a director and Vice Chairperson of Millennium. Millennium will also appoint Shaun R. Coughlin, M.D., Ph.D., Ernest Mario, Ph.D. and Ginger L.
Graham, directors of COR, to be directors of Millennium. In addition, Millennium will appoint Charles J. Homcy, M.D., COR's Executive Vice President of Research and Development, to be President of
Research and Development at Millennium. 

    Vaughn M. Kailian.
  Vaughn M. Kailian is in discussions with Millennium regarding the terms of his employment with
Millennium following completion of the merger, which would include the extension of existing severance benefits (including acceleration of options held at the time of the merger) and compensation for
relocation expenses including reimbursement of certain costs for living arrangements in the Boston or Cambridge area. 

Treatment of COR Common Stock  

    In the merger, each share of COR common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock. 

    Holders
of COR common stock should not send in any certificates representing COR common stock. Following the effective time of the merger, holders of COR common stock will receive
instructions for the surrender and exchange of their stock certificates. 

Accounting Treatment of the Merger  

    Millennium will use the purchase method of accounting for a business combination to account for the merger. Under this method of accounting, the assets and
liabilities of COR, including intangible assets, will be recorded at their fair values. The results of operations and cash flows of COR will be included in Millennium's financials prospectively as of
the completion of the merger. 

Effect on Millennium Stock Options and Warrants  

    No adjustment to any outstanding Millennium stock options or warrants will occur as a result of the merger. 

Regulatory Approvals  

    Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, Millennium may not complete the acquisition of shares of COR common stock in the
merger until notifications have been furnished to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the required waiting period has been satisfied or terminated.
The initial waiting period is 30 days after both Millennium and COR have filed their required pre-merger notification and report forms. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission or
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice may issue, during the initial waiting period, a second request, requiring Millennium and COR to submit additional information and documentary
materials. If such a second request were to be issued, it would extend the waiting period until a date 30 days after Millennium and COR substantially complied with their obligations under the
second request. However, if either the initial or second 30-day period ends on a weekend or legal holiday, then the waiting period is extended to the next business day. Millennium and COR
each filed a pre-merger notification and report form with the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division on December 18, 2001. 

    At
any time before the effective time of the merger, the Antitrust Division, the Federal Trade Commission or a private person or entity could seek under antitrust laws, among other
things, to enjoin the merger and any time after the effective time of the merger, to cause Millennium to divest itself, in whole or in part, of the surviving corporation of the merger or of businesses
conducted by the surviving corporation of the merger. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger will not be made or that, if a challenge is made, Millennium will prevail. The
obligations of Millennium and COR to complete the merger is subject to the condition that any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have expired or terminated.
See the section entitled "The Merger AgreementConditions to Obligations to Complete the Merger" on page 72. 

Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations  

    The discussion below summarizes the material United States federal income tax considerations generally applicable to United States holders of COR common stock
who, pursuant to the merger, exchange their COR common stock for Millennium common stock and cash in lieu of any fractional share of Millennium common stock. Completion of the merger is conditioned on
Millennium's receipt of an opinion from Hale and Dorr LLP (or Cooley Godward LLP if Hale and Dorr does not provide the opinion) and COR's receipt of an opinion from Cooley Godward (or Hale and Dorr if
Cooley Godward does not provide the opinion) to the effect that the merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code. The discussion below reflects the opinions of Hale and Dorr and Cooley Godward, which are included as exhibits 8.1 and 8.2 to the registration statement of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part. 

    The
discussion below is, and the opinions of Hale and Dorr and Cooley Godward will be, based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, currently applicable United States
Treasury 

regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and administrative decisions and rulings. The opinions of Hale and Dorr and Cooley Godward are based on the facts, representations and assumptions set
forth or referred to in the opinions, including representations contained in certificates executed by officers of Millennium and COR. The opinions are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or
the courts, and there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or the courts will not take a contrary view. No ruling from the Internal Revenue Service has been or will be sought. Future
legislative, judicial or administrative changes or interpretations could alter or modify the statements and conclusions set forth herein, and these changes or interpretations could be retroactive and
could affect the tax consequences of the merger to Millennium, COR and the stockholders of COR. 

    The
discussion below and the opinions of Hale and Dorr and Cooley Godward do not purport to deal with all aspects of federal income taxation that may affect particular stockholders in
light of their individual circumstances, and are not intended for stockholders subject to special treatment under federal income tax law. Stockholders subject to special treatment include insurance
companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions, broker-dealers, foreign individuals and entities, stockholders who hold their stock as part of a hedge, appreciated financial position,
straddle, conversion or other risk reduction transaction, stockholders whose stock is qualified small business stock within the meaning of section 1202 of the Internal Revenue Code,
stockholders who do not hold their stock as capital assets and stockholders who have acquired their stock upon exercise of employee options or otherwise as compensation. In addition, the discussion
below and such opinions do not consider the effect of any applicable state, local or foreign tax laws. Moreover, this discussion and such opinions do not address the tax consequences of transactions
effectuated prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the merger (whether or not such transactions are undertaken in connection with the merger), the consequences of the assumption by Millennium
of outstanding COR stock options or the consequences of the merger and related transactions with respect to COR indebtedness. 

You are urged to consult with your tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences of the merger, including the applicability and effect of any state, local
or foreign tax laws, and of changes in applicable tax laws.

    In
the opinion of Hale and Dorr, counsel to Millennium, and in the opinion of Cooley Godward, counsel to COR, the merger will be treated as a "reorganization" within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, subject to the limitations and qualifications referred to herein, the following tax consequences will result: 


No
gain or loss will be recognized by the holders of COR common stock upon the receipt of Millennium common stock in exchange for COR common stock in the
merger, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of fractional shares.


Cash
payments received by holders of COR common stock in lieu of a fractional share will be treated as capital gain (or loss) measured by the difference
between the cash payment received and the portion of the tax basis in the shares of COR common stock surrendered that is allocable to the fractional share. Any such gain (or loss) will be long-term
capital gain (or loss) if the COR common stock has been held for more than one year at the effective time of the merger.


The
aggregate tax basis of the Millennium common stock received by each COR stockholder in the merger, including any fractional share of Millennium common
stock not actually received, will be the same as the aggregate basis of the COR common stock surrendered in the exchange.


The
holding period of the Millennium common stock received by each COR stockholder in the merger will include the holding period for the COR common stock
surrendered in the exchange. 

    A
successful Internal Revenue Service challenge to the "reorganization" status of the merger would result in your recognizing gain or loss with respect to each share of COR common
stock 

surrendered in the merger equal to the difference between your basis in your COR common stock and the fair market value, as of the completion of the merger, of the Millennium common stock received in
exchange therefor. In the event of a successful challenge, your total tax basis in the Millennium common stock so received would equal its fair market value, as of the completion of the merger, and
your holding period for the stock would begin the day after the merger. 

    There
will be no United States federal income tax consequences to the holders of Millennium common stock as a result of the completion of the merger. 

    Even
if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, a recipient of Millennium common stock would recognize income to the extent that, for example, any such shares were determined to
have been received in exchange for services, to satisfy obligations or in consideration for anything other than COR common stock surrendered in the merger. Generally, such income would be taxable as
ordinary income upon receipt. In addition, to the extent that a COR stockholder were treated as receiving, directly or indirectly, consideration other than Millennium common stock in exchange for such
stockholder's COR common stock, gain or loss would have to be recognized. 

    Each
COR stockholder who receives shares of Millennium common stock in the merger is required to file a statement with his, her or its federal income tax return setting forth the
stockholder's basis in the shares of COR common stock surrendered and the fair market value of Millennium common shares
and the proceeds from the cash in lieu of fractional shares received in the merger and is required to retain permanent records of these facts relating to the transaction. 

Resales of Millennium Common Stock Issued in Connection with the Merger; Affiliate Agreements  

    Millennium common stock issued in connection with the merger will be freely transferable, except that shares of Millennium common stock received by persons who
are deemed to be "affiliates," as the term is defined by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, of COR may be resold by them only in transactions permitted by the resale provisions of
Rule 145 under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act. 

No Appraisal Rights  

    Millennium stockholders and COR stockholders are not entitled to exercise dissenters or appraisal rights as a result of the merger or to demand payment for
their shares under applicable law. 

Delisting and Deregistration of COR Common Stock Following the Merger  

    If the merger is completed, COR's common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    

The following is a brief summary of the material provisions of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this summary. While we believe that this summary covers the material terms of the merger agreement, this summary may not contain
all of the information that is important to COR stockholders and Millennium stockholders. We urge all COR stockholders and Millennium stockholders to read the merger agreement in its entirety for a
more complete description of the terms and conditions of the merger and related matters.

General  

    Following the adoption of the merger agreement by the stockholders of COR, the approval by Millennium stockholders of the issuance of Millennium common stock
to the stockholders of COR and the satisfaction or waiver of the other conditions to the merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium named PGM Corporation will be merged into COR. COR will be the
surviving entity of the merger and will then be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium. If all conditions to the merger are satisfied or waived, the merger will become effective at the time of the
filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

The Exchange Ratio and Treatment of COR Common Stock  

    At the effective time of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of COR common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.9873 of a share of
Millennium common stock. The exchange ratio will be adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar change with
respect to Millennium common stock or COR common stock, occurring after the date of the merger agreement and before the effective time. In addition, if the actual number of (i) shares of COR
common stock outstanding on December 5, 2001, (ii) shares of COR common stock issuable upon exercise of options outstanding on December 5, 2001, other than shares subject to
purchase under COR's employee stock purchase plan, and (iii) shares of COR common stock issuable upon conversion of convertible notes outstanding on December 5, 2001, is determined to
have been greater than 78,232,268 (which is the number of such shares represented to be outstanding or issuable on such date by COR in the merger agreement) by more than 37,500 shares, the exchange
ratio will be reduced to the ratio derived by multiplying 0.9873 times a fraction the numerator of which is 78,232,268 and the denominator of which is the sum of the number of shares described in
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this sentence. 

    Based
on the exchange ratio of 0.9873 and the number of shares of COR common stock outstanding on the date of the merger agreement, a total of up to approximately 78,472,940 shares of
Millennium common stock could be issued as a result of the merger, consisting of 55,038,103 shares to be issued in respect of outstanding shares of COR common stock as of the record date,
6,096,517 shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding COR options, 16,155,535 shares issuable upon the conversion of outstanding COR convertible notes and 1,182,785 shares issuable
upon the exercise of additional COR options which may be granted prior to the closing of the merger. An additional number of shares of Millennium common stock will also be issuable in exchange for
shares purchased by COR employees prior to the consummation of the merger under COR's employee stock purchase plan. 

Treatment of COR Stock Options  

    At the effective time of the merger, Millennium will assume COR's stock option plans, other than its Employee Stock Purchase Plan which will be terminated
prior to the merger, and each outstanding option to purchase shares of COR common stock, which will then become an option to purchase shares of Millennium common stock. The number of shares of
Millennium common stock issuable upon the exercise of COR stock options assumed by Millennium in the merger will be adjusted by multiplying 

the number of shares of COR common stock subject to the stock option prior to the merger by the exchange ratio. The number of shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options assumed by Millennium
in the merger will be rounded down to the nearest whole number. 

    The
exercise price per share under each COR stock option will also be adjusted to equal the aggregate exercise price for the shares of COR common stock purchasable pursuant to the
option immediately prior to the effective time of the merger divided by the number of shares of Millennium common stock purchasable pursuant to the option immediately after the effective time. The
exercise price of stock options assumed by Millennium in the merger will be rounded up to the nearest whole cent. 

    Millennium
has reserved for issuance a sufficient number of shares of its common stock for delivery if a COR optionholder exercises its options as described above. After the effective
time of the merger, Millennium will file a registration statement on Form S-8 with respect to the assumed COR stock options. During the period that any options remain
outstanding, Millennium will use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of this registration statement on Form S-8. In addition, Millennium will use reasonable efforts to
cause any assumed COR "incentive stock options" as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code to continue to so qualify after the merger. 

Exchange of Certificates  

    Exchange Agent; Exchange Procedures; No Further Ownership Rights.
  As soon as practicable after the effective time of
the merger, Millennium's exchange agent will mail to each record holder of COR common stock a letter of transmittal and instructions for surrendering their certificates. Only those holders who
properly surrender their certificates in accordance with the instructions will receive certificates representing shares of Millennium common stock, cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Millennium
common stock, and any dividends or distributions to which they are entitled. The surrendered certificates representing shares of COR common stock will be canceled. 

    After
the effective time of the merger, under the merger agreement, each certificate representing shares of COR common stock that has not been surrendered will only represent the
right to receive: 


shares
of Millennium common stock; 

cash
in lieu of any fractional shares of Millennium common stock; and 

any
dividends or distributions on shares of Millennium common stock after the effective time of the merger. 

Following
the effective time of the merger, COR will not register any transfers of shares of COR common stock on its stock transfer books. 

    No Fractional Shares.
  Millennium will not issue any fractional shares of Millennium common stock in the merger.
Instead, each holder of shares of COR common stock converted in connection with the merger who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Millennium common stock will receive
cash, without interest, in an amount equal to the product of the fractional share multiplied by the average of the last reported sale prices of Millennium common stock on the Nasdaq National Market
during the ten consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day prior to the closing date of the merger. As of the effective time of the merger, Millennium will deposit with its exchange agent
the shares of Millennium common stock issuable in connection with the merger and cash in an amount sufficient to cover any payment in lieu of fractional shares or any dividends or distributions. 

    Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares.
  No dividends or other distributions declared or made on or after the
effective time of the merger with respect to shares of Millennium common stock will be
paid to the holder of any unsurrendered COR certificate with respect to the shares of Millennium common stock that the holder is entitled to receive, and no cash payment in lieu of 

fractional shares will be paid to the holder until the holder surrenders its COR certificate. Upon surrender of the certificate, Millennium will pay to the record holder of the certificate, without
interest, any dividends or distributions with respect to the shares of Millennium common stock which have a record date on or after the effective time of the merger and have become payable between the
effective time of the merger and the time of surrender. 

    Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
  If any certificate representing shares of COR common stock is lost, stolen or
destroyed, a COR stockholder must provide an appropriate affidavit of that fact to Millennium. Millennium may also require the COR stockholder to deliver a bond as indemnity against any claim that may
be made against or COR with respect to any certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. Only upon receipt of the affidavit, and bond, if requested, will Millennium's exchange agent
issue the shares of Millennium common stock, any cash payable for fractional shares, and any dividends or distributions that have become payable between the effective time of the merger and the time
of surrender. 

    Holders
of COR common stock should not send in their certificates until they receive a letter of transmittal from the exchange agent. 

Representations and Warranties  

    The merger agreement contains representations and warranties of Millennium and COR. These include: 


their
organization, existence, good standing, corporate power and similar corporate matters; 

their
capitalization; 

the
authorization, execution, delivery and performance and the enforceability of the merger agreement and related matters; 

the
absence of conflicts, violations and defaults under their corporate charters and by-laws and other agreements and documents; 

the
identification of required governmental and third-party consents; 

the
accuracy of filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

the
absence of undisclosed liabilities; 

the
absence of changes in their respective businesses from the date of the most recent balance sheet; 

absence
of litigation; 

intellectual
property; 

material
contracts; 

product
liability; 

environmental
matters; 

employee
benefit plans; 

preclinical
testing and clinical trials; 

regulatory
matters; 

the
accuracy of information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus 

receipt
of an opinion from financial advisors; and 

broker's
fees. 

    COR
also provided representations relating to: 


the
accuracy of tax return and the absence of unpaid taxes; 

real
property leases; 

suppliers;


compliance
with laws; 

labor
matters; 

insurance;


the
absence at the time of the signing of the merger agreement of discussions with third parties regarding an acquisition proposal; 

the
inapplicability of certain anti-takeover statutes and charter provisions to the merger; and 

the
amendment to the COR rights plan so that the merger and associated actions do not result in the ability of any person to exercise any rights
thereunder. 

    The
representations and warranties of the parties to the merger agreement will not survive the consummation of the merger. 

Covenants of Millennium and COR  

    Conduct of COR's Business Prior to the Merger.
  Except as contemplated by the merger agreement or consented to in
writing by Millennium, COR has agreed that it will carry on its business in the ordinary course and use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with past practices, to maintain its business
organization, keep available the services of its present officers and key employees and preserve its relationships with customers, strategic partners, suppliers, distributors and others having
material business dealings with it. COR has agreed that, with specified exceptions, neither it nor any of its subsidiaries will take certain actions without the prior written consent of Millennium,
including: 


change
the nature of its business operations so that COR is no longer primarily engaged in the biopharmaceutical business; 

accelerate
or change the exercisability of any outstanding option or restricted stock grant or authorize or make cash payments in exchange for convertible
debt or options except as required by the terms of any agreement in effect on the date of the merger agreement; 

declare,
set aside or pay any dividends or other distributions on its shares of capital stock, or split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock, or
purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or any other of its securities or any rights, warrants or options to acquire shares of its capital stock or any other of its
securities; 

issue
any shares of capital stock or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any shares of capital stock, other than pursuant to the terms of any
agreement in effect on the date of the merger agreement; 

amend
or accelerate the payment, right to payment or vesting of any compensation or benefits other than pursuant to the terms of any agreement in effect on
the date of the merger agreement; 

acquire
any business or any business organization or division, or any assets (other than inventory and other items in the ordinary course of business); 

sell,
lease or dispose of any property or assets, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 


increase
the compensation of any director, officer or employee, other than increases in compensation for employees not including officers at the level of
vice president and above in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or as may be contractually required at the date of the merger agreement, or grant any severance or termination
pay to, or enter into employment or severance agreements with any directors, officers or employees; 

establish,
adopt, enter into or amend any bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment, termination or severance or similar agreement or benefit plan; 

forgive
any indebtedness of any directors, officers or employees; 

amend
its certificate of incorporation or by-laws; 

incur
any indebtedness for borrowed money; 

issue,
sell, amend or guarantee any debt securities; 

make
any loans or advances, except routine employee advances in the ordinary course of business, or capital contributions to, or investment in, any other
person; 

enter
into hedging agreements or other related financial agreements, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

initiate,
compromise or settle any material litigation or arbitration proceeding; 

except
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, modify, amend or terminate in a material manner any material contract, license or
other agreement, or waive, release or assign any material rights or claims; 

make
or rescind any material tax election, settle or compromise any material tax liability, or make any material amendment to any tax return; 

make
any material changes in financial accounting methods, unless required by generally accepted accounting principles; 

make
or commit to any capital expenditure other than as set forth in the COR capital budget; 

license
any intellectual property rights to or from any third party, other than shrink-wrapped off-the-shelf software licenses; 

close
any material facility or office; 

make
new, or renew existing, investments in debt securities or other instruments maturing more than 180 days after the date of investment, or equity
securities of any entity other than wholly-owned COR subsidiaries; 

initiate
any new clinical trials or any new phase of any ongoing clinical trials, approve or participate in any investigator-sponsored trial, or file any
new drug application or biologics license application with the FDA or any similar foreign regulatory body; 

knowingly
take any action that would reasonably be expected to materially delay, materially impede or materially restrict the consummation of the merger; 

adopt
or implement any stockholder rights plan or amend COR's existing stockholder rights plan other than as provided in the merger agreement; 

take
any action to make the Delaware antitakeover statute, any other state takeover statute or regulation, or antitakeover provisions of the COR
certificate of incorporation inapplicable to any person; 

take
any action that would prevent or impede the merger from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986; or 


authorize,
commit or agree to take any action that would prevent the satisfaction of the conditions to the merger. 

    Conduct of Millennium's Business Prior to the Merger.
  Except as contemplated by the merger agreement, Millennium has
agreed that, unless consented to by COR in writing, neither it nor its subsidiaries will take certain actions, including: 


change
the nature of its business so that Millennium is no longer primarily engaged in the biopharmaceutical business; 

make
any amendment to its certificate of incorporation that adversely affects Millennium common stock; 

make
any material changes to the certificate of incorporation of PGM Corporation; 

declare,
set aside or pay any dividends or other distributions on shares of Millennium capital stock or effect a stock split, combine or reclassify any of
its capital stock; 

take
any action that adversely affects COR's stockholders disproportionately and materially as compared to the current stockholders of Millennium; 

issue
any shares of Millennium capital stock or securities convertible into shares of Millennium capital stock, other than pursuant to the terms of
agreements and other instruments in effect on the date of the merger agreement, issuances of options and shares of capital stock to employees and consultants and up to 20,000,000 shares of common
stock as Millennium may determine in its discretion; 

knowingly
take any action that would reasonably be expected to materially delay, materially impede, or materially restrict the consummation of the merger;
or 

take
any action that would prevent or impede the merger from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986. 

    COR is Restricted from Trying to Sell to Another Party.
  COR has agreed that until the effective time of the merger or
the termination of the merger agreement, whichever first occurs, it will not and will not cause, authorize or permit any of its directors, officers, employees, affiliates or their representatives to,
directly or indirectly: 


solicit,
initiate or encourage any inquiries or proposals that constitute, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any acquisition proposal; 

engage
in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect to, any acquisition proposal; 

subject
to applicable law and the satisfaction of certain conditions, withdraw or modify or propose to withdraw or modify the approval of the merger by the
COR board of directors or the recommendation by the COR board of directors of the adoption of the merger agreement; 

amend
or grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any COR common stock, or take other specified actions to
facilitate a third party offer; 

approve,
agree to or recommend any acquisition proposal; or 

enter
into any agreement, letter of intent or similar document or contract relating to any acquisition proposal. 

    COR
also agreed to cease all discussions, negotiations and other activities prohibited by the foregoing that existed on the date the merger agreement was signed. COR also agreed to
notify Millennium within 24 hours of the receipt of any acquisition proposal or request for nonpublic information in connection with any acquisition proposal. COR also agreed to keep Millennium
informed, on a prompt basis, of the status of any such acquisition proposal or request. 

    An "acquisition proposal" is, other than the merger described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, any proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, business combination, sale
of substantial assets, tender or exchange offer, share exchange, sale of shares of capital stock or similar transaction involving COR or any of its subsidiaries (other than employee stock issuances
otherwise permitted under the merger agreement or pursuant to the conversion of the convertible notes). 

    Notwithstanding
the foregoing, COR may furnish information with respect to COR to any person making an unsolicited acquisition proposal, and engage in discussions or negotiations with
such person, provided that 


COR
did not breach the foregoing provisions in a manner that resulted in its receipt of the unsolicited offer or otherwise breached the foregoing
provisions in any material respect; 

the
board of directors of COR believes in good faith and after consultation with its financial advisor that the acquisition proposal would result in a
superior proposal and COR's board of directors determines in good faith after consultation with outside legal counsel that such action was necessary for the board to comply with its fiduciary duties
to stockholders. A superior proposal is an acquisition proposal that is more favorable than the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement, taking into account all relevant factors; 

prior
to furnishing any such information or discussing such proposal, the COR board of directors receives an executed confidentiality agreement from such
person; and 

prior
to furnishing such information or discussing such proposal, COR gives Millennium at least three business days' prior notice. 

    Stockholders Meetings.
  Each of Millennium and COR has agreed to hold its special meeting of stockholders as soon as
practicable after the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part is declared effective. Subject to the determination by Millennium's or
COR's board of directors after consultation with its outside legal counsel that it is required to withdraw or modify its recommendation to comply with its fiduciary duties, each board is obligated to
recommend approval of the actions to be considered by their respective stockholders. 

    Consents; Other Actions.
  Millennium and COR have also agreed to use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to
take all appropriate actions to complete the merger, including: 


obtaining
any governmental consents, licenses, permits or waivers necessary to consummate the merger, making all necessary filings under any applicable
domestic or foreign law, including the federal or state securities laws and executing any additional instruments necessary to consummate the merger; 

obtaining
any governmental clearances or approvals required under federal, state or foreign antitrust laws in order to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement; and 

obtaining
specified third party consents that are required to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

    Nasdaq Quotation.
  Millennium has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the shares of its common stock
to be issued in the merger to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market. Millennium and COR have each agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to continue the quotation of its common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market during the term of the merger agreement. 

    Reorganization.
  Millennium and COR have each agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the merger to be
treated as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Millennium and COR adopted the merger agreement as a plan of reorganization. 

    Director and Officer Indemnification.
  Millennium has agreed that, for a period of six years following the effective
time of the merger, it will cause COR to indemnify the present and former directors and officers of COR against losses arising out of or pertaining to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the
effective time of the merger, to the extent that the indemnified parties would have been entitled to be so indemnified and held harmless pursuant to contracts or other documents in existence on the
date of the merger agreement. Millennium has also agreed to cause COR, for six years after the merger, to maintain in effect, with specified exceptions, a directors' and officers' liability insurance
policy covering those persons who were covered by the directors' and officers' liability insurance policy of COR on December 5, 2001, with coverage in amount and scope at least as favorable to
such persons as the current coverage provided by COR, provided that Millennium will not be required to expend in excess of 200% of the annual premium currently paid by COR for such coverage. 

    Appointment to Millennium Board of Directors.
  At the effective time of the merger, Millennium will enlarge the size of
its board of directors to twelve directors and elect Shaun R. Coughlin, M.D., Ph.D. as a class III director, Ginger L. Graham as a class I director, Vaughn M. Kailian as a class I
director, and Ernest Mario, Ph.D. as a class II director to the Millennium board of directors. 

    Notification.
  Millennium and COR have agreed to give prompt notice to one another of any event that would be likely to
result in a material breach of any representation or warranty contained in the merger agreement or the material failure of any covenant, condition or agreement in the merger agreement to be complied
with. 

    Employee Matters.
  As promptly as practicable after the effective time of the merger, Millennium has agreed to enroll
COR employees in Millennium's employee benefit plans, to the extent applicable. If it is not reasonably practicable for COR employees to be enrolled in any one or more of Millennium's benefit plans,
due to geographic location or otherwise, Millennium has agreed to continue to enroll the COR employees in the corresponding COR plan in which such COR employees are enrolled as of the
effective time of the merger, or in a reasonably comparable plan. Unless otherwise requested by Millennium, COR will terminate the COR 401(k) plan prior to the effective time of the merger. 

    Indentures.
  COR and Millennium have agreed to take all actions as is required by the indentures for the COR convertible
notes in connection with the merger, including the execution and delivery of supplemental indentures. Immediately following the effective time of the merger, Millennium has agreed to enter into a
supplemental indenture pursuant to which it has agreed to provide a full and unconditional guarantee of COR's obligations under the COR convertible notes. 

Conditions to Obligations to Complete the Merger  

    The obligations of both Millennium and COR to effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions: 


the
COR stockholders must have adopted the merger agreement and approved the merger and the Millennium stockholders must have approved the issuance of
Millennium common stock to COR stockholders in the merger;


all
applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act must have expired or been terminated;


Millennium
and COR must have made all filings and obtained all authorizations, consents, orders and approvals required to be obtained from or filed with
any governmental entity which if not obtained or filed would reasonably likely have a material adverse effect on Millennium or COR;


the
registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part must have become effective and not be the subject of a stop order
and no proceedings for that purpose can have been threatened in writing or initiated;


no
court or government agency shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered into any order, stay, decree, judgment or injunction or statute,
rule or regulation that is in effect and that has the effect of making the merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting the merger; and


the
listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Millennium common stock that will be issued to COR stockholders in the merger must have been approved. 

    In
addition, the obligations of Millennium to effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions: 


the
representations and warranties of COR in the merger agreement must be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and, unless they speak as
of an earlier date, as of the effective time of the merger, except, other than specified representations, where the failure to be true and correct have not and would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be likely to result in a material adverse effect on COR;


COR
must have performed, in all material respects, its obligations required to be performed by it under the merger agreement;


Millennium
must have received an opinion from Hale and Dorr LLP to the effect that the merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, provided that if Hale and Dorr LLP does not render such an opinion, then the condition will be deemed satisfied
if Cooley Godward LLP renders the opinion;


COR
must have obtained all consents and approvals of third parties required in connection with the merger that if not obtained would be reasonably likely
to result in a material adverse effect on COR;


unless
such action or proceeding would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on COR or
Millennium, there shall not be instituted or pending any action or proceeding by any governmental entity seeking to restrain, prohibit or otherwise interfere with Millennium's ability to own or
operate the business of COR or to own shares of COR or to compel Millennium to dispose of or hold separate all or any portion of the business of COR or Millennium, or seeking to impose or confirm
limitations on 

Millennium's
ability to exercise full rights of ownership of the shares of COR common stock, or seeking to require divestiture by Millennium of any such shares; and 


Millennium
must have received copies of the resignations of each director of COR and its subsidiaries. 

    A
material adverse effect on COR is any material adverse change, event, circumstance, development or effect on: 


COR's
assets, business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects taken as a whole; or


COR's
ability to consummate the merger. 

    However,
certain items, including the following, are not taken into account in determining whether there has been a material adverse effect on COR: 


adverse
changes in the price of COR's common stock alone;


adverse
changes, events, circumstances, developments or effects resulting from a change in general economic, industry or financial market conditions, so
long as these conditions or events do not substantially disproportionately affect COR;


changes,
events, circumstances, developments or effects resulting from a breach of the merger agreement by Millennium;


adverse
changes, events, circumstances, developments or effects resulting from any acts of terrorism or war, including the events of September 11,
2001, fighting in Afghanistan, letters containing anthrax and similar circumstances;


adverse
changes, events, circumstances, developments or effects directly resulting from the public announcement or pendency of the merger; and


adverse
changes, events, circumstances, developments or effects resulting from or relating to the taking of any action required by the merger agreement. 

    In
addition, the obligation of COR to effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions: 


the
representations and warranties of Millennium in the merger agreement must be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and, unless they
speak as of an earlier date, as of the effective time of the merger, except where the failure to be true and correct have not and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to
result in a material adverse effect on Millennium;


Millennium
must have performed, in all material respects, its obligations required to be performed by it under the merger agreement;


COR
must have received an opinion from Cooley Godward LLP to the effect that the merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, provided that if Cooley Godward LLP does not render such an opinion, then the condition will be deemed satisfied if Hale and
Dorr LLP renders the opinion; and


unless
such action or proceeding would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on COR or
Millennium, there shall not be instituted or pending any action or proceeding by any governmental entity seeking to restrain, prohibit or otherwise interfere with Millennium's ability to own or
operate the business of COR or to own shares of COR or to compel Millennium to dispose of or hold separate all or any 

portion
of the business of COR or Millennium, or seeking to impose or confirm limitations on Millennium's ability to exercise full rights of ownership of the shares of COR common stock, or seeking to
require divestiture by Millennium of any such shares. 

    A
material adverse effect on Millennium is any material adverse change, event, circumstance, development or effect on: 


Millennium's
assets, business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects taken as a whole; or


Millennium's
ability to consummate the merger. 

    However,
the following are not taken into account in determining whether there has been a material adverse effect on Millennium: 


adverse
changes in the price of Millennium's common stock alone;


adverse
changes, events, circumstances, developments or effects resulting from a change in general economic, industry or financial market conditions, so
long as these conditions or events do not substantially disproportionately affect Millennium;


changes,
events, circumstances, developments or effects resulting from a breach of the merger agreement by COR;


adverse
changes, events, circumstances, developments or effects resulting from any acts of terrorism or war, including the events of September 11,
2001, fighting in Afghanistan, letters containing anthrax and similar circumstances;


adverse
changes, events, circumstances, developments or effects directly resulting from the public announcement or pendency of the merger; or


adverse
changes, events, circumstances, developments or effects resulting from or relating to the taking of any action required by the merger agreement. 

Termination; Expenses and Termination Fees  

 Termination  

    The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger abandoned at any time prior to the effective time of the merger by mutual written consent of Millennium
and COR. In addition, either Millennium
or COR may terminate the merger agreement upon written notice at any time prior to the effective time of the merger under the following circumstances: 


if
the merger is not completed by June 30, 2002, provided that the right of a party to terminate the merger agreement for this reason is not
available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under the merger agreement has been the principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the merger to occur on or before that date;


if
any governmental order, decree, ruling or action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger shall become final and
non-appealable;


if
the meeting of COR stockholders has been held and completed, and the requisite vote of the COR stockholders to adopt the merger agreement was not
obtained; or


if
the meeting of Millennium stockholders has been held and completed, and the requisite vote of the Millennium stockholders to approve the issuance of
Millennium common stock to the stockholders of COR in the merger was not obtained. 

    In
addition, Millennium can terminate the merger agreement upon written notice if: 


(1) the
COR board of directors fails to recommend, or withdraws or modifies its recommendation that the COR stockholders adopt the merger agreement
or fails to reconfirm its recommendation within five business days after Millennium requests it to do so, (2) the COR board of directors approves or recommends an acquisition proposal other
than the merger, or recommends a tender offer or, within a 10 days after a tender offer, fails to recommend against or takes no position regarding a tender offer, (3) COR knowingly and
materially breaches any of its covenants to file and obtain the effectiveness of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or to hold its stockholders meeting and such breach is not cured within 30 days
of receiving notice of the breach, or (4) COR knowingly and materially breaches its obligations under the merger agreement not to solicit other acquisition proposals; or


COR
breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement that has or would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on COR, or
results in COR's failure to perform in all material respects the covenants in the merger agreement, and that breach is not cured within 30 days of receiving written notice of the breach. 

    In
addition, COR can terminate the merger agreement upon written notice if: 


the
Millennium board of directors shall have failed to recommend, or shall have withdrawn or modified its recommendation that the Millennium stockholders
approve the issuance of shares in the merger;


COR
shall have requested that the Millennium board of directors reconfirm its recommendation of the issuance of shares in the merger and the board of
directors of Millennium fails to do so within five business days after COR's request;


Millennium
knowingly and materially breaches any of its obligations under the merger agreement to file and obtain the effectiveness of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or to hold its stockholders meeting (subject to certain cure rights);


COR
provides written notice to Millennium of its bona fide intention to enter in a binding written agreement for a superior proposal, provided that
(1) COR did not breach the non-solicitation provisions in the merger agreement in a manner that resulted in its receipt of the superior proposal or otherwise breached the
non-solicitation provisions in any material respect; (2) COR notifies Millennium in writing of the superior proposal, including the material terms and conditions, and notifies
Millennium of its intention to enter into a binding agreement with respect to the superior proposal; (3) Millennium does not make an offer within three business days of being notified of the
superior proposal that is as favorable as the superior proposal, as determined by the COR board of directors in good faith and in consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor and
after taking into account all relevant factors, and (4) COR pays the termination fee described below; or


Millennium
breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement that has or would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on
Millennium, or results in Millennium's failure to perform in all material respects the covenants in the merger agreement, and the breach is not cured within 30 days of receiving written notice
of the breach. 

    If
either Millennium or COR terminates the merger agreement because of any of the reasons above, all obligations of the parties under the merger agreement will terminate, except
specified provisions, including those relating to the obligation to pay fees and expenses described below. However, no termination shall relieve Millennium or COR from liability or damages resulting
from any breach by that person of the merger agreement. 

 Expenses  

    Generally, Millennium and COR will bear their own expenses incurred in connection with the merger. However, Millennium and COR will share equally the filing
fee of Millennium's pre-merger notification report and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with preparing, filing and mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus, other than
accountants' and attorneys' fees. 

    COR
has agreed to pay up to $3,000,000 to Millennium as reimbursement for Millennium's fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger upon termination by Millennium or COR
because the merger is not completed by June 30, 2002 due to COR's breach of any representation or warranty that has had or would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on
COR, or due to COR's failure to perform in all material respects the covenants in the merger agreement. 

    Millennium
has agreed to pay up to $3,000,000 to COR as reimbursement for COR's fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger upon termination by Millennium or COR because
the merger is not completed by June 30, 2002 due to Millennium's breach of any representation or warranty that has had or would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on
Millennium, or due to Millennium's failure to perform in all material respects the covenants in the merger agreement. 

 Termination Fees  

    COR must pay Millennium a termination fee of $75,000,000 upon termination of the merger agreement: 


by
Millennium because:


the
COR board of directors fails to recommend, or withdraws or modifies its recommendation that the COR stockholders adopt the merger agreement or fails to
reconfirm its recommendation within five business days after Millennium requests it to do so,


the
COR board of directors approves or recommends an acquisition proposal other than the merger, or recommends a tender offer or, within a 10 days
after a tender offer, fails to recommend against or takes no position regarding a tender offer,


COR
knowingly and materially breaches its obligations under the merger agreement not to solicit other acquisition proposals,


COR
knowingly and materially breaches any of its covenants to file and obtain the effectiveness of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or to hold its
stockholders meeting and such breach is not cured within 30 days of receiving written notice of the breach; or 


by
Millennium or COR because the merger agreement is terminated because the merger is not completed by June 30, 2002 (and the party terminating the
merger agreement is not the principal cause of the reason the merger has not been completed) or because the meeting of COR stockholders has been held and completed and the requisite vote of the COR
stockholders to adopt the merger agreement was not obtained, but only if:


a
third party has publicly announced an acquisition proposal involving more than 40% of the stock or assets of COR before the termination of the merger
agreement which has not been withdrawn or abandoned; and


an
acquisition proposal involving more than 40% of the stock or assets of COR is consummated with a third party within 9 months of the termination
or COR enters into a definitive agreement to be acquired by a third party within 9 months of the termination and the acquisition is consummated within 18 months of the termination; 


by
COR if COR provides written notice to Millennium of its bona fide intention to enter into a binding written agreement for a superior proposal, provided
that:


COR
did not breach the non-solicitation provisions in the merger agreement in a manner that resulted in its receipt of the superior proposal or
otherwise breached the non-solicitation provisions in any material respect,


COR
notified Millennium in writing of the superior proposal, including the material terms and conditions,


Millennium
did not make within three business days of the notice of the superior proposal an offer that is as favorable as the superior proposal, as
determined by the COR board of directors in good faith and in consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor. 

    Millennium
must pay COR a termination fee of $75,000,000 upon termination of the merger agreement: 


by
COR because the Millennium board of directors fails to recommend, or withdraws or modifies its recommendation that the Millennium stockholders adopt the
merger agreement or fails to reconfirm its recommendation within a specified number of days after COR requests it to do so, or Millennium knowingly and materially breaches any of its obligations under
the merger agreement to file and obtain the effectiveness of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or to hold its stockholders meeting (subject to certain cure rights); or


by
Millennium or COR because the merger agreement is terminated because the merger is not completed by June 30, 2002 (and the party terminating the
merger agreement is not the principal cause of the reason the merger has not been completed) or the meeting of the Millennium stockholders convened for the purpose of adopting the merger agreement has
been held and completed but the issuance of Millennium common stock in connection with the merger was not approved, but only if:


a
third party has publicly announced an acquisition proposal involving more than 40% of the assets or stock of Millennium which is directly or indirectly
contingent upon the merger not being consummated before the termination of the merger agreement which has not been withdrawn or abandoned, and


an
acquisition proposal involving more than 40% of the assets or stock of Millennium is consummated with a third party within 9 months of the
termination or Millennium enters into a definitive agreement to be acquired by a third party within 9 months of the termination and the acquisition is consummated within 18 months of the
termination. 

Amendment  

    Generally, the board of directors of each of Millennium and COR may agree to amend the merger agreement at any time before or after the approval of the matters
presented in connection with the merger by the stockholders of COR or Millennium, provided that after such stockholder approvals are obtained, the merger agreement may not be amended in a way which by
law requires further approval by the stockholders of Millennium or COR unless such further stockholder approval is obtained. Amendments must be in writing and signed by all parties. 

RELATED AGREEMENTS    

Voting Agreements  

    As an inducement to Millennium to enter into the merger agreement, on December 5, 2001, Shaun R. Coughlin, M.D., Ph.D., James T. Doluisio, Ph.D., Ginger
L. Graham, Charles J. Homcy, M.D., Jerry T. Jackson, Vaughn M. Kailian, Ernest Mario, Ph.D., Michael G. McCaffery, Lee M. Rauch and Peter S. Roddy, each of whom is a director or officer of COR, each
entered into separate voting agreements with Millennium. Pursuant to these agreements, these COR stockholders agreed to vote their shares in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and approval
of the merger. As of January 2, 2002, these stockholders beneficially owned an aggregate of 506,754 outstanding shares of COR common stock. These shares represented less than 1% of the
outstanding shares of COR common stock on January 2, 2002, the record date for the special meeting of COR stockholders. Each person also irrevocably appointed Millennium as his or her proxy, to
vote his or her shares accordingly. The form of voting agreement is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

    As
an inducement to COR to enter into the merger agreement, on December 5, 2001, Eugene Cordes, John B. Douglas III, A. Grant Heidrich III, Raju S. Kucherlapati, Eric S.
Lander, Mark J. Levin, John Maraganore, Linda K. Pine, Kevin P. Starr and Robert Tepper, each of whom is a director or officer of Millennium, each entered into separate voting agreements with COR.
Pursuant to these agreements, these Millennium stockholders agreed to vote their shares in favor of the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger. As of January 2, 2002, these
stockholders beneficially owned an aggregate of 4,810,612 outstanding shares of Millennium common stock. These shares represented approximately 2.2% of the outstanding shares of Millennium common
stock on January 2, 2002, the record date for the special meeting of Millennium stockholders. Each person also irrevocably appointed COR as his or her proxy, to vote his or her shares
accordingly. The form of voting agreement is attached as Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Supplemental Indentures Relating to COR Convertible Notes  

    Immediately following the effective time of the merger, Millennium has agreed to enter into a supplemental indenture pursuant to which it will provide a full
and unconditional guarantee of COR's obligations under the COR convertible notes. Following the effective time, the notes will become convertible into shares of Millennium common stock. In addition,
pursuant to the terms of the notes
issued in February 2000, within 30 days following the effective time of the merger, COR is required to offer to the holders of the February 2000 notes the right to redeem their notes at a price equal
to par value plus accrued interest, unless the closing price per share of COR's common stock on any five trading days during the ten consecutive trading days prior to the consummation of the merger
equals or exceeds $35.47. Pursuant to the terms of the notes issued in June 2001, within 30 days following the effective time of the merger, COR is required to offer to the holders of the June 2001
notes the right to redeem their notes at a price equal to par value plus accrued interest, unless the closing price per share of COR's common stock on any five trading days during the ten consecutive
trading days prior to the consummation of the merger equals or exceeds $42.10. Millennium expects to merge COR directly into Millennium after the effective time of the merger, in which case COR would
cease to exist and all obligations of COR would become direct obligations of Millennium. This merger of COR into Millennium may occur as soon as immediately after the effective time of the merger. 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

    The following unaudited pro forma combined financial statements have been prepared to give effect to the merger using the purchase method of accounting. 

    The
unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet as of September 30, 2001 gives effect to the merger as if it had occurred on such date, and reflects the allocation of the
purchase price to the COR assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated respective fair values. The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations combine the historical
unaudited statements of operations of Millennium and COR as if the merger had occurred on January 1, 2000. These pro forma financial statements continue to classify COR's convertible notes as
long-term debt because although a redemption offer must be made at the time of the merger, it is not certain whether the holders will accept the offer before such offer expires. It is expected that
following the merger, Millennium will incur additional costs in connection with integrating the operations of the two companies. Integration-related costs are not included in the accompanying
unaudited pro forma combined financial statements. 

    Unaudited
pro forma combined financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the financial position or results of operations
that would have actually been reported had the merger occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor is it necessarily indicative of future financial position or results of operations. These
unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are based upon the respective historical financial statements of Millennium and COR, as adjusted, and do not incorporate, nor do they assume, any
benefits from cost savings or synergies of operations of the combined company. 

    The
allocation of the purchase price is preliminary and is based, in part, upon information provided to date by COR to Millennium and its advisors. Such purchase price allocation will
be finalized following consummation of the merger and finalization of appraisals to determine the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible assets. Based on an analysis of fair value, the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets on COR's balance sheet will then be allocated to acquired in-process research and development, identifiable
intangible assets and the remaining balance to goodwill. 

    The
Millennium statement of operations for the period in which the merger occurs will include a significant charge for acquired in-process research and development,
currently estimated to be approximately $239.0 million, or 12.9% of the purchase price. This amount represents the values determined by Millennium management, using a discounted cash flow
methodology, to be attributable to the in-process research and development programs of COR based on a preliminary valuation of such programs. Such amount is subject to significant change
pending completion of the final independent
valuation analysis. The charge relates to specific on-going research and development programs and preclinical projects. 

    The
total estimated amount of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets is approximately $1.6 billion with a useful life for identifiable intangible assets with definite
lives of approximately thirteen years. Because the valuation analysis has not been completed, the actual amount of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, and the related average useful life,
could vary from these assumptions. 

MILLENNIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.    

    UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS    

    AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2001    

(in thousands)

Historical

Millennium

Historical

COR

Pro Forma

Adjustments

Pro Forma

Millennium

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

61,464

$

242,835

$

(59,142

)(E),(F)

$

245,157

Marketable securities

1,466,238

390,440



1,856,678

Due from strategic alliance partners

25,648





25,648

Contract receivables



15,395

16,211

 (F)

31,606

Prepaid compromotion expenses



84,321



84,321

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

15,537

1,738



17,275

Total current assets

1,568,887

734,729

(42,931

)

2,260,685

Property and equipment, net

136,533

6,077



142,610

Restricted cash and other assets

34,714

17,900



52,614

Goodwill, net

132,865



1,052,312

 (D)

1,185,177

Intangible assets, net

22,733



438,000

 (B)

520,733

60,000

 (C)

Total assets

$

1,895,732

$

758,706

$

1,507,381

$

4,161,819

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$

15,361

$

9,710

$



$

25,071

Accrued expenses

72,139

14,900

39,168

 (G)

126,207

Deferred revenue

54,554

72,404

(72,404

)(E)

54,554

Current portion of capital lease obligations

16,125



17,084

Total current liabilities

158,179

97,973

(33,236

)

222,916

Deferred revenue

41,392





41,392

Capital lease obligations, net of current portion

32,086



32,833

Long term debt

83,325





83,325

Convertible senior notes



300,000



300,000

Convertible subordinated notes



300,000



300,000

Other long-term liabilities





Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders' equity:

Common Stock

(5

)(H)

 (H)

Additional paid-in capital

2,413,882

284,864

(284,864

)(H)

4,267,699

1,719,069

 (H)

119,794

 (H)

14,954

 (H)

Deferred compensation

(898

)



(14,954

)(H)

(15,852

)

Notes receivable from officers

(354

)





(354

)

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

43,540

5,095

(5,095

)(H)

43,540

Accumulated deficit

(875,641

)

(230,662

)

(239,000

)(A)

(1,114,641

)

230,662

 (H)

Total stockholders' equity

1,580,750

59,302

1,540,617

3,180,669

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity

$

1,895,732

$

758,706

$

1,507,381

$

4,161,819

MILLENNIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.    

    UNAUDITED PRO FORMA STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    

    FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2001    

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Historical

MPI

Historical

COR

Pro Forma

Adjustments

Pro Forma

Millennium

Revenue under strategic alliances

$

191,605

$



$



$

191,605

Copromotion revenue



85,532



85,532

Development and other contract revenue



8,334



8,334

Total revenue

191,605

93,866



285,471

Costs and expenses:

Cost of copromotion revenue



38,838



38,838

Research and development

285,945

35,113



321,058

Marketing, general and administrative

53,948

22,626



76,574

Amortization of intangible assets

48,010



25,269

 (I)

73,279

Stock compensation





5,212

 (L)

5,212

387,903

96,577

30,481

514,961

Loss from operations

(196,298

)

(2,711

)

(30,481

)

(229,490

)

Equity in operations of joint venture

1,700





1,700

Interest income

79,151

21,154



100,305

Interest expense

(7,020

)

(17,195

)



(24,215

)

Debt conversion expense

(2,567

)





(2,567

)

Income (loss) before income taxes

(125,034

)

1,248

(30,481

)

(154,267

)

Provision for income taxes



(25

)



(25

)

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders

$

(125,034

)

$

1,223

$

(30,481

)

$

(154,292

)

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders, basic

$

(0.57

)

$

0.02

$

(0.56

)

(55,370

)(J)

Weighted average shares, basic

217,766

55,370

56,233

 (K)

273,999

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders, diluted

$

(0.57

)

$

0.02

$

(0.56

)

(59,203

)(J)

Weighted average shares, diluted

217,766

59,203

56,233

 (K)

273,999

MILLENNIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.    

    UNAUDITED PRO FORMA STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    

    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000    

Historical

MPI

Historical

COR

Pro Forma

Adjustments

Pro Forma

Millennium

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Revenue under strategic alliances

$

196,269

$



$



$

196,269

Copromotion revenue



96,943



96,943

Development and other contract revenue



7,798



7,798

Total revenue

196,269

104,741



301,010

Costs and expenses:

Cost of copromotion revenue



52,908



52,908

Research and development

268,740

43,031



311,771

Marketing, general and administrative

49,315

30,414



79,729

Amortization of intangible assets

55,123



33,692

 (I)

88,815

Stock compensation





6,821

 (L)

6,821

373,178

126,353

40,513

540,044

Loss from operations

(176,909

)

(21,612

)

(40,513

)

(239,034

)

Equity in operations of joint venture

(5,409

)





(5,409

)

Interest income

54,987

19,461



74,448

Interest expense

(19,681

)

(14,500

)



(34,181

)

Debt conversion expense

(54,852

)





(54,852

)

Minority interest

(63

)





(63

)

Loss before income taxes and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

(201,927

)

(16,651

)

(40,513

)

(259,091

)

Income tax benefit





86,224

 (M)

86,224

Deemed preferred stock dividend

(45,668

)





(45,668

)

Loss attributable to common stockholders before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle(1)

$

(247,595

)

$

(16,651

)

$

45,711

$

(218,535

)

Loss attributable to common stockholders, basic before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

$

(1.28

)

$

(0.31

)

$

(0.88

)

(53,243

)(J)

Weighted average shares, basic

192,835

53,243

56,233

 (K)

249,068

Loss attributable to common stockholders, diluted before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

$

(1.28

)

$

(0.31

)

$

(0.88

)

(53,243

)(J)

Weighted average shares, diluted

192,835

53,243

56,233

 (K)

249,068

Note 1: The cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is a one-time, noncash charge relating
to Millennium's adoption of Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"). SAB 101 was issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in December 1999. SAB 101 provides
guidance related to revenue recognition policies based on interpretations and practices followed by the SEC. The impact of Millennium's adoption of SAB 101 was to defer revenue recognition for certain
portions of the revenue previously recognized by Millennium under its strategic alliances into future accounting periods. Refer to Note 6 of Millennium's 2000 audited financial statements. 

MILLENNIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.    

    NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

    (in thousands, except per share amounts)    

Note 1  

    On December 5, 2001, Millennium signed an agreement to acquire COR in a purchase transaction. The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements
reflect the conversion of all of the outstanding shares of COR common stock into approximately 56.2 million shares of Millennium common stock pursuant to the merger. This calculation is based
on COR outstanding common stock at December 5, 2001 using the conversion ratio of 0.9873 of a share of Millennium common stock for each share of outstanding COR common stock. In addition,
options to purchase approximately 6.2 million shares of COR common stock with a weighted average exercise price of $8.26 will be assumed by Millennium pursuant to the merger and converted into
options to purchase approximately 6.1 million shares of Millennium common stock. The exact number of shares to be issued and the number of options assumed by Millennium in connection with the
merger will depend upon the number of shares and options of COR outstanding at the close of the merger. These pro forma financial statements continue to classify COR's convertible notes as long-term
debt because although a redemption offer must be made at the time of the merger, it is not certain whether the holders will accept the offer before such offer expires. 

    The
total cost of the proposed merger is estimated to be approximately $1.9 billion determined as follows: 

Fair value of Millennium shares (calculated using $30.57 per share average fair value for the three days prior to and after announcement of the merger)

$

1,719,125

Value of COR options assumed net of intrinsic value of unvested options

119,794

Millennium transaction costs, consisting primarily of financial advisory, legal and accounting fees

18,385

$

1,857,304

    Millennium's
common stock has been valued using an average price for three days before and after the announcement of the merger. The fair value of options assumed was determined using
the Black-Scholes method assuming expected lives ranging from one to five years, a risk-free rate of 5.5%, volatility of 86.87% and no expected dividends. In accordance with FASB
Interpretation No. 44, or FIN 44, Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensationan Interpretation of APB 25, a portion of the intrinsic value of unvested
options of COR has been allocated to deferred stock compensation. Deferred stock compensation will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated remaining vesting period of the
related options. For purposes of preparing the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements, Millennium estimated the intrinsic value of the unvested options using the stock price on the date of
the merger. Upon consummation of the merger, Millennium will determine the final amount of deferred compensation based on the closing price of its common stock on the date of consummation of the
merger, and, therefore, the final amount of deferred compensation will be different from the amounts presented in these unaudited pro forma combined financial statements. 

    The allocation of the purchase price is preliminary and is based upon a preliminary valuation of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, Millennium has
allocated the total cost of the merger to the net assets of COR as follows: 

Net tangible assets acquired

$

67,992

In-process research and development

239,000

Indentifiable intangible assets (primarily developed technology13 year useful life and trademarkindefinite life)

498,000

Goodwill

1,052,312

$

1,857,304

    The
amount of identifiable intangible assets, the estimated useful lives and acquired in-process research and development will be determined upon completion of an appraisal and,
therefore, may be different from the amount presented in these unaudited pro forma combined financial statements. To the extent the amounts and estimated useful lives are different than those
presented above, the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements could change significantly. 

Note 2  

    The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheets include the adjustments necessary to give effect to the merger as if it had occurred on September 30,
2001 and to reflect the allocation of the acquisition cost to the estimated fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as noted above, including the elimination of
COR's equity accounts. Adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma combined balance sheets are summarized as follows: 

A.
To
record the estimated one-time non-cash charge to operations for in-process research and development of
$239,000.

B.
To
record the estimated valuation of $438,000 for COR developed technology.

C.
To
record the estimated valuation of $60,000 for the COR trademark.

D.
To
record the estimated valuation of $1,052,312 for the COR goodwill.

E.
To
record the refunding of $42,931 of amounts previously received from Schering that are repayable by COR upon a change of control and to eliminate
remaining deferred revenue of $29,473.

F.
To
record the refunding of amounts previously received from Schering that are repayable by COR upon a change in control. Approximately $16,211 of
these amounts must be returned by Schering within 45 days of the merger.

G.
To
record the accrual of the estimated transaction costs of $36,385 and $2,783 of merger related contingencies. Estimated merger costs include all
costs directly incurred as a result of the merger including, but not limited to, fees for financial advisors, accountants and attorneys and other related costs. 

H.
To
eliminate COR's historical shareholders' equity accounts and to record the issuance of 56.2 million shares of Millennium $.001 par value
common stock to acquire all of the outstanding common stock of COR, including an adjustment of $119,794 to additional paid-in-capital to reflect the fair value of all COR stock
options assumed by Millennium in the merger. The foregoing adjustments also include an adjustment to record the intrinsic value of unvested COR options assumed by Millennium in the merger in
accordance with FIN 44. 

Note 3  

    The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations include the adjustments necessary to give effect to the merger as if it had occurred on
January 1, 2000: 

I.
To
record the amortization of identifiable intangible assets using an estimated useful life of thirteen years.

J.
To
eliminate COR weighted average common shares outstanding.

K.
Pro
forma basic and diluted net loss per share amounts for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2001 are based upon the historical weighted average number of Millennium common stock outstanding adjusted to reflect the issuance as of January 1, 2000 of approximately
56.2 million shares of Millennium common stock. The impact of outstanding options 
and
warrants, including COR options assumed, has been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share, as the effect would be antidilutive. 

L.
To
record compensation expense for unvested COR options assumed by Millennium in the merger in accordance with FIN 44.

M.
To
record the utilization of the deferred tax liability that would have been recognized had the merger taken place on January 1, 2000. 

INFORMATION CONCERNING MILLENNIUM    

    Millennium's goal is to become the biopharmaceutical company of the future. It plans to develop breakthrough drugs and predictive medicine products that
ultimately enable physicians to more closely customize medical treatment to a patient's needs by combining knowledge of the genetic basis for disease and the genetic characteristics of a particular
patient on a molecular basis. Millennium is primarily focusing its research and development and planned commercialization activities in three key areas: oncology, inflammation and metabolic disease.
Millennium is also striving to significantly improve drug development productivity by applying its broad proprietary scientific and technological capabilities and methods to the drug discovery
process. Millennium views the pursuit of mergers, acquisitions and product in-licensing as important in achieving its goals. Either alone or in collaboration with strategic partners, Millennium has
developed one therapeutic product that has received FDA approval for use in an oncology indication and currently has nine product candidates in various stages of clinical development. At
December 31, 2001, Millennium had approximately 1,500 employees. 

    Millennium
has entered into research, development and commercialization arrangements with major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies relating to a broad range of therapeutic and
predictive medicine products and services. These alliances provide Millennium with the opportunity to receive royalties and/or share profits if its collaborations are successful in developing and
commercializing products. In many cases, Millennium also retains product rights for itself from these alliances. Millennium has also entered into technology development and technology transfer
arrangements with major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Under each of these arrangements Millennium works cooperatively with the other party to enhance Millennium's technology platform and
provide such party a license to use Millennium's technology platform in exchange for fees and, in some cases, the opportunity to receive royalties if the other party is successful in developing and
commercializing products using Millennium's technology platform. 

    Millennium
was incorporated in Delaware in 1993. Its principal executive offices are located at 75 Sidney Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 and its telephone number is
(617) 679-7000. 

Recent Stock Issuances  

    During the fourth quarter of 2001, Millennium issued an aggregate of 1,071,705 shares of Millennium common stock under a private placement to the former
stockholders of ProScript, Inc. in exchange for extinguishing certain contingent payment obligations that arose out of the acquisition of ProScript by LeukoSite, Inc. in August 1999. Millennium
assumed these obligations when it acquired LeukoSite in December 1999. 

    On
December 10, 2001, Millennium sold 1,046,957 shares of Millennium common stock to Abbott Laboratories for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$28.5 million pursuant to an investment agreement between Abbott Laboratories and Millennium dated March 9, 2001. 

Directors and Executive Officers of Millennium  

    The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of Millennium's directors and executive officers. 

Name

Age

Positions Held

Mark J. Levin

Chairperson, Chief Executive Officer and President

Kevin P. Starr

Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer

John B. Douglas III

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Paul R. Hamelin

Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations

John Maraganore, Ph.D.

Senior Vice President, Strategic Product Development

Linda K. Pine

Senior Vice President, Human Resources

Robert Tepper, M.D.

Executive Vice President, Discovery and Chief Scientific Officer

Eugene Cordes, Ph.D

Director

A. Grant Heidrich, III

Director

Raju S. Kucherlapati, Ph.D.

Director

Eric S. Lander, Ph.D.

Director

Edward D. Miller, Jr.

Director

Norman C. Selby

Director

Kenneth E. Weg

Director

    Mr. Levin
has served as Millennium's Chairperson of the Board of Directors since March 1996, as Millennium's Chief Executive Officer since
November 1994 and as a director of Millennium since its inception. From 1987 to 1994, Mr. Levin was a partner at Mayfield, a venture capital firm, and co-director of its Life
Science Group. While employed with Mayfield, Mr. Levin was the founding Chief Executive Officer of several biotechnology and biomedical companies, including Cell Genesys Inc., Stem
Cells, Inc. (formerly CytoTherapeutics Inc.), Tularik Inc. and Focal, Inc. Mr. Levin holds an M.S. in Chemical and Biomedical Engineering from Washington University.
Mr. Levin also serves on the Board of Directors of StemCells, Inc. 

    Mr. Starr
has served as Chief Operating Officer of Millennium since December 2001 and Chief Financial Officer since December 1998. From June 2001 to
December 2001 he served as Executive Vice President, Business Operations of Millennium. From June 2000 to June 2001, Mr. Starr served as a Senior Vice President of
Millennium. From March 1998 to December 1998, he served as the Vice President, Finance of Millennium BioTherapeutics, Inc., while it was a majority-owned subsidiary of Millennium.
Prior to joining Millennium BioTherapeutics, Mr. Starr held the positions of Corporate Controller and Manager of Financial Analysis at Biogen from 1991 to 1998. Mr. Starr holds a B.A.
degree in mathematics and business from Colby College and an M.S. degree in corporate finance from Boston College. 

    Mr. Douglas
has served as Millennium's General Counsel since May 1999 and Senior Vice President since June 2000. Prior to joining Millennium, Mr. Douglas
was engaged in the private practice of law as a sole practitioner and as a partner at the Boston law firm of Hutchins, Wheeler & Dittmar from October 1997 until May 1999.
Mr. Douglas was previously Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Apple Computer, Inc., a computer software and hardware company, from January to October 1997.
Mr. Douglas was Senior or Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Reebok International Ltd., a sports and fitness products company, from 1994 to January 1997, and was
responsible for several other corporate staff functions for most of this period, including Real Estate, Tax, Human Resources and Public Affairs, and he was Vice President and General Counsel of Reebok 

from 1986 to 1994. Mr. Douglas received his J.D. from Harvard Law School and his A.B. from Colgate University. 

    Mr. Hamelin
joined Millennium in December 2000 as its Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations. Most recently Mr. Hamelin served as Senior Vice President,
Global Medical Marketing for Pharmacia/Monsanto, a global pharmaceutical company, from June 1999 to November 2000. He served as Vice President Global Marketing for Searle/Monsanto, a
pharmaceutical company, from 1997 to 1999. From 1995 to 1996, Mr. Hamelin served as General Manager and Vice President of Worldwide CV Franchise for Searle/Monsanto. 

    Dr. Maraganore
was appointed Senior Vice President, Strategic Product Development of Millennium in December 2000 after serving as Vice President, Strategic Product
Development from June 2000 to December 2000. He served as Millennium's Vice President, Strategic Planning and Mergers and Acquisitions from December 1999 to June 2000. From
July 1997 to December 1999, he served as a director and from May 1997 to December 1999, he served as Vice President and General Manager, of Millennium
BioTherapeutics Inc., a majority-owned subsidiary of Millennium which merged into Millennium in December 1999. Dr. Maraganore served from 1987 to 1997 at Biogen, Inc., a
biopharmaceutical company, serving from 1995 to 1997 as Director of Marketing and Business Development and from 1992 to 1995 as Director of Biological Research. Dr. Maraganore received his
Ph.D. from the University of Chicago. 

    Ms. Pine
has served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources of Millennium since October 1994. From 1990 to 1994, Ms. Pine served as Vice President of Consulting
Services for The Survey Group, a regional human resources survey and consulting firm. From 1982 to 1990, she was Vice President of Human Resources and Corporate Relations with Collaborative
Research, Inc. (now Genome Therapeutics Corporation). She earned her B.A. from Brandeis University and her M.P.A. from Northeastern University. 

    Dr. Tepper
has served as Executive Vice President, Discovery of Millennium since June 2001 and Chief Scientific Officer of Millennium since March 1999. From
June 2000 to June 2001 he served as a Senior Vice President of Millennium. He joined Millennium in August 1994 as Director, Biology, served as Vice President, Biology from
January 1996 to November 1997 and served as Chief Scientific Officer, Pharmaceuticals from November 1997 to March 1999. From 1990 to 1994, Dr. Tepper served as
Director of the Laboratory of Tumor Biology at Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center where he was the recipient of a Lucille P. Markey Biomedical Scholar award. Dr. Tepper was also a
founder and member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Cell Genesys Inc. Dr. Tepper received his M.D. from Harvard Medical School and completed his residency in medicine at Massachusetts
General Hospital where he was Chief Resident. 

    Dr. Cordes
has been a director of Millennium since July 1995 and a Professor of Pharmacy and Adjunct Professor of Chemistry, University of Michigan in Ann Arbor since
September 1995. From 1988 to
October 1994, Dr. Cordes served as a Vice President of Sterling Winthrop, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, and as President of that company's Pharmaceuticals Research Division. 

    Mr. Heidrich
has been a director of Millennium since January 1993 and has served as a general partner of Mayfield, a venture capital firm, since 1983.
Mr. Heidrich received his M.B.A. from Columbia University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Heidrich also serves on the Board of Directors of Tularik, Inc. (as Chairman of the
Board), a biotechnology company, and several private companies. 

    Dr. Kucherlapati
is a founder of Millennium and has served as a director of Millennium since January 1993. Since September 2001, Dr. Kucherlapati has
served as the Paul C. Cabot Professor of Genetics, Harvard Medical School and as the first Scientific Director, Harvard-Partners Center for Genetics and Genomics. From 1989 to
September 2001, Dr. Kucherlapati served as the Lola and Saul Kramer Professor and Chairman of the Department of Molecular Genetics at the Albert Einstein 

College of Medicine. He received his M.S. in Biology from Andhra University (India) and his Ph.D. in Genetics from the University of Illinois, Urbana. Dr. Kucherlapati also serves on the Board
of Directors of Abgenix, Inc. and Valentis, Inc., both of which are biotechnology companies. 

    Dr. Lander
is a founder of Millennium and has served as a director of Millennium since January 1993. From 1993 to the present, Dr. Lander has served as Director
of the Whitehead/MIT Center for Genome Research and has been a member of the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research since 1989. From 1989 to the present, Dr. Lander has also held the
positions of Associate Professor and Professor in the Department of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Dr. Lander received his Ph.D. in Mathematics from Oxford University,
which he attended as a Rhodes Scholar. Dr. Lander also serves on the board of directors of Aclara Biosciences Inc. 

    Dr. Miller
has been a director of Millennium since October 2000 and has served as Chief Executive Officer of Johns Hopkins Medicine, Dean of The Johns Hopkins University
School of Medicine and Vice President for Medicine of The Johns Hopkins University since 1997. He was Professor and Chairman of the Department of Anesthesiology and Critical Care at The Johns Hopkins
University from 1994 to 1999. Dr. Miller also serves on the Board of Directors of M.S.D. & T. Funds, Inc. 

    Mr. Selby
has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TransForm Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a drug development company since June 2001. He has been a
director of Millennium since May 2000. He served as head of the Consumer Internet Business at Citigroup, a financial services company, from June 1999 to July 2000. He also served
as Executive Vice President at Citicorp from September 1997 to July 2000. Prior to joining Citicorp, he was a director and senior partner at McKinsey & Company, an international
management consulting firm, and head of the firm's global pharmaceutical practice.
Mr. Selby also serves on the Board of Directors of The Central Park Conservancy, Medsite, Inc. and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. 

    Mr. Weg
has been a director of Millennium since March 2001 and has served as founder and Chairman of Clearview Projects Inc., a company engaged in partnering and
deal transaction services to biopharmaceutical companies and academic institutions, since February 2001. Prior to his retirement in February 2001 from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, a
pharmaceutical company, he served as Vice Chairman since 1999 and a member of the Office of Chairman since 1998, having been elected to the Board in 1995. Mr. Weg was elected Executive Vice
President of Bristol-Myers in 1995 and was President of the Worldwide Medicines Group from 1997 to 1998, President of the Pharmaceutical Group from 1993 to 1996 and President of Pharmaceutical
Operations from 1991 to 1993. Mr. Weg serves on the Board of Directors of Fox Chase Cancer Center. 

Director Compensation  

    Cash compensation.
  Each director who is not an employee of Millennium receives: 

Annual retainer:

$15,000

Attendance Fees:

$1,500 for each board meeting

$750 for each conference telephone board meeting

$750 for each board committee meeting attended in person and not held in conjunction with a board meeting

    Millennium
also reimburses non-employee directors for reasonable travel and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with their service as directors. 

    Stock compensation.
  Directors also participate in Millennium's 2000 Stock Incentive Plan. Under the option program for
directors adopted by the Millennium board of directors, Millennium's non-employee directors receive: 

Initial Grant:

30,000 shares, granted in thirds on the date the director is first elected, one month and two months later.

Annual Grant:

7,500 shares granted in thirds on May 1st, June 1st and July 1st of each year.

Committee Chair:

500 shares added to annual grant.

Lead Outside

Director:

1,500 shares added to annual grant.

    The
initial option grants vest on a monthly basis beginning one month from the date of election and become fully vested on the fourth anniversary of the date of election. The annual
grants vest monthly beginning as of June 1st in the year granted and become fully vested on May 1st of the fourth year after the grant date. Each option terminates on the earlier of
(i) ten years after the date of grant or (ii) the date 90 days after the optionee ceases to serve as a director (or one year in the case of disability and three years in the event
of death). Under the 2000 Plan, an option becomes fully vested upon the death of the director. The exercise price of options granted under the 2000 Plan is equal to the closing price of Millennium
common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the date of grant. 

    Under
the Millennium 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, Kenneth E. Weg, upon his election to the Millennium board of directors, was granted an option to purchase 10,000 shares on
March 12, 2001 at an exercise price of $25.18 per share, an option to purchase 10,000 shares on April 12, 2001 at an exercise price of $34.95 per share, and an option to purchase 10,000
shares on May 11, 2001 for an exercise price of $34.38 per share. The exercise prices for all of these options are equal to the fair market value on the dates of grant. 

    On
May 1, 2001, under the Millennium 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, Eugene Cordes and Eric S. Lander were each granted an option to purchase 2,500 shares, A. Grant Heidrich III was
granted an option to purchase 3,167 shares, Raju Kucherlapati and Norman C. Selby were each granted an option to purchase 2,667 shares, Edward D. Miller, Jr. was granted an option to purchase 1,875
shares, and Mr. Weg was granted an option to purchase 625 shares. The exercise price for all of these options is $36.46 per share, the fair market value on the date of grant. 

    On
June 1, 2001, under the Millennium 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, Dr. Cordes and Dr. Lander were each granted an option to purchase 2,500 shares,
Mr. Heidrich was granted an option to purchase 3,167 shares, Dr. Kucherlapati and Mr. Selby were each granted an option to purchase 2,667 shares, Dr. Miller was granted an
option to purchase 1,875 shares, and Mr. Weg was granted an option to purchase 625 shares. The exercise price for all of these options is $39.92 per share, the fair market value on the date of
grant. 

    On
July 1, 2001, under the Millennium 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, Dr. Cordes and Dr. Lander were each granted an option to purchase 2,500 shares,
Mr. Heidrich was granted an option to purchase 3,166 shares, Dr. Kucherlapati and Mr. Selby were each granted an option to purchase 2,666 shares, Dr. Miller was granted an
option to purchase 1,875 shares, and Mr. Weg was granted an option to purchase 625 shares. The exercise price for all of these options is $35.58 per share, the fair market value on the date of
grant. 

Compensation of Executive Officers  

    Summary Compensation 

    This
table shows certain information about the compensation paid to Millennium's Chief Executive Officer and each of Millennium's four other most highly compensated executive
officers. 

Summary Compensation Table    

Long-Term

Compensation

Awards

Annual

Compensation

Shares

Underlying

Options

Granted(#)

Name and Principal Position

Other Annual

Compensation

($)

All Other

Compensation

($)

Year

Salary($)

Bonus($)

Mark J. Levin

405,997

*



375,000

9,368

(5)

Chairperson, Chief Executive

400,575





400,000

7,281

(5)

Officer and President

400,400

32,032

(1)

76,632

(4)

336,000

6,985

(5)

Kevin P. Starr

328,557

*



207,200

7,642

(6)

Chief Operating Officer and Chief

285,577





228,000

5,021

(6)

Financial Officer

224,154

26,828

(2)



117,176

4,095

(6)

Robert Tepper

327,813

*



210,000

8,060

(7)

Executive Vice President, Discovery

300,490





96,000

4,161

(7)

and Chief Scientific Officer

298,105

16,456

(1)



158,892

3,923

(7)

John B. Douglas III (9)

307,339

*



90,000

8,028

(8)

Senior Vice President, General

300,000

25,000

(3)



81,000

6,090

(8)

Counsel and Secretary

193,269





502,740

1,452

(8)

Paul R. Hamelin (10)

300,000

75,000

(11)

199,458

(12)

196,666

8,002

(13)

Senior Vice President,

18,462

75,000

(11)



83,334

(13)

Commercial Operations

*
Bonus
not yet determined.

(1)
In
1999, a bonus was paid to the executive officer in lieu of an increase in base salary.

(2)
In
1999, a bonus of $16,828 was paid to Mr. Starr in lieu of an increase in base salary and in March 2000, Mr. Starr was paid a bonus of $10,000 for his
performance in 1999.

(3)
Mr. Douglas
was paid a bonus of $25,000 on the one year anniversary of his employment date under the terms of his employment agreement.

(4)
Represents
amounts attributable to the forgiveness of a loan.

(5)
Includes
for 2001, $1,656; 2000, $1,656; and 1999, $1,982 representing term life insurance premiums paid by Millennium on Mr. Levin's behalf. Includes for 2001, $7,012; 2000,
$5,100; and 1999, $5,003 representing the dollar value of shares of Millennium's common stock contributed by Millennium on behalf of Mr. Levin pursuant to Millennium's 401(k) Plan. Includes for
2001, $700; and 2000, $525 paid to Mr. Levin for choosing no benefit under Millennium's transportation policy.

(6)
Includes
for 2001, $630; 2000, $574; and 1999, $480 representing term life insurance premiums paid by Millennium on Mr. Starr's behalf. Includes for 2001, $7,012; 2000,
$4,447; and 1999, $3,615 representing the dollar value of shares of Millennium's common stock contributed by Millennium on behalf of Mr. Starr pursuant to Millennium's 401(k) Plan.

(7)
Includes
for 2001, $1,048; 2000, $991; and 1999, $893 representing term life insurance premiums paid by Millennium on Dr. Tepper's behalf. Includes for 2001, $7,012; 2000,
$3,170; and 1999, $3,030 representing the 

dollar
value of shares of Millennium's common stock contributed by Millennium on behalf of Dr. Tepper pursuant to Millennium's 401(k) Plan. 

(8)
Includes
for 2001, $1,016; 2000, $990; and 1999, $1,452 representing term life insurance premiums paid by Millennium on Mr. Douglas' behalf. Includes for 2001, $7,012; and
2000, $5,100 representing the dollar value of shares of Millennium's common stock contributed by Millennium on behalf of Mr. Douglas pursuant to Millennium's 401(k) Plan.

(9)
Mr. Douglas
joined Millennium in April 1999.

(10)
Mr.
Hamelin joined Millennium in December 2000.

(11)
Under
the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Hamelin was paid a bonus of $75,000 upon joining Millennium and an additional $75,000 on the one-year anniversary of the
date he joined Millennium.

(12)
Includes,
$67,709 attributable to the forgiveness of a loan and $131,749 representing relocation expenses paid by Millennium on Mr. Hamelin's behalf.

(13)
Includes
for 2001, $990 representing term life insurance premiums paid by Millennium on Mr. Hamelin's behalf and $7,012 representing the dollar value of shares of
Millennium's common stock contributed by Millennium on behalf of Mr. Hamelin pursuant to Millennium's 401(k) Plan. Includes for 2000, $57 representing term life insurance premiums paid by
Millennium on Mr. Hamelin's behalf. 

Option Grants, Exercises and Year-End Values  

    This table shows all options to purchase Millennium's common stock granted in 2001 by Millennium to its Chief Executive Officer and each of its four other most
highly compensated executive officers. 

Option Grants in 2001    

Percent of

Total

Options

Granted to

Employees

in 2001

Potential Realizable Value

of Assumed Annual Rates

of Stock Price Appreciation

For Option Term(1)

Number of

Shares

Underlying

Options

Granted(#)

Exercise

or Base

Price

($/Sh)

Name

Expiration

Date

5%($)

10%($)

Mark J. Levin

100,000

(2)

1.0

33.25

3/6/2011

2,091,074

5,299,194

100,000

(3)

1.0

26.55

4/6/2011

1,669,715

4,231,386

100,000

(4)

1.0

37.78

5/4/2011

2,375,964

6,021,159

75,000

(5)

*

16.13

9/26/2011

760,805

1,928,030

Kevin P. Starr

27,400

(2)

*

33.25

3/6/2011

572,954

1,451,979

27,400

(3)

*

26.55

4/6/2011

457,502

1,159,400

27,400

(4)

*

37.78

5/4/2011

651,014

1,649,798

25,000

(2)

*

35.78

6/21/2011

562,546

1,425,603

25,000

(3)

*

32.09

7/20/2011

504,531

1,278,580

25,000

(4)

*

23.41

8/21/2011

368,061

932,738

50,000

(5)

*

16.13

9/26/2011

507,204

1,285,353

Robert Tepper

28,334

(2)

*

33.25

3/6/2011

592,485

1,501,474

28,333

(3)

*

26.55

4/6/2011

473,080

1,198,879

28,333

(4)

*

37.78

5/4/2011

673,182

1,705,975

25,000

(2)

*

35.78

6/21/2011

562,546

1,425,603

25,000

(3)

*

32.09

7/20/2011

504,531

1,278,580

25,000

(4)

*

23.41

8/21/2011

368,061

932,738

50,000

(5)

*

16.13

9/26/2011

507,203

1,285,353

John B. Douglas III

20,000

(2)

*

33.25

3/6/2011

418,215

1,059,839

20,000

(3)

*

26.55

4/6/2011

333,943

846,277

20,000

(4)

*

37.78

5/4/2011

475,193

1,204,232

30,000

(5)

*

16.13

9/26/2011

304,322

771,212

Paul R. Hamelin

83,333

(6)

*

54.19

1/2/2011

2,839,867

7,196,781

83,333

(6)

*

45.69

2/1/2011

2,394,402

6,067,885

30,000

(5)

*

16.13

9/26/2011

304,322

771,212

*
Represents
less than one percent of total options granted to employees in 2001.

(1)
Amounts
represent hypothetical gains that could be achieved for the respective options if exercised at the end of the option term. These gains are based on assumed rates of stock
price appreciation of 5% and 10% compounded annually from the date the respective options were granted to their expiration date, net of the applicable option exercise price. This table does not take
into account any appreciation in the price of the common stock to date. Actual gains, if any, on stock option exercises will depend on the future performance of the common stock and the date on which
the options are exercised. 

(2)
One
forty-eighth of the total number of shares subject to the option are exercisable one month after the date of grant and an additional one forty-eighth of the total number of
shares subject to the option become exercisable monthly thereafter until all of such shares are exercisable.

(3)
One
forty-eighth of the total number of shares subject to the option are exercisable on the date of grant and an additional one forty-eighth of the total number of shares subject to
the option become exercisable monthly thereafter until all of such shares are exercisable.

(4)
Two
forty-eighths of the total number of shares subject to the option are exercisable on the date of grant and an additional one forty-eighth of the total number of shares subject
to the option become exercisable monthly thereafter until all of such shares are exercisable.

(5)
One
fifty-fourth of the total number of shares subject to the option are exercisable one month after the date of grant and an additional one fifty-fourth of the total number of
shares subject to the option become exercisable monthly thereafter until all of such shares are exercisable.

(6)
One
quarter of the total number of shares subject to the option became exercisable on December 1, 2001 and an additional one forty-eighth of the total number of shares
subject to the option become exercisable monthly thereafter until all of such shares are exercisable. 

Option Exercises and Year-End Values  

    This table shows information about stock options exercised in 2001 and stock options held as of December 31, 2001 by Millennium's Chief Executive
Officer and each of Millennium's four other most highly compensated executive officers. 

Aggregated Option Exercises in 2001 and 2001 Year-end Option Values    

Name

Shares

Acquired on

Exercise(#)

Value

Realized($)

Number of Shares

Underlying

Unexercised Options

Held at 12/31/01

(#)Exercisable/

Unexercisable

Value of Unexercised

In-The-Money Options

at 12/31/01 ($)

Exercisable/

Unexercisable(1)

Mark J. Levin





1,184,954/726,046

18,293,461/3,945,772

Kevin P. Starr





225,410/410,410

1,896,208/2,207,214

Robert Tepper





442,423/289,989

7,180,935/1,331,723

John B. Douglas III

25,000

736,175

155,106/289,316

1,924,204/2,884,904

Paul R. Hamelin





64,169/215,831

13,969/237,430

(1)
Value
of unexercised in-the-money options to purchase shares of Millennium common stock is based on the closing sales price of Millennium's common stock on
December 31, 2001 ($24.51), the last trading day of Millennium's 2001 fiscal year, less the applicable option exercise price. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  

    No member of the Millennium Compensation Committee was at any time during 2001, or formerly, an officer or employee of Millennium or any subsidiary of
Millennium. No executive officer of Millennium has served as a director or member of the Millennium Compensation Committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity,
while an executive officer of that other entity served as a director of or member of the Compensation Committee of Millennium. 

    For
a description of consulting agreements between Millennium and each of Dr. Kucherlapati and Dr. Lander, see "Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions" below. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  

    During 2001, Millennium and its subsidiaries were a party to certain transactions in which its 5% stockholders, directors and executive officers had an
interest. 

    Dr. Kucherlapati,
a director of Millennium, serves as a consultant to Millennium and is compensated for his consulting services at the rate of $23,750 per quarter, based upon
two days per month of service. Millennium paid Dr. Kucherlapati $95,000 in 2001. 

    Dr. Lander,
a director of Millennium, serves as a consultant to Millennium and is compensated for his consulting services at the rate of $2,375 (plus travel and other
appropriate expenses) per day. Millennium paid Dr. Lander $95,000 in 2001. 

    In
April 1997, Millennium entered into a corporate consortium to fund a five-year research program in functional genomics at the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical
Research. Millennium terminated its participation in this consortium effective as of July 1, 2001. Dr. Lander is a Research Program Director of Whitehead. In 2001, Millennium paid
$625,000 to Whitehead in connection with this consortium. 

    Millennium's
former subsidiary, Millennium BioTherapeutics, Inc., made loans to its employees to fund exercises of stock options for shares of its common stock before their
vesting dates, subject to certain restrictions. Millennium assumed the loans and Millennium BioTherapeutics' common stock was converted into Millennium common stock when MBio was merged into
Millennium in 1999. In 2001 the largest principal balance amount outstanding under a loan to Mr. Maraganore, Millennium's Senior Vice President, Strategic Product Development, was $76,394 at an
interest rate of 5.60% per year. The principal balance of Mr. Maraganore's loan as of December 20, 2001 was $56,670. 

    In
January 2001, Millennium made a loan of $250,000 to Paul R. Hamelin, Millennium's Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations, for the purchase of a home in the area. The
loan bears interest at a rate of 5.87% per year. Under the terms of his September 29, 2000 employment agreement, Millennium forgave one-fourth of the loan on December 1,
2001, the one year anniversary of the date of his
employment with Millennium, and will forgive one forty-eighth of the loan at the end of each full month after that date, if Mr. Hamelin remains employed by Millennium. 

Stock Ownership By Management of Millennium  

    On January 2, 2002 Millennium had 224,290,648 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. This table shows certain information about the beneficial
ownership of Millennium common stock, as of that date, by: 


each
of Millennium's current directors,


Millennium's
Chief Executive Officer,


each
of Millennium's four other most highly compensated executive officers, and


all
of Millennium's directors and executive officers as a group. 

    According
to SEC rules, we have included in the "number of issued shares" all shares over which the person has sole or shared voting or investment power, and we have included in the
"number of shares issuable" all shares that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days after January 2, 2002 through the exercise of any stock option or other right. 

    Unless
otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his spouse) for the shares listed opposite his name. Where applicable,
ownership is subject 

to community property laws. The inclusion in this table of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. 

Name

Number

of Issued

Shares(1)

Number

of Shares

Issuable

Total

Percent

Mark J. Levin

3,341,764

1,244,782

4,586,546

2.0

Eugene Cordes, Ph.D

57,580

55,001

112,581

*

A. Grant Heidrich, III

224,564

111,080

335,644

*

Raju S. Kucherlapati, Ph.D

687,858

435,835

1,123,693

*

Eric S. Lander, Ph.D.(2)

10,000

127,643

137,643

*

Edward D. Miller, Jr., M.D

1,000

11,172

12,172

*

Norman C. Selby

3,800

27,917

31,717

*

Kenneth E. Weg

10,000

7,266

17,266

*

John B. Douglas III(3)

14,944

184,611

199,555

*

Paul R. Hamelin

80,904

81,178

*

Kevin P. Starr

28,064

267,928

295,992

*

Robert Tepper

43,089

471,184

514,273

*

All directors and executive officers as a group

(14 persons)

4,834,800

3,278,938

8,113,738

3.6

*
Less
than one percent.

(1)
Includes
shares contributed by Millennium to the 401(k) plan for the benefit of the named executive officer as of December 31, 2001 as follows: Mr. Levin, 2,540
shares; Mr. Douglas, 353 shares; Mr. Hamelin, 274 shares; Mr. Starr, 876 shares; Mr. Tepper, 2,151 shares and all executive officers as a group,
9,388 shares.

(2)
Shares
of Millennium common stock beneficially owned include 10,000 shares beneficially owned by the Lander Family Charitable Trust for which Dr. Lander disclaims beneficial
ownership.

(3)
Includes
800 shares held by a custodian under the Uniform Transfer to Minors Act for each of Mr. Douglas' three children. Mr. Douglas disclaims beneficial ownership of
these shares. 

Stock Ownership By Principal Stockholders of Millennium  

    This table shows certain information, to the best of Millennium's knowledge, about the beneficial ownership of Millennium common stock as of the dates
indicated below by each person owning beneficially more than 5% of Millennium common stock. 

Name and Address

Number of

Shares

Percent

Bayer AG and Afga Holding GmbH(1)

19,830,640

8.8

D51368 Leverkusen

Federal Republic of Germany

FMR Corp.(2)

32,274,343

14.4

82 Devonshire Street

Boston, Massachusetts 02109

(1)
Shares
held by Bayer AG and Afga Holding GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Bayer AG, as reported in an amendment to Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on July 6, 2000. Bayer reported having sole voting power and sole dispositive power for 1,038,960 

shares
and shared voting power and shared dispositive power for 18,791,680 shares. Afga Holding reported having shared voting power and shared dispositive power for 18,791,680 shares. 

(2)
Shares
held by FMR Corp. as reported in a Form 13F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2001. FMR reported having sole voting power for 1,413,774
shares and sole dispositive power for all 32,274,343 shares. 

Additional Information  

    A detailed description of Millennium's business, financial statements and other matters related to Millennium is incorporated by reference from filings made by
Millennium with the Securities and Exchange Commission. See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 117. 

INFORMATION CONCERNING COR    

    COR is dedicated to the discovery, development and marketing of novel therapeutic products to establish new standards of care for treating and preventing acute
and chronic cardiovascular diseases. COR markets INTEGRILIN, its approved drug, to treat patients with certain acute cardiovascular diseases. COR is also developing a portfolio of product candidates
to treat and prevent a broad range of acute and chronic cardiovascular diseases and other conditions. 

    INTEGRILIN
is COR's first product taken from discovery to commercialization. In May 1998, the United States Food and Drug Administration approved INTEGRILIN to treat patients
who undergo a procedure known as angioplasty to open blood vessels. The FDA has also approved INTEGRILIN to treat patients with intermittent chest pains known as unstable angina and patients suffering
from a type of heart attack known as non-Q-wave myocardial infarction, whether the doctor intends to treat these patients with medicines alone or with a subsequent angioplasty.
INTEGRILIN is the only drug in its class that the FDA has approved for use in all these indications. 

Management  

The
names and certain information as of December 19, 2001 about individuals who will be an executive officer or director of Millennium after the closing is set forth below: 

Name

Age

Principal Occupation/Position Held with COR

Vaughn M. Kailian

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Shaun R. Coughlin, M.D., Ph.D.

Professor of Medicine and Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology, University of California, San Francisco/Director

Ginger L. Graham

Group Chairman, Guidant Corporation/Director

Ernest Mario, Ph.D.

Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ALZA Corporation/Director

Charles J. Homcy, M.D.

Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Director

    Vaughn
M. Kailian has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of COR since March 1990. From 1967 to 1990, Mr. Kailian was employed by Marion Merrell
Dow, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, and its predecessor companies in various U. S. and international general management, product development, marketing and sales positions. Mr. Kailian
is also a director of Amylin Pharmaceuticals and NicOx S.A., as well as the Biotechnology Industry Organization and the California Healthcare Institute. 

    Shaun
R. Coughlin, M.D., Ph.D., has served as a director of COR since September 1994. Dr. Coughlin has been Professor of Medicine since 1996 and Professor of Molecular
and Cellular Pharmacology since 1997 at the University of California, San Francisco ("UCSF") and Director of the Cardiovascular Research Institute at UCSF since 1997. Dr. Coughlin is also a
member of the editorial boards of Trends in Cardiovascular Medicine, Molecular Medicine and Journal of Clinical Investigation. 

    Ginger
L. Graham has served as a director of COR since February 2001. Ms. Graham has been Group Chairman, Office of the President, for Guidant Corporation, a medical
device company, since 2000. From 1993 to 1995 she was President and Chief Executive Officer of Advanced Cardiovascular 

Systems and from 1995 to 2000 she was President of the Vascular Intervention Group of Guidant Corporation. Ms. Graham is a director of Amylin Pharmaceuticals and is a director and chairman of
the California Healthcare Institute. 

    Ernest
Mario, Ph.D., has served as a director of COR since September 1995. Dr. Mario served as Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ALZA Corporation
from July 1993 to November 1997 and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ALZA from December 1997 through December 2001. From 1989 to 1993, he was Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Glaxo Holdings plc, a pharmaceutical company, in London. Prior to 1989, Dr. Mario served as Chief Executive Officer of Glaxo, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, in the United
States. Dr. Mario is also a director of Catalytica Energy Systems, Inc., Orchid Biosciences, Inc., Pharmaceutical Product Development, Inc., Boston Scientific Corp.,
Maxygen, Inc. and SonoSite, Inc. 

    Charles
J. Homcy, M.D., has been a director of COR since January 1998 and has served as Executive Vice President, Research and Development of COR since March 1995. Since
1997, Dr. Homcy has been Clinical Professor of Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco Medical School and Attending Physician at the San Francisco VA Hospital. From 1994 until
he joined the Company, Dr. Homcy was President of the Medical Research Division of American Cyanamid Company-Lederle Laboratories, a pharmaceutical company (now a division of Wyeth-Ayerst
Laboratories). From 1990 until 1994, Dr. Homcy was Executive Director of the Cardiovascular and Central Nervous System Research Section at Lederle Laboratories, a pharmaceutical company. From
1991 to 1995, Dr. Homcy also served as an attending physician at The Presbyterian Hospital, College of Physicians and Surgeons, at Columbia University in New York. From 1979 to 1990, he was an
attending physician at Massachusetts General Hospital and an Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School. 

Director Compensation  

    Cash compensation.
  Each director who is not an employee or consultant of COR receives: 

        Annual Fee:

$10,000 (paid quarterly).

    COR
also reimburses non-employee directors for reasonable travel and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with their service as directors. 

    Stock compensation.
  Directors also participate in COR's 1994 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan. To
the extent there are not enough shares available for issuance under COR's 1994 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan, shares will be issued under COR's 1991 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the plan,
COR's non-employee directors receive: 

Initial Grant:

50,000 shares on the date of such non-employee director's election to the board of directors.

        Supplemental

        Grant:

20,000 shares granted on the date of the first board of directors meeting held both after March 19, 1999 and after the date on which such director has completed three years of service as a director, and every two years thereafter.

    The
initial option grants vest ratably over 60 months. The supplemental grants are fully vested on the date of the grant. Each option terminates on the earlier of
(1) ten years after the date of grant and (2) three months after termination of the optionee's service as a non-employee director. The exercise price of options granted under
the plan is equal to 100% of the fair market value of COR common stock on the date of grant. 

    During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, no options were granted under COR's 1994 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan or COR's 1991 Equity Incentive
Plan to non-employee directors for services rendered as directors of COR during 2000. 

Compensation of Executive Officers  

Summary
Compensation 

    This
table shows certain information about the compensation paid to Vaughn Kailian and Charles Homcy. 

Summary Compensation Table    

Long-Term Compensation

Awards

Other Annual

Compensation

Annual Compensation

All

Other

Compensation

($)(4)

Name and Principal

Position

Restricted

Stock

Awards($)

Securities

Underlying

Options(#)

Year

Salary($)(1)

Bonus($)(2)

($)(3)

Vaughn M. Kailian

President and Chief Executive Officer

496,250

452,917

430,000

*

326,100

113,500













125,000

100,000

80,000

5,786

5,210

6,735

Charles J. Homcy

Executive Vice President, Research and Development

379,800

357,500

330,000

*

160,880

65,000













35,000

60,000

160,000

2,938

2,744

3,598

*
Bonus
amounts for 2001 have not yet been determined.

(1)
Includes
amounts earned but deferred at the election of the executive officer.

(2)
Bonus
payments for the year indicated (actually paid the following year) resulting from COR's Incentive Pay Program. These bonuses do not include the value of restricted stock bonus
awards granted, which are included under the heading "Restricted Stock Awards" in this table.

(3)
As
permitted by the rules promulgated by the SEC, no amounts are shown with respect to "perquisites" under "Other Annual Compensation" where such amounts for each executive officer
do not exceed the lesser of 10% of such executive's bonus plus salary or $50,000.

(4)
Includes
premiums on life insurance payable for each executive officer. Also includes $1,000 in matching contributions by COR to its tax-qualified employee savings and
retirement plan for executive officers in 2001, 2000 and 1999. 

Option Grants, Exercises and Year-End Values

    This
table shows all options to purchase COR common stock granted in 2001 by COR to Vaughn Kailian and Charles Homcy. 

Option Grants in 2001    

Individual Grants

Number of

Shares

Underlying

Options

Granted

(#)(1)

Percent of

Total

Options

Granted to

Employees

in Fiscal Year

(%)(2)

Potential Realizable Value of Assumed Annual Rates of Stock Price Appreciation For Option Term(3)

Exercise

or Base

Price

($/Sh)

Name

Expiration

Date

5%($)

10%($)

Vaughn M. Kailian

125,000

11.70

21.875

4/3/2011

1,465,119

3,952,617

Charles J. Homcy

35,000

3.28

21.875

4/3/2011

410,233

1,106,733

(1)
Reflects
options granted in 2001 to the executive officers under the 1991 Plan. Options granted to Mr. Kailian and Dr. Homcy on April 3, 2001 will vest in their
entirety on April 3, 2004.

(2)
Based
on options to purchase a total of 1,068,250 shares of COR common stock granted to employees, including executive officers, in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001
under all stock plans.

(3)
The
potential realizable value is based on the term of the option at the date of the grant (10 years). It is calculated by assuming that the stock price on the date of grant
appreciates at the indicated
annual rate, compounded annually for the entire term of the option, and that the option is exercised and sold on the last day of the option term for the appreciated stock price. These amounts
represent certain assumed rates of appreciation only and do not reflect COR's estimate or projection of future stock price performance. Actual gains, if any, are dependent on the actual future
performance of COR's common stock. There can be no assurance that the amounts reflected in this table will be achieved. 

Option Exercises and Year-End Values  

    This table shows information about stock options exercised in 2001 and stock options held as of December 31, 2001 by Vaughn Kailian and Charles Homcy. 

Aggregated Option Exercises in 2001 and 2001 Year-end Option Values    

Name

Shares

Acquired on

Exercise(#)

Value

Realized($)(1)

Number of Shares

Underlying

Unexercised Options

Held at 12/31/01

(#)Exercisable/

Unexercisable

Value of Unexercised

In-The-Money Options

at 12/31/01($)

Exercisable/

Unexercisable(2)

Vaughn M. Kailian

922,948/323,052

17,017,675/3,256,687

Charles J. Homcy

27,396

321,850/217,185

5,815,491/2,985,774

(1)
Based
on the fair market value of COR common stock on the date of exercise less the exercise price paid for such shares and multiplied by the number of shares exercised.

(2)
Based
on the fair market value of COR common stock on December 31, 2001 ($24.34, the average of the high and the low sales prices as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market) less
the exercise price and multiplied by the number of shares that were in the money. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  

    None of COR's executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers
serving as a member of COR's board of directors or compensation committee. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  

    COR has entered into indemnity agreements with Vaughn Kailian, Shaun Coughlin, Ernest Mario, Ginger Graham and Charles Homcy that provide, among other things,
that COR will indemnify such officer or director, under the circumstances and to the extent provided for therein, for expenses, damages, judgments, fines and settlements he or she may be required to
pay in actions or proceedings to which he or she is or may be a party by reason of his or her position as a director, officer or other agent of COR, and otherwise to the fullest extent permitted under
Delaware law and COR's by-laws. 

    1991 Equity Incentive Plan.
  Under the terms of the COR 1991 Equity Incentive Plan, in the event of a change of control
and within one month before or 24 months after the date of such change of control the service of any participant in the plan to COR, or any successor entity, terminates due to an involuntary
termination without cause or a voluntary termination by the participant due to a constructive termination, then the vesting and exercisability of that participant's options shall accelerate and become
fully vested. For the purposes of the plan, the term "change of control" is defined to include a reorganization, merger or consolidation. The term "cause" is defined to mean that (1) the
participant has committed an act that materially injures the business of the company, (2) the participant has refused or failed to follow lawful and reasonable directions of the person to whom
the participant reports, (3) the participant has willfully or habitually neglected his or her duties to the company or (4) the participant has been convicted of a felony involving moral
turpitude that materially injures the business of the company. The term "constructive termination" is defined to mean that the participant voluntarily terminates his or her employment after any of the
following are undertaken by the company
without the participant's express written consent: (1) substantial diminution of the participant's duties and/or level of responsibility, (2) a 15% or greater reduction in the
participant's annual base salary, (3) any failure by the company to continue in effect any substantial benefit program or plan or (4) the relocation of the participant's principal
business office to a location more than 50 miles from the prior location. As of November 30, 2001, the executive officers of COR held outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 2,353,102
shares of COR common stock and the non-employee directors of COR held outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 140,000 shares of COR common stock under the plan. 

    1998 Non-Officer Equity Incentive Plan.
  Under the terms of the COR 1998 Non-Officer Equity
Incentive Plan, in the event of a change of control and within one month before or 24 months after the date of such change of control the service of any participant in the plan to COR (or any
successor entity) terminates due to an involuntary termination without cause or a voluntary termination by the participant due to a constructive termination, then the vesting and exercisability of
that participant's options shall accelerate and become fully vested. For the purposes of the plan, the term "change of control" is defined to include a reorganization, merger or consolidation. The
term "cause" is defined to mean that (1) the participant has committed an act that materially injures the business of the company, (2) the participant has refused or failed to follow
lawful and reasonable directions of the person to whom the participant reports, (3) the participant has willfully or habitually neglected his or her duties to the company or (4) the
participant has been convicted of a felony involving moral turpitude that materially injures the business of the company. The term "constructive termination" is defined to mean that the participant
voluntarily terminates his or her employment after any of the following are undertaken by the company without the participant's express written consent: (1) substantial diminution of the
participant's duties and/or level of responsibility, (2) a 15% or greater reduction in the participant's annual base salary, (3) any failure by the company to continue in effect any
substantial 

benefit program or plan or (4) the relocation of the participant's principal business office to a location more than 50 miles from the prior location. As of November 30, 2001, one
executive officer of COR held outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 18,792 shares of COR common stock under the plan. 

    Key Employee Change in Control Severance Plan.
  Under the terms of the COR Key Employee Change in Control Severance
Plan, any participant in the plan is eligible to receive (1) a continuation of salary for 18 months, (2) a payment equal to a percentage of the participant's target bonus equal to
the percentage of such year the participant was employed by the company and (3) a continuation of health benefits for a period of 12 months. Any person who is a member of the Executive
Committee or a Vice President of COR at any time during the six-month period prior to a change in control or prior to that person's termination of employment with the company and whose
employment is terminated due to involuntary termination without cause or voluntary termination for good reason within 12 months of a change of control is eligible to participate in the plan.
For the purposes of the plan, the term "change of control" is defined to include a reorganization, merger or consolidation. The term "involuntary termination without cause" is defined to mean any
dismissal or discharge for a reason other than cause. The term "cause" is defined to mean that (1) the participant has committed an act that materially injures the business of the company,
(2) the participant has refused or failed to follow lawful and reasonable directions of the person to whom the participant reports, (3) the participant has willfully or habitually
neglected his or her duties to the company or (4) the participant has been convicted of a felony
involving moral turpitude that materially injures the business of the company. The term "voluntary termination for good reason" is defined to mean that the participant voluntarily terminates his or
her employment after any of the following are undertaken by the company without the participant's express written consent: (1) substantial diminution of the participant's duties and/or level of
responsibility, (2) a 5% or greater reduction in the participant's annual base salary or (3) the relocation of the participant's principal business office to a location more than 50
miles from the prior location. 

Stock Ownership By Management and Principal Stockholders of COR  

    The following table and the notes thereto set forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of COR common stock, as of
November 30, 2001 (except as noted in the footnotes), by each director and executive officer of COR and by each person or group who is known to the management of COR to be the beneficial owner
of more than five percent of the COR common stock outstanding as of November 30, 2001. This table is based upon information supplied by officers, directors and principal stockholders and
Schedules 13D and 13G filed with the SEC. Where information regarding stockholders is based on Schedules 13D and 13G, the number of shares owned is as of the date for which information was provided in
such schedules. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable and the voting agreements entered into between the executive officers
and directors of COR and Millennium, COR believes that each of the stockholders named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned.
Applicable percentages are based on 55,706,426 shares outstanding on November 30, 2001, adjusted as required by rules promulgated by the SEC. Shares of COR common stock subject to options that
are currently exercisable or are exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001 are treated as outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding them for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other stockholder. Unless 

otherwise noted, the address for each of the beneficial owners listed below is c/o COR Therapeutics, Inc., 256 East Grand Avenue, South San Francisco, CA 94080. 

Beneficial Ownership

Name of Beneficial Owner

Number of

Shares

Percentage of

Total Outstanding

FMR Corp. and affiliates (1)

  82 Devonshire Street

  Boston, MA 02109

8,319,682

14.93

%

Franklin Resources, Inc. and affiliates (2)

  777 Mariners Island Boulevard

  San Mateo, CA 94404

2,966,750

5.32

%

Vaughn M. Kailian (3)

1,268,661

2.24

%

Charles J. Homcy (4)

434,029

*

Lee M. Rauch (5)

121,576

*

Shaun R. Coughlin (6)

93,174

*

Peter S. Roddy (7)

66,463

*

Patrick A. Broderick (8)

43,996

*

Jerry T. Jackson (9)

40,000

*

Ernest Mario (10)

30,000

*

James T. Doluisio (11)

27,440

*

Ginger L. Graham (12)

9,166

*

Michael G. McCaffery (13)

9,166

*

All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons) (14)

2,143,671

3.74

%

*
Less
than one percent.

(1)
Based
on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC dated May 10, 2001. Includes 7,877,872 shares beneficially owned by Fidelity Management & Research Company, referred
to as Fidelity, a wholly-owned subsidiary of FMR Corp., as a result of acting as investment advisor to several investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, of which
432,242 shares are based upon assumed conversion of $14,600,000 principal amount of COR Therapeutics, Inc. 5.0% convertible subordinated notes (29.6056 shares for each $1,000 principal amount).
Edward C. Johnson III, Chairman of FMR Corp, FMR Corp., through its control of Fidelity, and certain Fidelity funds each has sole power to dispose of 7,877,872 shares. Sole power to vote or
direct the voting of such shares resides with the Board of Trustees of the Fidelity funds. Also includes 320,900 shares beneficially owned by Fidelity Management Trust Company, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of FMR Corp., as a result of its serving as investment manager of institutional accounts. Mr. Johnson and FMR Corp., through its control of Fidelity Management Trust Company, each
has sole dispositive power over 320,900 shares and sole power to vote or to direct the voting of 269,800 shares, and no power to vote or to direct the voting of 51,100 shares. Also includes 120,910
shares beneficially owned by Fidelity International Limited, referred to as FIL. FIL has sole power to vote and the sole power to dispose of the 120,910 shares. FMR Corp. and FIL are of the view that
they are not acting as a "group" for purposes of Section 13(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that they are not otherwise required to attribute to each other the "beneficial
ownership" of securities "beneficially owned" by the other corporation within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Therefore, they are of the view that
the shares held by the other corporation need not be aggregated for purposes of 

Section 13(d).
However, FMR Corp. made the Schedule 13G filing on a voluntary basis as if all of the shares are beneficially owned by FMR Corp. and FIL on a joint basis. 

(2)
Based
on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC dated January 26, 2001. Consists of 2,966,750 shares beneficially owned by Franklin Advisers, Inc., an
investment advisor subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc., referred to as FRI, with dispositive power and power to direct the voting of all such shares and of which 59,200 shares are based upon
assumed conversion of $2,000,000 principal amount of COR Therapeutics, Inc. 5.0% convertible subordinated notes (29.6056 shares for each $1,000 principal amount). FRI and its principal
shareholders, Charles B. Johnson and Rupert H. Johnson, Jr., disclaim beneficial ownership of all of these shares pursuant to Rule 13d-4.

(3)
Includes
922,965 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(4)
Includes
321,867 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(5)
Includes
117,916 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(6)
Includes
60,000 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(7)
Includes
500 shares held by Mr. Roddy's minor child. Also includes 56,977 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(8)
Includes
37,916 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(9)
Consists
solely of shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(10)
Consists
solely of shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(11)
Includes
25,440 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(12)
Consists
solely of shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(13)
Consists
solely of shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001.

(14)
Includes
1,631,413 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2001. See footnotes (3) through (13) above. 

Additional Information  

    A detailed description of COR's business, financial statements and other matters related to COR is incorporated by reference from filings made by COR with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 117. 

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS    

General  

    Both Millennium and COR are Delaware corporations governed by the Delaware corporation statute and other Delaware laws related to corporations. In addition,
the rights of Millennium stockholders are currently governed by the Millennium certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and the rights of COR stockholders are currently governed by the
COR certificate of incorporation and by-laws. As a result of the merger, COR stockholders will become holders of Millennium's common stock and the rights of the former COR stockholders
will thereafter be governed by Millennium's certificate of incorporation and by-laws, the Delaware corporation statute and other Delaware laws related to corporations. 

    The
following summary sets forth certain differences between the Millennium certificate of incorporation and the COR certificate of incorporation and between the Millennium
by-laws and the COR by-laws. COR stockholders are encouraged to review the full text of each of the Millennium certificate of incorporation, the Millennium by-laws,
the COR certificate of incorporation, the COR by-laws, the Delaware corporation statute and other corporation-related laws of Delaware to the extent they relate to corporations organized
in Delaware. The Millennium certificate of incorporation, the Millennium by-laws, the COR certificate of incorporation and the COR by-laws have been filed as exhibits to the
materials filed by Millennium and COR with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For information as to how documents may be obtained, see "Where You Can Find More Information." 

Capitalization  

    Millennium.
  Millennium is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, of which 500,000 shares have been designated Series A junior participating preferred stock in connection with Millennium's stockholder rights agreement. On January 2, 2002,
224,290,648 shares of Millennium common stock were issued and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. Millennium's board has the authority, without stockholder
approval, to issue shares of authorized preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the rights,
preferences and other terms, including voting rights, of each series of preferred stock, which rights, preferences and other terms may be superior to that of the Millennium common stock. 

    COR.
  COR is authorized to issue 120,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which
450,000 shares have been designated Series A junior participating preferred stock in connection with COR's stockholder rights agreement. On January 2, 2002, 55,746,079 shares of COR
common stock were issued and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. COR's board has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue shares of authorized
preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the rights and preferences, including voting rights, of each series of preferred stock, which rights, preferences and other terms may
be superior to that of the COR common stock. 

Number of Directors  

    Millennium.
  The Millennium certificate of incorporation requires no less than three directors, and the Millennium
by-laws provide that the total number of directors may be determined by the Millennium board of directors. The Millennium board of directors currently consists of eight directors, and will
be increased to 12 directors in connection with the merger. 

    COR.
  COR's by-laws require no less than five, but no more than nine, directors, with the exact number to be
determined by the board of directors. COR currently has eight directors. 

Classification of Directors  

    Millennium.
  The Millennium board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving a staggered
three-year term. There are currently two classes with three directors, and one class with two directors. Following the merger, each class will have four directors. 

    COR.
  COR does not have a classified board of directors. The COR by-laws require that all directors be
elected for a one-year term and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. 

Removal of Directors  

    Millennium.
  The Millennium certificate of incorporation provides that directors may be removed only for cause by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of all outstanding shares of Millennium stock entitled to vote. 

    COR.
  The COR certificate of incorporation and by-laws contained no such comparable provisions. In
accordance with Delaware law, COR directors may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of COR stock entitled to vote. 

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors  

    Millennium.
  The Millennium certificate of incorporation provides that any vacancy on the Millennium board of directors
shall be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the board of directors, or by a sole remaining director. Any
director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office until the next election of the class of directors for which the director was chosen and until the director's successor is
elected and qualified. 

    COR.
  The COR certificate of incorporation provides that any vacancy on the COR board of directors shall be filled
either by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of COR stock entitled to vote, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office,
even though less than a quorum of the board of directors. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office until the next election of directors and until the director's
successor is elected and qualified. 

Voting Requirements and Quorums for Stockholders Meetings  

    Millennium.
  Each holder of Millennium common stock is entitled to one vote for each share, and a proportionate vote for
each fractional share of stock held, and may not cumulate votes for the election of directors. Each holder of Millennium Series A junior participating preferred stock is entitled to 1,000 votes
for each share on all matters voted on by the holders of Millennium common stock. The Millennium by-laws provide, in accordance with Delaware law, that the holders of a majority of the
shares of the corporation then issued, outstanding and entitled to vote constitute a quorum, and that, when a quorum is present, a majority vote is required to effect any matter, except as provided in
the section below entitled "Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation" and "Approval of Business Considerations and Asset Sales" and except that any election of directors by
stockholders requires a plurality vote. 

    COR.
  Each holder of COR common stock is entitled to one vote for each share and may not cumulate votes for the election
of directors. Each holder of COR Series A junior participating preferred stock is entitled to 100 votes for each share on all matters voted on by the holders of COR common stock. The COR
charter and by-laws provide, in accordance with Delaware law, that the holders of a majority of the shares of the corporation then issued, outstanding and entitled to vote 

constitute a quorum, and that, when a quorum is present, a majority vote is required to effect any matter, except as provided in the sections below entitled "Amendment of Certificate of
Incorporation" and "Approval of Business Combinations and Asset Sales" and except that any election of directors by stockholders requires a plurality vote. 

Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation  

    Millennium.
  The Millennium certificate of incorporation may be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares of Millennium stock entitled to vote, except with respect to proposals amending the Millennium certificate of incorporation to change provisions related to the election,
classification, number and removal of Millennium directors, meetings of the Millennium board of directors, stockholder voting by written consent and special meetings of stockholders. These proposals
require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the shares of Millennium stock entitled to vote. In addition, proposals amending the Millennium certificate of incorporation to adversely
change the rights and preferences of Series A junior participating preferred stock require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of
Series A junior participating preferred stock, voting together as a single class. 

    COR.
  The COR certificate of incorporation may be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of COR stock entitled to vote. Proposals amending the COR certificate of
incorporation to adversely change the rights and preferences of Series A junior participating preferred stock, however, require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A junior participating preferred stock, voting together as a single class. 

Amendment of By-laws  

    Millennium.
  The Millennium by-laws may be altered, amended or repealed, or new by-laws may be
adopted, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors present at any meeting of the board of directors at which a quorum is present, or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares of Millennium stock entitled to vote, except with respect to proposals amending the Millennium by-laws to change provisions related to the calling of special
meetings of stockholders, nominations of directors, notice of business to be conducted at stockholder meetings, action of stockholders by written consent, organization of stockholder meetings, powers
and election of directors and amendments to the by-laws. These proposals require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the shares of Millennium stock entitled to vote. 

    COR.
  The COR certificate of incorporation and by-laws provide that the COR by-laws may be
altered, amended, repealed, or new by-laws may be adopted, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the COR directors then in office, or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares of COR stock entitled to vote. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders  

    Millennium.
  The Millennium by-laws provide that only the chairperson of the board of directors, the chief
executive officer or the Millennium board of directors may call a special meeting. 

    COR.
  The COR by-laws provide that the COR board of directors, the chief executive officer or the holders of
10% of the outstanding COR stock may call a special meeting. 

Notice of Stockholder Meetings  

    Millennium.
  In accordance with Delaware law, the Millennium by-laws provide that notice of stockholder
meetings be given at least 10 days, but no more than 60 days, before the meeting. In 

addition, the Millennium by-laws require that nominations of persons for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered at an annual meeting of
stockholders must be made: 


pursuant
to the notice of meeting;


by
or at the direction of the board of directors; or


by
a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the time of notice and complies with the notice procedures summarized in the next paragraph. 

    For
nominations or other business to be properly brought before a stockholders meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice in writing to the secretary of
Millennium and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive offices
of Millennium not later than the close of business on the 60th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the annual meeting. If, however, less than 70 days' notice or
prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or made to stockholders, to be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered no later than the 10th day following the day on which the
notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made, whichever occurs first. 

    COR.
  In accordance with Delaware law, the COR by-laws provide that notice of stockholder meetings be given
at least 10 days, but no more than 60 days, before the meeting. The COR by-laws do not contain any provisions which correspond to the procedures in Millennium's
by-laws for nominations or other business to be brought before a stockholders meeting. 

Action by written consent lieu of a stockholders' meeting  

    Millennium.
  Millennium's by-laws provide that the stockholders of Millennium may not take any action by
written consent in lieu of a meeting. 

    COR.
  COR's by-laws provide that any action by stockholders may be taken without a meeting and by written
consent, if the consent is signed by a number of stockholders having at least as many votes as would be required to authorize the action at a meeting. Therefore, stockholders of COR may act by written
consent. 

Indemnification and Limitation of Liability  

    Millennium.
  Millennium's certificate of incorporation eliminates the personal liability of directors to Millennium or
its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty to the full extent permitted by Delaware law. Millennium's certificate of incorporation and by-laws further provide that
Millennium may indemnify its officers and directors to the full extent permitted by Delaware law, so long as the officer or directors complies with certain procedural and notice requirements in the
Millennium certificate of incorporation. 

    COR.
  COR's certificate of incorporation eliminates the personal liability of directors to COR or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty to the full extent permitted by Delaware law. COR's certificate of incorporation and by-laws further provide that COR may indemnify its
officers and directors to the full extent permitted by Delaware law. 

    The
Securities and Exchange Commission has expressed its position that the indemnification of directors, officers and controlling persons against liabilities arising under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Approval of Business Combinations and Asset Sales  

    Millennium.
  In accordance with Delaware law, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Millennium stock
entitled to vote is necessary to approve a merger or certain asset sales. 

    COR.
  In accordance with Delaware law, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of COR stock entitled to vote is
necessary to approve a merger or certain asset sales, except with respect to a merger or business combination prior to which a person or entity, together with affiliates, owns at least 15% of the
shares of COR stock entitled to vote, in which case the COR certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative vote of at least 66

/

% of the shares of COR stock entitled to vote. 

Stockholder Rights Agreement  

    Millennium.
  Under its stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of Millennium common stock of record as of
April 16, 2001 has attached to it a stock purchase right. These stock purchase rights trade with the Millennium common stock and are not currently exercisable. The stock purchase rights
generally become exercisable upon the earlier to occur of: 


ten
business days following a public announcement by Millennium that a person or group has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding
Millennium common stock; or


ten
business days after the beginning of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of the
outstanding Millennium common stock. 

    The
stock purchase rights are exercisable for shares of Series A junior participating preferred stock. In some cases, the exercise price of the stock purchase rights may be
significantly below the market value of Millennium's common stock. 

    Millennium
may redeem the stock purchase rights at a price of $.001 per right at any time until ten days after the date on which a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15%
or more of the outstanding Millennium common stock. The stock purchase rights will expire on the close of business on April 5, 2011. See the section entitled "Description of Millennium Capital
StockStockholder Rights Plan." 

    COR.
  Under its stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of COR common stock issued on or after
February 5, 1995 has attached to it a stock purchase right. These stock purchase rights trade
with the COR common stock and are not currently exercisable. The stock purchase rights generally become exercisable upon the earlier to occur of: 


ten
days following a public announcement by COR that a person has acquired beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the outstanding COR common stock; or


ten
business days after the beginning of, or announcement of an intention to make, a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person
beneficially owning 20% or more of the outstanding COR common stock. 

    The
stock purchase rights are exercisable for shares of Series A junior participating preferred stock. In some cases, the exercise price of the stock purchase rights may be
significantly below the market value of COR's common stock. 

    COR
may redeem the stock purchase rights at a price of $.001 per right at any time until 20 days after the date on which a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 20%
or more of the outstanding COR common stock. The stock purchase rights will expire on the close of business on January 23, 2005. 

    In
connection with the merger agreement, COR has amended its stockholder rights agreement to provide that the merger and associated actions do not result in the ability of any person
to exercise any rights thereunder. 

DESCRIPTION OF MILLENNIUM CAPITAL STOCK    

The following description of Millennium's capital stock summarizes the material terms and provisions of the indicated securities. For
the complete terms of Millennium's common stock, preferred stock and preferred stock purchase rights, please refer to Millennium's charter, by-laws and rights agreement that are
incorporated by reference into the registration statement which includes this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The terms of these securities may also be affected by the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware.

    Millennium
is authorized by its charter to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 224,290,648 shares were issued and outstanding on
January 2, 2002, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which no shares are issued and outstanding as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. All
outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

Common Stock  

    Voting.
  For all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for
each share registered in his or her name on Millennium's books. Millennium's common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. As a result, subject to the voting rights of any outstanding preferred
stock, of which there currently is none, persons who hold more than 50% of the outstanding common stock entitled to elect members of Millennium's board of directors can elect all of the directors who
are up for election in a particular year. 

    Dividends.
  If Millennium's board of directors declares a dividend, holders of common stock will receive payments from
its funds that are legally available to pay dividends. However, this dividend right is subject to any preferential dividend rights Millennium may grant to the persons who hold preferred stock, if any
is outstanding. 

    Liquidation and Dissolution.
  If Millennium is liquidated or dissolves, the holders of its common stock will be entitled
to share ratably in all the assets that remain after it pays its liabilities and any amounts it may owe to the persons who hold preferred stock, if any is outstanding. 

    Other Rights and Restrictions.
  Holders of Millennium's common stock do not have preemptive rights, and they have no
right to convert their common stock into any other securities. Millennium's common stock is not subject to redemption by it. The rights, preferences and privileges of common stockholders are subject
to the rights of the stockholders of any series of preferred stock which Millennium may issue in the future. Millennium's charter and by-laws do not restrict the ability of a holder of
common stock to transfer his or her shares of common stock. 

    Listing.
  Millennium's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market. 

    Transfer Agent and Registrar.
  The transfer agent and registrar for Millennium's common stock is EquiServe L.P., Canton,
Massachusetts. 

Preferred Stock  

    Millennium's board of directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to issue from time to time
up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series. Each series of preferred stock shall have the number of shares, designations, preferences, voting powers, qualifications and special
or relative rights or privileges as shall be determined by its board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, voting rights, redemption and sinking fund provisions, liquidation
preferences, conversion rights and preemptive rights. 

    Millennium's stockholders have granted the board of directors authority to issue the preferred stock and to determine its rights and preferences in order to eliminate delays
associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any preferred stock
that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of
making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, a majority of Millennium's outstanding voting stock. 

    As
of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Millennium's board of directors had designated 500,000 shares of preferred stock as "Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock" in connection with its stockholder rights plan. The rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A preferred stock are described below. 

Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock  

    The following description is a summary of the material terms of Millennium's Series A preferred stock. This summary of Series A preferred stock
is not complete and is qualified by reference to Millennium's charter. Millennium's charter, and not this description, defines the rights of holders of Series A preferred stock. A copy of
Millennium's charter is incorporated by reference into the registration statement which includes this joint proxy statement/prospectus. As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, there
are no shares of Series A preferred stock outstanding. 

    Voting.
  Each share of Series A preferred stock is entitled to 1,000 votes, subject to adjustment if Millennium
effects a stock split or issue a stock dividend. Except as provided below, each share of Series A preferred stock votes together with the holders of common stock and all of Millennium's other
capital stock on all matters voted on by stockholders. 

    Dividends.
  The holders of shares of Series A preferred stock are entitled to quarterly cash dividends equal to
the greater of $10.00 or 1,000 times the dividend declared per share of common stock, if any, other than dividends payable in common stock or by a subdivision of the outstanding common stock. 

    Liquidation and Dissolution.
  If Millennium is liquidated or dissolves or winds up, then it must pay the holders of
outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock, before it makes any payment to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior to the Series A preferred stock, an amount equal to $1,000
per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, or, if greater, an amount equal to 1,000 times the amount to be paid to holders of common stock. For purposes of this liquidation preference, neither
the consolidation, merger or other business combination of Millennium with another entity nor the sale of all or any of its property, assets or business will be treated as a liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of Millennium. 

    Merger, Consolidation, etc.
  If Millennium is a party to any merger, consolidation or similar transaction in which
shares of its common stock are exchanged or changed into stock or securities of another entity, cash or property of another entity, then the Series A preferred stock will be exchanged or
changed into an amount per share equal to 1,000 times the amount of consideration into which or for which each share of common stock is changed or exchanged in the merger, consolidation or similar
transaction. 

    Adjustments for Stock Splits and Other Events.
  In the event that Millennium declares a dividend on its common stock
that is payable in common stock or it effects a subdivision, combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of its common stock into a greater or lesser number of shares, then the dividend,
liquidation and merger or consolidation amounts payable to holders of Series A 

preferred stock will be increased or reduced in proportion to the resulting increase or decrease in the total number of shares of common stock outstanding. 

    Redemption.
  Millennium may not redeem the Series A preferred stock. 

Stockholder Rights Plan  

    On April 5, 2001, Millennium's board of directors adopted a stockholder rights plan. Under the plan, each of Millennium's common stockholders received a
dividend of one preferred stock purchase right, or a right, for each outstanding share of common stock that the stockholder owned. In addition, each share of Millennium common stock issued after
April 5, 2001 receives one right. The rights trade automatically with Millennium's shares of common stock and become exercisable only under the circumstances described below. The rights will
expire on the close of business on April 5, 2011, subject to earlier expiration or termination as described in the rights agreement. 

    The
purpose of the rights is to encourage potential acquirors to negotiate with Millennium's board of directors before attempting a takeover bid and to provide Millennium's board of
directors with leverage in negotiating on behalf of Millennium stockholders the terms of any proposed takeover. The rights may have antitakeover effects. They should not, however, interfere with any
merger or other business combination approved by Millennium's board of directors. 

    The
following description is a summary of the material terms of Millennium's stockholder rights plan. It does not restate all of the terms of the plan. The rights agreement, and not
this description, defines the terms and provisions of the plan. Millennium has filed a copy of its rights agreement as Exhibit 4.1 to its Current Report on Form 8-K, which
Millennium filed with the SEC on April 5, 2001 and which is incorporated by reference into the registration statement which includes this prospectus. You may obtain a copy at no charge by
writing to Millennium at the address listed under the caption "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 116. 

    Exercise of Rights.
  Until a right is exercised, the holder of a right will not have any rights as a stockholder.
Currently, the rights are not exercisable. When the rights become exercisable, if ever, holders of the rights will be able to purchase from Millennium a unit equal to 1/1000th of a share of its
Series A preferred stock at a purchase price of $200 per unit. 

    In
general, the rights will become exercisable upon the earlier of: 


ten
business days following a public announcement that a person or group has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of
Millennium's common stock; or


ten
business days after the beginning of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of
Millennium's common stock. 

    Flip-In Event.
  If a person or group becomes the beneficial owner of 15% or more of Millennium's common
stock, then each right, other than those rights held by the person or group that exceeded the 15% threshold, will then entitle its holder to receive, upon exercise, a number of shares of Millennium's
common stock which is equal to the exercise price of the right divided by one-half of the market price of Millennium's common stock on the date of the occurrence of the flip-in
event. However, the rights are not exercisable following such an event until such time as the rights are no longer redeemable by Millennium, as described below. 

    Flip-Over Event.
  If at any time after a person or group becomes the beneficial owner of 15% or more of
Millennium's common stock, 


Millennium
is acquired in a merger or other transaction in which it does not survive or in which its common stock is changed or exchanged; or 


50%
or more of its assets or earning power is sold or transferred, 

then
each holder, other than the person or group that exceeded the 15% threshold, of a right will be entitled to receive, upon exercise, a number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company in
the transaction equal to the exercise price of the right divided by one-half of the market price of the acquiring company's common stock on the date of the occurrence of the
flip-over event. 

    Exchange of Rights.
  At any time after a flip-in event, Millennium's board of directors may exchange the
rights, other than those rights held by the person or group that exceeded the 15% threshold, in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of Millennium's common stock or one
one-thousandth of a share of Millennium's Series A preferred stock for each right. 

    Redemption of Rights.
  At any time prior to the tenth business day after the occurrence of a flip-in event,
Millennium may redeem the rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $.001 per right. 

Warrants; Convertible Notes  

    As of January 2, 2002, there were outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 815,286 shares of Millennium's common stock, at exercise prices
ranging from $0.06 per share to $9.44 per share. None of the warrants confer upon the holders thereof any rights as stockholders until they are exercised. In addition, as of January 2, 2002,
Millennium had outstanding convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $83,325,000. These notes are convertible into Millennium common stock at a conversion price of $42.07 per
share. As a result, as of January 2, 2002, the notes were convertible into an aggregate of 1,980,607 shares of Millennium common stock. 

Certain Effects of Authorized but Unissued Stock  

    Millennium has shares of common stock and preferred stock available for future issuance without stockholder approval. Millennium may utilize these additional
shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, facilitating corporate acquisitions or paying a dividend on its capital stock. 

    The
existence of unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock may enable Millennium's board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management or to
issue preferred stock with terms that could render more difficult or discourage a third-party attempt to obtain control of Millennium by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise,
thereby protecting the continuity of its management. In addition, if Millennium issues preferred stock, the issuance could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the
likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. 

Delaware Law and Specified Charter and By-law Provisions  

    Business Combinations.
  Millennium is subject to the provisions of section 203 of the General Corporation Law of
Delaware. Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years after the date of the
transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A "business combination" includes mergers, asset sales and other
transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to specified exceptions, an "interested stockholder" is a person who, together with affiliates and associates,
owns, or within three years did own, 15% or more of the corporation's voting stock. 

    Staggered Board.
  Millennium's charter provides for the division of its board of directors into three classes as nearly
equal in size as possible with staggered three-year terms. In addition, Millennium's charter provides that directors may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of 

two-thirds of the shares of its capital stock entitled to vote. Under Millennium's charter, any vacancy on the board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an
enlargement of the board, may only be filled by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. The classification of the board of directors and the limitations on the removal of directors and
filling of vacancies could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, control of Millennium. 

    Supermajority Votes Required.
  The General Corporation Law of Delaware provides generally that the affirmative vote of a
majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation's charter or by-laws, unless a corporation's charter or by-laws, as the case may be,
requires a greater percentage. Millennium's charter and by-laws require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the shares of its capital stock issued and outstanding and
entitled to vote in certain circumstances, including as set forth under "Comparison of Stockholder RightsAmendment of Certificate of Incorporation" and "Amendment of
By-laws." 

    Limitation of Liability; Indemnification.
  Millennium's charter contains provisions permitted under the General
Corporation Law of Delaware relating to the liability of directors. The provisions eliminate a director's liability for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duty, except in circumstances
involving wrongful acts, such as the breach of a director's duty of loyalty or acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law. The limitation of liability
described above does not alter the liability of Millennium's directors and officers under federal securities laws. Furthermore, Millennium's charter contains provisions to indemnify its directors and
officers to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of Delaware. These provisions do not limit or eliminate Millennium's right or the right of any Millennium shareholder to seek
non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission in the event of a breach by a director or an officer of his or her duty of care. Millennium believes that these provisions will
assist it in attracting and retaining qualified individuals to serve as directors. 

    Stockholder Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders.
  Millennium's charter provides that stockholders may take action
only at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not take action by written consent. Millennium's charter further provides that special meetings of its stockholders may be
called only by the chairman of the board of directors, by a majority of the board of directors or by its chief executive officer, and in no event may the stockholders call a special meeting. 

    Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations.
  Millennium's by-laws
provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, must meet
specified procedural requirements. The by-laws also include a similar requirement for making nominations for directors. These provisions may preclude stockholders from bringing matters
before an annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders. 

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    

Millennium 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders  

    Proposals to be included in the proxy statement.
  Under SEC rules, if a stockholder wanted Millennium to include a
proposal in its proxy statement and form of proxy for presentation at its 2002 Annual Meeting of stockholders, the proposal had to be received by Millennium at its principal executive offices by
November 23, 2001. 

    Other proposals (not to be included in the proxy statement).
  Under Millennium's by-laws, as permitted by
the SEC, a Millennium stockholder must follow certain procedures to nominate persons 

for election as directors or to introduce an item of business at an annual meeting of stockholders. Among other requirements, these procedures require any nomination or proposed item of business must
be submitted in writing to Millennium's Secretary at its principal executive offices. Millennium must receive the notice of its stockholder's intention to introduce a nomination or proposed item of
business at our 2002 Annual Meeting: 


no
later than 60 days before the 2002 Annual Meeting; and


no
earlier than 90 days before the 2002 Annual Meeting. 

However,
if less than 70 days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the 2002 Annual Meeting is given or made, notice by the stockholder must be received not later than the close of
business on the 10th day following the date on which the notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure was made, whichever occurs first. If a stockholder fails to provide timely
notice of a proposal to be presented at the 2002 Annual Meeting, the proxies designated by the Board of Directors will have discretionary authority to vote on the proposal. 

COR 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders  

    Proposals to be included in the Proxy Statement.
  COR will hold a 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders only if the merger
is not consummated before the time of the meeting. In the event that the 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is to be held, any proposals of stockholders intended to be presented at that meeting must
be received no later than December 27, 2001 in order to be considered for inclusion in the COR proxy materials relating to that meeting. 

    Other proposals (not to be included in the proxy statement).
  Stockholders of COR who wish to bring a matter before
COR's stockholders at its annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2002 must notify COR of such matter before March 12, 2002; otherwise COR's management will have discretionary authority to
vote all shares for which it has proxies against such matter. 

LEGAL MATTERS    

    The validity of the shares of Millennium common stock to be issued in connection with the merger will be passed on for Millennium by Hale and Dorr LLP, Boston,
Massachusetts. Certain legal matters with respect to the federal income tax consequences of the merger will be passed upon for Millennium by Hale and Dorr LLP, Boston, Massachusetts, and for COR by
Cooley Godward LLP, Palo Alto, California. Partners of Hale and Dorr LLP hold an aggregate of 1,200 shares of Millennium common stock. 

EXPERTS    

    The consolidated financial statements of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. appearing in Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s Annual Report
(Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2000, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth in their report thereon included therein
and incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated
herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 

    The
financial statements of COR Therapeutics, Inc. appearing in COR Therapeutics, Inc.'s Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2000, have
been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth in their report thereon included therein and incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements are incorporated
herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    

    Millennium and COR each file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Millennium and COR stockholders may read and copy any reports, statements or other information that Millennium or COR files at the Securities and Exchange Commission's public reference room located at
450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference
rooms. Securities and Exchange Commission filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the web site maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission
at http://www.sec.gov. 

    Millennium
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-4 under the Securities Act of 1933 to register with the Securities
and Exchange Commission the Millennium common stock issuable pursuant to the merger agreement. This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not contain all the information you can find in the
registration statement or the exhibits and schedules to the registration statement. For further information with respect to Millennium, COR and the Millennium common stock, please refer to the
registration statement, including the exhibits and schedules. You may inspect and copy the registration statement, including the exhibits and schedules, as described above. Statements contained in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus about the contents of any contract or other document are not necessarily complete, and Millennium refers you, in each case, to the copy of the contract or other
document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. 

    The
Securities and Exchange Commission allows Millennium and COR to "incorporate by reference" information into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, which means that Millennium and
COR can disclose important information to their stockholders by referring them to another document filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information incorporated by
reference is deemed to be part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded by information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set forth below that Millennium and COR have previously filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. These documents contain important information that you should read about Millennium and COR and their finances. 

Millennium Securities and Exchange

Commission Filings (File No. 0-28494)

Period

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on January 24, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on March 12, 2001

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on April 5, 2001

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Quarter ended March 31, 2001

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Quarter ended June 30, 2001

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Quarter ended September 30, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on October 30, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on November 26, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on December 6, 2001

Registration Statements on Form 8-A

Filed on April 26, 1996 and April 5, 2001

COR Securities and Exchange

Commission Filings (File No. 0-30385)

Period

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Quarter ended March 31, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on June 4, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on June 7, 2001

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Quarter ended June 30, 2001

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Quarter ended September 30, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K

Filed on December 7, 2001

    Millennium
stockholders may request a copy of the Millennium documents described above, which will be provided at no cost, by contacting Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 75
Sidney Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts, MA 02139, Attention: Gina Brazier, Director of Investor Relations, telephone: (617) 551-3611. 

    COR
stockholders may request a copy of the COR documents described above, which will be provided at no cost, by contacting COR Therapeutics, Inc., 256 E. Grand Avenue, South
San Francisco, California 94080, Attention: Shari Annes, Investor Relations, telephone: (650) 244-6889. 

    Millennium
and COR are each also incorporating by reference additional documents that they may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission between the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the date of the special meeting of Millennium stockholders and the special meeting of the COR stockholders. 

    Millennium
has supplied all information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to Millennium, and COR has supplied all information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus relating to COR. 

    Millennium
and COR stockholders should rely only on the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the proposals to be considered at their respective
stockholders meetings. Millennium and COR have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different from what is contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus is dated January 8, 2002. Millennium and COR stockholders should not assume that the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any
date other
than January 8, 2002, and neither the mailing of the joint proxy statement/prospectus to Millennium and COR stockholders nor the issuance of Millennium common stock in the merger shall create
any implication to the contrary. 

ANNEX A  

 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

among

Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,

PGM Corporation

and

COR Therapeutics, Inc.

December 5, 2001  

    

Page

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

A-1

Section 1.01

Effective Time of the Merger

A-1

Section 1.02

Closing

A-1

Section 1.03

Effects of the Merger

A-1

Section 1.04

Directors

A-2

Section 1.05

Alternative Structure of Merger

A-2

ARTICLE II

CONVERSION OF SECURITIES

A-3

Section 2.01

Conversion of Capital Stock

A-3

Section 2.02

Exchange of Certificates

A-4

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CRIMSON

A-7

Section 3.01

Organization of COR

A-7

Section 3.02

COR Capital Structure

A-8

Section 3.03

Authority; No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents

A-10

Section 3.04

SEC Filings; Financial Statements

A-11

Section 3.05

No Undisclosed Liabilities

A-11

Section 3.06

Absence of Certain Changes or Events

A-12

Section 3.07

[Intentionally Omitted]

A-12

Section 3.08

[Intentionally Omitted]

A-12

Section 3.09

Taxes

A-12

Section 3.10

Properties

A-13

Section 3.11

Suppliers

A-13

Section 3.12

Intellectual Property

A-13

Section 3.13

Agreements, Contracts and Commitments

A-15

Section 3.14

Product Liability; Litigation

A-15

Section 3.15

Environmental Matters

A-15

Section 3.16

Employee Benefit Plans

A-16

Section 3.17

Compliance With Laws

A-17

Section 3.18

Preclinical Testing and Clinical Trials

A-17

Section 3.19

Certain Regulatory Matters

A-18

Section 3.20

Tax Matters

A-19

Section 3.21

Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus

A-19

Section 3.22

Labor Matters

A-19

Section 3.23

Insurance

A-20

Section 3.24

No Existing Discussions

A-20

Section 3.25

Opinion of Financial Advisor

A-20

Section 3.26

Section 203 of the DGCL and Business Combination Provisions of Certificate of Incorporation Not Applicable

A-20

Section 3.27

Rights Agreement

A-20

Section 3.28

Broker Fees

A-20

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MILLENNIUM AND SUB

A-21

Section 4.01

Organization of Millennium and Sub

A-21

Section 4.02

Millennium Capital Structure

A-22

Section 4.03

Authority; No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents

A-22

Section 4.04

SEC Filings; Financial Statements

A-23

Section 4.05

No Undisclosed Liabilities

A-24

Ai

Section 4.06

Absence of Certain Changes or Events

A-24

Section 4.07

Litigation

A-24

Section 4.08

Compliance With Laws

A-24

Section 4.09

Tax Matters

A-24

Section 4.10

Intellectual Property

A-25

Section 4.11

Agreements, Contracts and Commitments

A-25

Section4.12

Product Liability

A-26

Section 4.13

Environmental Matters

A-26

Section 4.14

Employee Benefits Plans

A-26

Section 4.15

Preclinical Testing and Clinical Trials

A-27

Section 4.16

Certain Regulatory Matters

A-28

Section 4.17

Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus

A-28

Section 4.18

Operations of Sub

A-28

Section 4.19

Opinion of Financial Advisor

A-29

Section 4.20

Broker's Fees

A-29

ARTICLE V

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

A-29

Section 5.01

Covenants of COR

A-29

Section 5.02

Covenants of Millennium

A-31

Section 5.03

Cooperation

A-32

Section 5.04

Confidentiality

A-32

ARTICLE VI

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

A-32

Section 6.01

No Solicitation

A-32

Section 6.02

Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement

A-34

Section 6.03

Nasdaq Quotation

A-35

Section 6.04

Access to Information

A-35

Section 6.05

Stockholders Meetings

A-36

Section 6.06

Legal Conditions to Merger

A-36

Section 6.07

Public Disclosure

A-37

Section 6.08

Tax-Free Reorganization

A-38

Section 6.09

Affiliate Agreements

A-38

Section 6.10

Nasdaq Listing

A-38

Section 6.11

Stock Plans

A-38

Section 6.12

Indemnification

A-39

Section 6.13

Notification of Certain Matters

A-39

Section 6.14

Stockholder Litigation

A-39

Section 6.15

Employee Matters

A-40

Section 6.16

401(k) Plan

A-40

Section 6.17

Exemption from Liability Under Section 16(b)

A-40

Section 6.18

Board Representation

A-41

Section 6.19

Indentures

A-41

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS TO MERGER

A-41

Section 7.01

Conditions to Each Party's Obligation To Effect the Merger

A-41

Section 7.02

Additional Conditions to Obligations of Millennium and Sub

A-42

Section 7.03

Additional Conditions to Obligations of COR

A-43

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT

A-44

Section 8.01

Termination

A-44

Section 8.02

Effect of Termination

A-45

Section 8.03

Fees and Expenses

A-46

Aii

Section 8.04

Amendment

A-48

Section 8.05

Extension; Waiver

A-48

ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS

A-49

Section 9.01

Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements

A-49

Section 9.02

Notices

A-49

Section 9.03

Interpretation

A-49

Section 9.04

Counterparts

A-50

Section 9.05

Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries

A-50

Section 9.06

Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction

A-50

Section 9.07

Other Remedies; Specific Performance

A-50

Section 9.08

Assignment

A-50

Section 9.09

Severability

A-50

Section 9.10

Waiver of Jury Trial

A-51

Exhibit A

Form of COR Voting Agreement

Exhibit B

Form of Millennium Voting Agreement

Exhibit C

Amendment to COR Rights Agreement

Exhibit D

Form of Affiliate Agreement to be executed by COR Affiliates

Aiii

TABLE OF DEFINED TERMS    

Terms

Cross Reference

in Agreement

Acquisition Proposal

Section 6.01(a)

Affiliate

Section 6.09

Affiliate Agreements

Section 6.09

Agreement

Preamble

Alternative Transaction

Section 8.03(i)

Antitrust Laws

Section 6.06(b)

Bankruptcy and Equity Exception

Section 3.03(a)

Certificate of Merger

Section 1.01

Certificates

Section 2.02(b)

Closing

Section 1.02

Closing Date

Section 1.02

Code

Preamble

Confidentiality Agreement

Section 5.04

Constituent Corporations

Section 1.03

COR

Preamble

COR 401(k) Plan

Section 6.16

COR Balance Sheet

Section 3.04(b)

COR Common Stock

Section 2.01(a)

COR Convertible Notes

Section 3.02(a)

COR Disclosure Schedule

Article III

COR Employee Plans

Section 3.16(a)

COR Employees

Section 6.15

COR Insiders

Section 6.17(c)

COR Intellectual Property Rights

Section 3.12(b)

COR Material Adverse Effect

Article III

COR Material Contracts

Section 3.13(a)

COR Meeting

Section 3.21

COR Preferred Stock

Section 3.02(a)

COR Programs

Article III

COR Rights

Section 3.02(a)

COR Rights Plan

Section 3.02(a)

COR SEC Reports

Section 3.04(a)

COR Stock Options

Section 3.02(a)

COR Stock Plans

Section 3.02(a)

COR Voting Agreements

Preamble

COR Voting Proposal

Section 6.05(a)

DGCL

Section 1.01

Effective Time

Section 1.01

Environmental Law

Section 3.15(b)

ERISA

Section 3.16(a)

ERISA Affiliate

Section 3.16(e)

ESPP

Section 6.11(d)

Exchange Act

Section 3.03(c)

Exchange Agent

Section 2.02(a)

Exchange Fund

Section 2.02(a)

Exchange Ratio

Section 2.01(a)

FDA

Section 3.18

Aiv

GCP

Section 3.19(b)

GLP

Section 3.19(b)

GMP

Section 3.19(b)

Goldman Sachs

Section 3.25

Governmental Entity

Section 3.03(c)

Hazardous Substance

Section 3.15(c)

HSR Act

Section 3.03(c)

Indemnified Parties

Section 6.12(a)

Intellectual Property Rights

Section 3.12(b)

IRS

Section 3.09(c)

Joint Proxy Statement

Section 3.21

Leases

Section 3.10

Millennium

Preamble

Millennium 401(k) Plan

Section 6.16

Millennium Balance Sheet

Section 4.04(b)

Millennium Common Stock

Section 2.01(a)

Millennium Disclosure Schedule

Article IV

Millennium Employee Plans

Section 4.14(a)

Millennium Intellectual Property Rights

Section 4.10(a)

Millennium Knowledge Parties

Article IV

Millennium Material Adverse Effect

Article IV

Millennium Material Contract

Section 4.11(a)

Millennium Meeting

Section 3.21

Millennium Preferred Stock

Section 4.02

Millennium Rights

Section 4.02

Millennium Rights Agreement

Section 4.02

Millennium SEC Reports

Section 4.04(a)

Millennium Stock Plans

Section 4.02

Millennium Voting Agreements

Preamble

Millennium Voting Proposal

Section 6.05(b)

Merger

Preamble

Merger Shares

Section 2.01(a)

Morgan Stanley

Section 4.19

Order

Section 7.01(e)

Outside Date

Section 8.01(b)

Parent

Section 3.01

Phase II Products

Section 4.10(a)

Registration Statement

Section 3.21

Regulation M-A Filing

Section 3.21

Representatives

Section 6.01(a)

Rule 145

Section 6.09

SEC

Section 3.03(c)

Section 16 Information

Section 6.17(b)

Securities Act

Section 3.03(c)

Sub

Preamble

Subsidiary

Section 3.01

Superior Proposal

Section 6.01(a)

Surviving Corporation

Section 1.03

Tax

Section 3.09(b)

Av

Tax Returns

Section 3.09(b)

Taxes

Section 3.09(b)

Third Party

Section 8.03(i)

Third Party Licenses

Section 3.12(a)

Avi

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    

    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (the "Agreement"), dated as of December 5, 2001, by and among Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Millennium"), PGM Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned, newly-formed subsidiary of Millennium ("Sub"), and COR Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("COR"). 

    WHEREAS,
the Boards of Directors of Millennium and COR deem it advisable and in the best interests of each corporation and its respective stockholders that Millennium and COR combine
in order to advance the long-term business interests of Millennium and COR; 

    WHEREAS,
the combination of Millennium and COR shall be effected by the terms of this Agreement through a merger of Sub into COR, as a result of which the stockholders of COR will
become stockholders of Millennium and COR will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennium (the "Merger"); 

    WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the parties' willingness to enter into this Agreement, Millennium and certain officers
and directors of COR who are stockholders of COR have executed Voting Agreements in favor of Millennium in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A

(the "COR Voting Agreements") and COR and certain officers and directors of Millennium who are stockholders of Millennium have executed Voting Agreements in favor of COR in the form attached hereto as 

Exhibit B
 (the "Millennium Voting Agreements"); and 

    WHEREAS,
for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code") and this Agreement shall constitute a plan of reorganization pursuant to Section 368(a) of the Code. 

    NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I  

THE MERGER  

    Section 1.01
  Effective Time of the Merger.
  Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, a
certificate of merger in such form as is required by the relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL") (the "Certificate of Merger") shall be duly executed and
acknowledged by the Surviving Corporation (as defined in Section 1.03) and thereafter delivered to the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware for filing, immediately after the Closing (as
defined in Section 1.02). The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later time as is
established by Millennium and COR and set forth in the Certificate of Merger in accordance with the DGCL (the "Effective Time"). 

    Section 1.02
  Closing.
  The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take place at
10:00 a.m., Boston time, on a date to be specified by Millennium and COR (the "Closing Date"), which shall be no later than the fifth business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
set forth in Article VII (other than delivery of items to be delivered at the Closing and other than satisfaction of those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, it
being understood that the occurrence of the Closing shall remain subject to the delivery of such items and the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions at the Closing), at the offices of Hale and
Dorr LLP, 60 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, unless another date, place or time is agreed to in writing by Millennium and COR. 

    Section 1.03
  Effects of the Merger.
  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and
pursuant to the provisions of the DGCL, at the Effective Time (i) the separate existence of Sub shall 

A1

cease and Sub shall be merged with and into COR (Sub and COR are sometimes referred to herein as the "Constituent Corporations" and COR following the Merger is sometimes referred to herein as the
"Surviving Corporation"), (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation of COR as in effect on the date of this Agreement shall be amended so that Article FOURTH of such Certificate of Incorporation
reads in its entirety as follows: "The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000, all of which shall consist of common stock, $.01 par
value per share," and, as so amended, such Certificate of Incorporation shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until further amended in accordance with the DGCL and
(iii) the By-laws of Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be amended to change all references to the name of Sub to refer to the name of COR, and, as so
amended, such By-laws shall be the By-laws of the
Surviving Corporation, until further amended in accordance with the DGCL. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in Section 259 of the DGCL. 

    Section 1.04
  Directors.
  The directors of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation. 

    Section 1.05
  Alternative Structure of Merger.
  At the election of Millennium prior to
December 21, 2001 and after concluding reasonably and in good faith that it would be obligated to take the actions described in Schedule 1.05 if the Merger was not restructured in the
manner described in this Section 1.05, and with the prior written consent of COR which shall not be unreasonably withheld, the Merger may be structured so that COR shall be merged with and into
Millennium with the result that Millennium shall be the "Surviving Corporation." If the Merger is so structured, (i) the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty of COR or Millennium, which
representation or warranty is or becomes inaccurate directly or indirectly as the result of Millennium, rather than COR, being the Surviving Corporation, shall not be deemed to be a breach of such
representation or warranty, (ii) the failure by COR or Millennium to perform or comply with a covenant or agreement: (A) that arose as a result of Millennium, rather than COR, being the
Surviving Corporation (including any covenant contained in this Section 1.05), or (B) to the extent that the failure occurred directly or indirectly as a result of Millennium, rather
than COR, being the Surviving Corporation, shall not be deemed to be a breach of or failure to comply with such covenant or agreement, (iii) any condition to the obligation of COR or Millennium
to effect the Merger which is not satisfied, or any termination right that becomes available, directly or indirectly as a direct or indirect result of Millennium, rather than COR, being the Surviving
Corporation, shall be deemed satisfied or unavailable, as the case may be, and (iv) the other provisions of this Agreement relating to the Merger (including without limitation
Section 1.03 and 1.04) shall be deemed to be appropriately modified to reflect such alternative structure. Without limiting the foregoing, COR acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the
event that the Merger is structured as set forth in this Section 1.05, the Millennium Voting Proposal shall be defined to also include the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the
Merger, and that the vote required thereby shall be the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Millennium Common Stock outstanding on the record date for the Millennium Meeting
at which a quorum is present, and (B) it shall not have the right to withhold its consent to the structuring of the Merger as set forth in this Section 1.05 in whole or in part because
of such change in the Millennium Voting Proposal. If the Merger is structured as set forth in this Section 1.05, Millennium and COR agree to (I) use all commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all consents necessary, and otherwise cause the satisfaction of all conditions to the obligations of COR and Millennium to effect the Merger without giving effect to the provisions of
clause (iii) of the second sentence of this Section, and (II) enter into agreements and other instruments reasonably requested by Millennium or COR, including if necessary an amendment
to this Agreement, to effect such structure. If COR provides Millennium with a written legal opinion of Cooley Godward LLP or another law firm reasonably acceptable to Millennium, in a form reasonably
acceptable to Millennium, indicating in substance that Millennium would not be obligated to take the actions 

A2

described in Schedule 1.05 if the Merger remained structured in the manner described in Section 1.03, the ability to restructure the Merger in the manner described in this
Section 1.05 shall terminate. 

ARTICLE II  

CONVERSION OF SECURITIES  

    Section 2.01
  Conversion of Capital Stock.

        (a)
  Capital Stock of Sub; Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Millennium Owned Stock; Exchange Ratio.
  As
of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of COR or Sub or the holder of any shares of capital stock of COR or capital stock of Sub: 

     (i) Each
issued and outstanding share of the capital stock of Sub shall cease to be outstanding, shall cease to exist and shall be converted into and become one fully
paid and nonassessable shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation. 

    (ii) All
shares of common stock, $.0001 par value per share, of COR ("COR Common Stock") that are owned by COR as treasury stock or by any wholly-owned Subsidiary (as
defined in Section 3.01) of COR and any shares of COR Common Stock owned by Millennium, Sub or any other wholly-owned Subsidiary of Millennium shall be cancelled and retired and shall cease to
exist and no stock of Millennium or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor. Any shares of common stock, $.001 par value per share, of Millennium ("Millennium Common Stock") owned
by COR shall be unaffected by the Merger. 

    (iii) Subject
to Section 2.02, each issued and outstanding share of COR Common Stock (other than shares to be cancelled in accordance with
Section 2.01(a)(ii)), shall be converted into the right to receive 0.9873 shares (the "Exchange Ratio") of Millennium Common Stock (collectively, the "Merger Shares"). All such shares of COR
Common Stock, when so converted, shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such shares
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive shares of Millennium Common Stock and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Millennium Common Stock to be issued or
paid in consideration therefor upon the surrender of such certificate in accordance with Section 2.02, without interest. 

    (iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if and only if the "Actual Signing Date Number of Shares" (as defined below) exceeds the
"Maximum Signing Date Number of Shares" (as defined below), then the Exchange Ratio shall be equal to the product of: (1) the number that would have otherwise constituted the Exchange Ratio but
for this Section 2.01(a)(iv); 
multiplied by
 (2) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Maximum Signing Date Number of Shares, and
the denominator of which shall be the Actual Signing Date Number of Shares. In no event shall such fraction be greater than one. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Actual Signing
Date Number of Shares exceeds the Maximum Signing Date Number of Shares by less than 37,500 shares, the provisions of this Section 2.01(a)(iv) shall not apply to adjust the Exchange
Ratio. For purposes of this Section 2.01(a)(iv): 

    (A) the
"Actual Signing Date Number of Shares" shall be equal to the sum of: 

    (1) the
number of shares of COR Common Stock outstanding as of the date of this Agreement (even if such number is different from the number represented by COR in
Section 3.02); and 

A3

    (2) the number of shares of COR Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of any COR Stock Options or COR Convertible Notes (even if such number is different from the
number represented by COR in Section 3.02), in each case outstanding as of the date of this Agreement; and 

    (B) the
"Maximum Signing Date Number of Shares" shall be equal to 78,232,268 shares. 

        (b)
  Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.
  The Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately and proportionately
adjusted to reflect fully the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into Millennium Common Stock or COR
Common Stock), reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or other like change with respect to Millennium Common Stock or COR Common Stock occurring (or for which a record date is established)
after the date hereof and on or prior to the Effective Time. 

        (c)
  Unvested Stock.
  At the Effective Time, any unvested shares of COR Common Stock awarded to
employees, directors or consultants pursuant to any of COR's plans or arrangements and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into unvested shares of Millennium Common
Stock in accordance with the Exchange Ratio and shall remain subject to the same terms, restrictions and vesting schedule as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, except to the extent by
their terms as in effect on the date of this Agreement such unvested shares of COR Common Stock vest at the Effective Time. All outstanding rights which COR may hold immediately prior to the Effective
Time to repurchase unvested shares of COR Common Stock shall be assigned to Millennium
in the Merger and shall thereafter be exercisable by Millennium upon the same terms and conditions in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that the shares purchasable pursuant to
such rights and the purchase price payable per share shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the Exchange Ratio. COR shall take all steps necessary to cause the foregoing provisions of this
Section 2.01(c) to occur. 

    Section 2.02
  Exchange of Certificates.
  The procedures for exchanging outstanding shares of COR
Common Stock for Millennium Common Stock pursuant to the Merger are as follows: 

        (a)
  Exchange Agent.
  At the Effective Time, Millennium shall deposit with a bank or trust company
designated by Millennium (the "Exchange Agent"), for the benefit of the holders of shares of COR Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with this Section 2.02, through the Exchange Agent,
certificates representing the shares of Millennium Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 2.01 in exchange for outstanding shares of COR Common Stock and cash in an amount sufficient to make
payments required pursuant to Section 2.02(e) (such shares of Millennium Common Stock and such cash being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). 

        (b)
  Exchange Procedures.
  As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall
mail to each holder of record of a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of COR Common Stock (the "Certificates") whose shares were
converted pursuant to Section 2.01 into the right to receive shares of Millennium Common Stock (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have such other provisions as Millennium may reasonably
specify) and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for certificates representing shares of Millennium Common Stock (plus cash in lieu of fractional
shares, if any, of Millennium Common Stock and any dividends or distributions as provided below). Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or
agents as may be appointed by Millennium, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such
Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a certificate representing that number of whole shares of Millennium Common Stock which such holder has the right to receive pursuant to
the provisions of this Article II 

A4

plus cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.02(e) and any dividends or distributions pursuant to Section 2.02(c), and the Certificate so surrendered shall immediately be
cancelled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of COR Common Stock which is not registered in the transfer records of COR, a certificate representing the proper number of shares of Millennium
Common Stock plus cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.02(e) and any dividends or distributions pursuant to Section 2.02(c) may be issued or paid to a person other
than the person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered, if the Certificate representing such COR Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents
required to evidence and effect such transfer and by evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.02, each Certificate
shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time
to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the certificate representing shares of Millennium Common Stock plus cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.02(e) and
any dividends or distributions pursuant to Section 2.02(c) as contemplated by this Section 2.02. 

        (c)
  Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares.
  No dividends or other distributions declared or
made after the Effective Time with respect to Millennium Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the
shares of Millennium Common Stock represented thereby and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares shall be paid to any such holder pursuant to Section 2.02(e) below until the holder of
record of such Certificate shall surrender such Certificate. Subject to the effect of applicable laws, following surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be issued and paid to the record holder
of the Certificate (i) certificates representing whole shares of Millennium Common Stock issued in exchange therefor, (ii) at the time of such surrender, the amount of any cash payable
in lieu of a fractional share of Millennium Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.02(e) below and the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective Time with respect to such whole shares of Millennium Common Stock with a payment date on or prior to such time of surrender, without interest, and (iii) at the appropriate
payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to surrender and a payment date subsequent to surrender payable with respect to such
whole shares of Millennium Common Stock. 

        (d)
  No Further Ownership Rights in COR Common Stock.
  All shares of Millennium Common Stock issued upon
the surrender for exchange of Certificates in accordance with the terms hereof (including any cash or dividends or other distributions paid pursuant to Sections 2.02(c) or 2.02(e)) shall be deemed to
have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of COR Common Stock, and from and after the Effective Time there shall be no further registration of transfers on the
stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of COR Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are
presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent for any reason, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this Article II. 

        (e)
  No Fractional Shares.
  No certificate or scrip representing fractional shares of Millennium Common
Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any other rights of a stockholder of
Millennium. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each holder of shares of COR Common Stock exchanged pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a
fraction of a share of Millennium Common Stock (after taking into account and aggregating all Certificates delivered by such holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an
amount equal to such fractional part of a share of Millennium Common Stock multiplied by the average of the last reported sale prices of Millennium Common Stock, as reported on the Nasdaq National
Market, during the ten consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day prior to the Closing Date. 

A5

        (f)
  Termination of Exchange Fund.
  Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the
stockholders of COR for 270 days after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Millennium, upon demand, and any stockholders of COR who have not previously complied with this
Section 2.02 shall thereafter look only to Millennium for payment of their claim for Millennium Common Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Millennium Common Stock and any dividends
or distributions with respect to Millennium Common Stock. 

        (g)
  No Liability.
  To the extent permitted by applicable law, none of Millennium, Sub, COR, the
Surviving Corporation, the Exchange Agent, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or counsel, shall be liable to any holder of shares of COR Common Stock or Millennium
Common Stock, as the case may be, for such shares (or cash, dividends or distributions with respect thereto) properly delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar law. If any Certificate shall not have been surrendered prior to two years after the Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any shares of Millennium
Common Stock, and any cash payable to the holder of such Certificate pursuant to this Article II or any dividends or distributions payable to the holder of such Certificate would otherwise
escheat to or become the property of any governmental body or authority), any such shares of Millennium Common Stock or cash, dividends or distributions in respect of such Certificate shall, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto. 

        (h)
  Withholding Rights.
  Each of Millennium and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct
and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of COR Common Stock such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the
making of such payment under the Code, or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the Surviving Corporation or Millennium, as the case may be,
such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of COR Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was
made by the Surviving Corporation or Millennium, as the case may be. 

        (i)
  Lost Certificates.
  If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of
an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable
amount (but not more than the market value) as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent will
issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the shares of Millennium Common Stock and any cash in lieu of fractional shares, and unpaid dividends and distributions on shares of
Millennium Common Stock deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement. 

        (j)
  Affiliates.
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Certificates surrendered for exchange
by any Affiliate (as defined in Section 6.09 below) of COR shall not be exchanged until Millennium has received an Affiliate Agreement (as defined in Section 6.09 below) from such
Affiliate. 

A6

ARTICLE III  

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CRIMSON  

    Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule delivered by COR to Millennium on or before the date of this Agreement (the "COR Disclosure Schedule") (which
COR Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in sections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections contained in this Article III and the disclosure in any section shall qualify
(1) the corresponding section of this Article III and (2) other sections in this Article III to the extent that it is reasonably apparent that it also qualifies or applies
to such other sections), COR represents and warrants to Millennium and Sub as follows in this Article III. As used in this Agreement, any reference to "COR's knowledge", "the knowledge of COR",
"the best knowledge of COR", "of which COR is aware", or any similar expression shall mean the actual knowledge of Vaughn M. Kailian, President and Chief Executive Officer, Peter S. Roddy, Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer, Charles J. Homey, Executive Vice President, Research and Development, Lee M. Rauch, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, and Patrick A. Broderick,
Senior Vice President and General Counsel. 

    For
purposes of this Agreement, the term "COR Material Adverse Effect" means any material adverse change, event, circumstance, development or effect on (a) the assets,
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of COR and its Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 3.01 below) taken as a whole; or (b) the ability of COR to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that the following events shall not be deemed to be, and shall not be taken into account in determining whether there has been or
whether there is likely or expected to be, a "COR Material Adverse Effect" on or with respect to COR and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole: (i) any adverse change in the stock price of COR in
and of itself, as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market; (ii) any adverse change, event, circumstance, development or effect resulting from a change in general economic, industry or financial
market conditions not substantially disproportionately affecting COR and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (iii) any change, event, circumstance, development or effect resulting from a breach
of this Agreement by Millennium or Sub; (iv) any adverse change, event, circumstance, development or effect resulting from any acts of terrorism or war, including the events of
September 11, 2001, fighting in Afghanistan, letters containing anthrax and similar circumstances; (v) any adverse change, event, circumstance, development or effect directly resulting
from the announcement or pendency of the Merger; and (vi) any adverse change, event, circumstance, development or effect resulting from or relating to compliance with the terms of, or the
taking of any action expressly required by, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree that the terms "material", "materially" or "materiality" as used in this Agreement with an
initial lower case "m" shall have their respective customary meanings, without regard to the meaning ascribed to COR Material Adverse
Effect in the prior sentences of this paragraph or the meaning ascribed to Millennium Material Adverse Effect in Article IV below. 

    Section 3.01
  Organization of COR.
  COR and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has all requisite corporate power to own, lease and operate its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so
qualified, individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to be material to COR and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Except as set forth in the COR SEC Reports (as defined in
Section 3.04(a)) filed prior to the date hereof, neither COR nor any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business association or entity. As used in this Agreement, the word "Subsidiary" means, with respect to a person
or entity (the "Parent"), any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which (i) such Parent or any other Subsidiary of such Parent is a general partner or
a managing member or (ii) at least a majority of the securities or 

A7

other interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or others performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other organization
is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Parent or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such Parent and one or more of its Subsidiaries. COR has made available to Millennium true
and complete copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of COR and of the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of each Subsidiary of COR. 

    Section 3.02
  COR Capital Structure.

        (a) The
authorized capital stock of COR consists of 120,000,000 shares of COR Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 ("COR Preferred
Stock"). The rights and privileges of each class of COR's capital stock are as set forth in COR's Certificate of Incorporation. As of December 3, 2001, (i) 55,706,426 shares of COR
Common Stock are issued and outstanding, all of which are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (ii) no shares of COR Common Stock were held in the treasury of COR or
by Subsidiaries of COR, and (iii) no shares of COR Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding COR Common Stock was issued in compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws. Between December 3, 2001 and the date hereof, (i) no shares of COR Common Stock or COR Preferred Stock were issued other than pursuant to the exercise
of COR Stock Options (as defined below) or the conversion of COR Convertible Notes (as defined below), and (ii) no COR Stock Options have been issued or awarded. The COR Disclosure Schedule
sets forth the following information: 

    (1) all
issued and outstanding shares of COR Common Stock that constitute restricted stock or that are otherwise subject to a repurchase or redemption right or right of
first refusal in favor of COR; the
name of the applicable stockholder, the lapsing schedule for any such shares, including the extent to which any such repurchase or redemption right or right of first refusal has lapsed as of the date
of this Agreement, whether (and to what extent) the lapsing will be accelerated in any way by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or by termination of employment or change in position
following consummation of the Merger, and whether such holder has the sole power to vote and dispose of such shares; 

    (2) as
of December 3, 2001, the number of shares of COR Common Stock reserved for future issuance pursuant to stock options granted and outstanding as of the
date of this Agreement (other than options granted under the ESPP (as defined in Section 6.11(d) below)), and the plans and arrangements (whether written or unwritten) under which such options
were granted (collectively, including the ESPP, the "COR Stock Plans"), a complete and accurate list of all holders of options outstanding as of December 3, 2001 to purchase shares of COR
Common Stock (such outstanding options, the "COR Stock Options") under the COR Stock Plans (other than the ESPP), indicating with respect to each such COR Stock Option the employment status (e.g.,
employee or consultant) of the holder thereof, the number of shares of COR Common Stock subject to each such COR Stock Option, the exercise price, the date of grant, the expiration date and the
vesting schedule for any such options, including the extent to which any such vesting has occurred as of the date of this Agreement, and whether (and to what exte