URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/882194/000091205702001252/0000912057-02-001252.txt

106558730

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MATRIX PHARMACEUTICAL INC/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882194
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				942957068
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-42277
		FILM NUMBER:		2508711

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34700 CAMPUS DR
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94555
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4157429900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34700 CAMPUS DRIVE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94555

SC TO-T

a2067573zscto-t.htm

SC TO-T

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2002  

Schedule TO

Tender Offer Statement

Under Section 14(D)(1) or 13(E)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.

(Name of Subject Company) 

Chiron Corporation and

Manon Acquisition Corp.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Chiron Corporation

(Name of Filing Persons) 

Common Stock,

and the associated Preferred Stock purchase rights

(Title of Class of Securities) 

(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

William G. Green, Esq.

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Chiron Corporation

4560 Horton Street

Emeryville, CA 94608

(510) 655-8750  

(Name, address, and telephone numbers of person authorized

to receive notices and communications on behalf of filing persons) 

with copies to:  

 Alison S. Ressler, Esq.

Sullivan & Cromwell

1888 Century Park East

Los Angeles, California 90067-1725

(310) 712-6600  

CALCULATION OF FILING FEE  

Transaction valuation(1)

Amount of filing fee

$62,077,235.87

$12,415.45

(1)
Based
on the offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. at a purchase price of $2.21 cash per share, 26,537,830 shares
outstanding, 1,423,282 shares issuable pursuant to in-the-money (based on the $2.21 purchase price) options to acquire Matrix common stock, an estimated 55,008 shares of Matrix common stock issuable
under Matrix's employee stock purchase plan and an estimated 73,127 shares of Matrix common stock issuable under Matrix's 401(k) plan, in each case as of January 10, 2002. 

/ /  Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was previously
paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. 

   Amount
Previously Paid:  N/A

   Form or Registration No.:  N/A

   Filing Party:  N/A

   Date Filed:  N/A 

/ /  Check
the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer. 

Check
the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the statement relates: 

/x/  third-party
tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1. 

/ /  issuer
tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4. 

/ /  going-private
transaction subject to Rule 13e-3. 

/ /  amendment
to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2. 

    Check
the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results of the tender offer: / / 

    This
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO relates to the commencement by Manon Acquisition Corp. ("Merger Sub"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), of its offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), together with the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995 (the "Rights
Agreement"), between the Company and
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the Common Stock and the Rights together being referred to herein as the "Shares") at a price of $2.21 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 14, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit (a)(1), and in the related Letter of
Transmittal, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit (a)(2). 

    The
information in the Offer to Purchase, including all schedules and annexes thereto, is hereby incorporated by reference in response to all the items of this Schedule TO, except as
otherwise set forth below. 

ITEM 10. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  

(a)
Financial
information. Not applicable.

(b)
Pro
forma information. Not applicable. 

ITEM 11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.  

(b)
Other
material information. The information set forth in the Letter of Transmittal attached hereto as Exhibit (a)(2) is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. EXHIBITS.  

    The following documents are attached as exhibits to this Schedule TO: 

(a)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated January 14, 2002.

(a)(2)

Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(3)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(4)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(5)

Form of Letter to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and other nominees.

(a)(6)

Form of Letter to be used by brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and other nominees to their clients.

(a)(7)

Form of Letter to Participants in the 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.

(a)(8)

Summary newspaper advertisement, dated January 14, 2002. Published in The Wall Street Journal.

Exhibit (b)

None.

Exhibit (d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 6, 2002, among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company.

Exhibit (d)(2)

Confidentiality Agreement, dated October 3, 2001, between Parent and the Company.

Exhibit (g)

None.

Exhibit (h)

None.

ITEM 13. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE 13E-3.  

    Not applicable. 

SIGNATURE    

    After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct. 

Date:
January 14, 2002 

MANON ACQUISITION CORP.

By:

/s/ 
WILLIAM G. GREEN

 Name:  William G. Green

Title:   Vice President and Secretary

CHIRON CORPORATION

By:

/s/ 
WILLIAM G. GREEN

 Name:  William G. Green

Title:   Senior Vice President,

Secretary and General

Counsel

QuickLinks

SIGNATURE

EX-99.A1

a2067573zex-99_a1.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(1)  

Offer to Purchase for Cash  

All of the Outstanding Shares of Common Stock  

of  

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.  

at  

$2.21 Net Per Share  

 by  

 Manon Acquisition Corp.

a wholly owned subsidiary of  

Chiron Corporation  

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (I) THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF
THE OFFER THAT NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.01 PER SHARE (THE "COMMON STOCK"), TOGETHER WITH THE
ASSOCIATED RIGHTS TO PURCHASE PREFERRED STOCK (THE "RIGHTS" AND, COLLECTIVELY, THE "SHARES"), OF MATRIX PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. (THE "COMPANY") WHICH, WHEN ADDED TOGETHER WITH ALL OTHER SHARES
OWNED BY CHIRON CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, WOULD REPRESENT AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES (DETERMINED ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS FOR ALL OUTSTANDING STOCK OPTIONS AND ANY OTHER
RIGHTS (OTHER THAN THE RIGHTS, IF SUCH RIGHTS ARE NOT AT THAT TIME EXERCISABLE) TO ACQUIRE SHARES OUTSTANDING ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE), (II) ANY REQUISITE WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE
HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED, APPLICABLE TO THE PURCHASE OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER OR THE MERGER DESCRIBED HEREIN HAVING BEEN TERMINATED OR HAVING
EXPIRED, AND (III) THE APPLICABLE WAITING PERIODS UNDER FOREIGN ANTITRUST AND COMPETITION LAWS HAVING BEEN TERMINATED OR HAVING EXPIRED, EXCEPT FOR SUCH WAITING PERIODS THE FAILURE OF WHICH TO
TERMINATE OR EXPIRE WOULD NOT HAVE A PARENT MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT OR A COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE) OR TO PROVIDE A REASONABLE BASIS TO
CONCLUDE THAT CHIRON CORPORATION, MANON ACQUISITION CORP. OR THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, ADVISORS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES WOULD BE SUBJECT TO THE RISK OF
CRIMINAL LIABILITY. THE CONSUMMATION OF THE OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO THE OTHER CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE. SEE SECTION 13.

THE OFFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2002 (THE "MERGER AGREEMENT"), AMONG CHIRON CORPORATION, MANON
ACQUISITION CORP. AND THE COMPANY. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS DETERMINED THAT THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, THE COMPANY'S
STOCKHOLDERS, AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

IMPORTANT    

    Any stockholder desiring to tender all or any portion of such stockholder's Shares should (1) complete and sign the Letter of Transmittal or a facsimile
thereof in accordance with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal, including any required signature guarantees, and mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal or such facsimile with such
stockholder's certificate(s) for the tendered Shares and any other required documents to the Depositary named herein, (2) follow the procedure for book-entry tender of Shares set
forth in Section 3, or (3) request such stockholder's broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the transaction for such stockholder. Stockholders having
Shares registered in the name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee must contact such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee if they desire to
tender Shares so registered. 

    A
stockholder of the Company who desires to tender Shares and whose certificates for such Shares are not immediately available, or who cannot comply with the procedure for
book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may tender such Shares by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery set forth in Section 3. 

    Questions
and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone number set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Requests for
additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and other tender offer materials may be directed to the Information Agent. Stockholders may
also contact their broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee. 

January 14,

SUMMARY TERM SHEET    

    This summary highlights important and material information from this Offer to Purchase but does not purport to be complete. To fully understand the tender
offer described in this document and for a more complete description of its terms, you should read carefully this entire Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal (which together, as amended and
supplemented, constitute the "Offer"). We have included section references to direct you to a more complete description of the topics contained in this summary. 


WHO
IS OFFERING TO BUY MY SECURITIES? 

Manon
Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, is offering to buy your Shares as described in this document. See Section 9 of this document for further information
about Chiron Corporation and Manon Acquisition Corp. 


WHAT
ARE THE CLASSES AND AMOUNTS OF SECURITIES SOUGHT IN THE OFFER? 

Manon
Acquisition Corp. is offering to buy all of the outstanding Shares of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. For information about the conditions to which the Offer is subject, see Section 13
of this document. 


HOW
MUCH IS MANON ACQUISITION CORP. OFFERING TO PAY AND WHAT IS THE FORM OF PAYMENT? 

Manon
Acquisition Corp. is offering to pay $2.21 in cash for each Share of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. See Section 1 of this document for information about the terms of the Offer. 


DOES
MANON ACQUISITION CORP. HAVE THE FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO MAKE PAYMENT? 

Yes.
Chiron Corporation, the parent of Manon Acquisition Corp., will be financing the Offer described in this document with existing cash. See Section 12 of this document. 


ARE
CHIRON CORPORATION'S FINANCIAL RESULTS RELEVANT TO MY DECISION AS TO WHETHER TO TENDER IN THE OFFER? 

Since
the Offer is for cash and is not subject to any financing condition, Chiron Corporation's financial results should not be relevant to your decision on whether to tender your Shares in the Offer. 


HOW
LONG DO I HAVE TO DECIDE WHETHER TO TENDER IN THE INITIAL OFFERING PERIOD? 

You
may tender your Shares into the Offer until 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Monday, February 11, 2002, which is the scheduled expiration date of the offering period, unless Manon
Acquisition Corp. decides to extend the offering period or provide a subsequent offering period. See Section 3 of this document for information about tendering your Shares. 


CAN
THE OFFER BE EXTENDED, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES? 

Yes,
Chiron Corporation and Manon Acquisition Corp. have agreed that if all of the conditions to the Offer described in this document are not satisfied on any scheduled expiration date of the Offer,
Manon Acquisition Corp. will extend the Offer for a period of time (which, without the written consent of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., will not exceed ten days per extension) that Manon
Acquisition Corp. reasonably believes is necessary to cause the conditions to the Offer described in this document to be satisfied, 
provided
 that so
long as Chiron Corporation and Manon Acquisition Corp. shall have complied with their obligations under the Merger Agreement, Manon Acquisition Corp. will not be required to extend the Offer beyond
the twentieth business day following March 31, 2002. In addition, Manon Acquisition Corp. may, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer (i) for any period required by any
rule, regulation, interpretation or position of 

i

the SEC or its staff applicable to the Offer or (ii) on one or more occasions for an aggregate period of not more than ten business days if a number of Shares representing at least a majority
of the total number of outstanding Shares (calculated on a fully diluted basis) but fewer than 90% of the total number of outstanding Shares shall have been validly tendered in the Offer and not
withdrawn. In addition, Manon Acquisition Corp. shall extend the Offer for seven days on one occasion under certain circumstances described in this document. See Section 1 of this document for
information about extension of the Offer. 


WILL
THERE BE A SUBSEQUENT OFFERING PERIOD? 

Following
the satisfaction of all the conditions to the Offer described in this document and the acceptance of and payment for all the Shares tendered during the offering period, Manon Acquisition
Corp. may, with the written consent of the Company, elect to provide a subsequent offering period, although Manon Acquisition Corp. currently has no intention to do so. 


HOW
WILL I BE NOTIFIED IF THE OFFER IS EXTENDED? 

Manon
Acquisition Corp. will announce by press release any extension of the Offer no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next day after the previously scheduled expiration date.
See Section 1 of this document for more information about extension of the Offer. If, with the consent of the Company, Manon Acquisition Corp. determines to provide a subsequent offering
period, it will publicly disclose its intentions by issuing a press release no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next day after the expiration date of the offering period. Any
such press release will state the approximate number of Shares tendered to date. 


WHAT
ARE THE MOST SIGNIFICANT CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER? 

The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares (calculated on a fully diluted basis) being validly tendered in the Offer and not
withdrawn, on the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under United States federal antitrust laws and on the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under
certain foreign antitrust and competition laws. The Offer is subject to certain other conditions. For a complete description of all of the conditions to which the Offer is subject, see
Section 13 of this document. 


HOW
DO I TENDER MY SHARES? 

If
you hold the certificates for your Shares, you should complete the enclosed Letter of Transmittal and enclose all the documents required by it, including your certificates, and send them to the
Depositary at the address listed on the back cover of this document. If your broker holds your Shares for you in "street name," you must instruct your broker to tender your Shares on your behalf. In
any case, the Depositary must receive all required documents prior to 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Monday, February 11, 2002, which is the expiration date of the Offer, unless Manon
Acquisition Corp. decides to extend the Offer. If you cannot comply with any of these procedures, you still may be able to tender your Shares by using the guaranteed delivery procedures described in
this document. See Section 3 of this document for more information on the procedures for tendering your Shares. 


UNTIL
WHAT TIME CAN I WITHDRAW PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES? 

The
tender of your Shares may be withdrawn at any time prior to the expiration date of the Offer. There will be no withdrawal rights during any subsequent offering period. See Section 4 of this
document for more information. 


HOW
DO I WITHDRAW PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES? 

You
(or your broker or bank, if your Shares were held in "street name") must notify the Depositary at the address and telephone number listed on the back cover of this document, and 

ii

the notice must include the name of the stockholder that tendered the Shares, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name in which the tendered Shares are registered. For complete information
about the procedures for withdrawing your previously tendered Shares, see Section 4 of this document. 


WHAT
DOES MY BOARD OF DIRECTORS THINK OF THE OFFER? 

The board of directors of the Company has determined that the Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company's stockholders, and
unanimously recommends that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer.


IF
MANON ACQUISITION CORP. CONSUMMATES THE TENDER OFFER, WHAT ARE MANON ACQUISITION CORP.'S PLANS WITH RESPECT TO ALL THE SHARES THAT ARE NOT TENDERED IN THE OFFER? 

If
Manon Acquisition Corp. purchases at least a majority of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, it intends to cause a merger to occur between Manon Acquisition Corp. and Matrix
Pharmaceutical, Inc. in which stockholders who have not previously tendered their Shares will also receive $2.21 in cash subject to their right to dissent and demand the fair cash value of
their Shares. If Manon Acquisition Corp. does not receive at least a majority of the Shares, it does not presently intend to acquire any Shares. 


IF
I DECIDE NOT TO TENDER, HOW WILL THE OFFER AFFECT MY SHARES? 

The
purchase of the Shares by Manon Acquisition Corp. will reduce the number of the Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and may reduce the number of holders of the Shares, which could adversely
affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares held by the public. The Shares may also cease to be quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Also, Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. may cease
making filings with the SEC or may otherwise cease being required to comply with the SEC's rules relating to publicly held companies. See Section 7 of this document for complete information
about the effect of the Offer on your Shares. 


WHAT
IS THE MARKET VALUE OF MY SHARES AS OF A RECENT DATE? 

On
January 4, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement of the Offer, the reported closing price of the Shares was $2.59 per Share. On January 11, 2002, the last
full trading day for which prices were available before the commencement of the Offer, the reported closing price of the Shares was $2.18 per Share. You should obtain a recent market quotation for
your Shares in deciding whether to tender them. See Section 6 of this document for recent high and low closing bid prices for the Shares. 


WHO
IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PAYMENT OF TAXES AND BROKERAGE FEES? 

Stockholders
of record who tender Shares directly will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes
on the purchase of the Shares by Manon Acquisition Corp. pursuant to the Offer. However, any tendering stockholder or other payee who fails to complete and sign the Substitute
Form W-9 included in the Letter of Transmittal may be subject to backup federal income tax withholding of 30% of the gross proceeds payable to such stockholder or other payee
pursuant to the Offer. See Section 3. Stockholders who hold their Shares through a broker, bank or other nominee should check with such institution as to whether they charge any service fees. 


WHO
CAN I TALK TO IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE TENDER OFFER? 

If
you have any questions you can call the Information Agent, MacKenzie Partners, Inc. at (212) 929-5500 (call collect) or (800) 322-2885. See the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. 

iii

    

Section

Page

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

i

INTRODUCTION

1.

Terms of the Offer

2.

Acceptance for Payment and Payment for the Shares

3.

Procedure for Tendering Shares

4.

Rights of Withdrawal

5.

Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer

6.

Price Range of the Shares

7.

Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock Quotation, Margin Regulations and Exchange Act Registration

8.

Certain Information Concerning the Company

9.

Certain Information Concerning Parent and Merger Sub

10.

Background of the Offer; Contacts with the Company

11.

Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the Company; the Merger

12.

Source and Amount of Funds

13.

Certain Conditions of the Offer

14.

Dividends and Distributions

15.

Certain Legal Matters

16.

Fees and Expenses

17.

Miscellaneous

Schedule A  Information Concerning the Directors and Executive Officers of Parent and Merger Sub

A-1

iv

To the Holders of Shares of

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.:  

INTRODUCTION    

    Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), hereby
offers to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), together with the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights") issued
pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995, as amended (the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the Common Stock and the Rights together
being referred to herein as the "Shares") of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at $2.21 per Share, net to the seller in cash (the "Offer Price"), upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively
constitute the "Offer"). Tendering stockholders who are record holders of their Shares and tender directly to EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the "Depositary") will not be obligated to pay brokerage
fees or commissions or, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes on the purchase of the Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their
Shares through a broker or bank should consult such institution as to whether it charges any service fees. Merger Sub will pay all charges and expenses of the Depositary and MacKenzie
Partners, Inc. (the "Information Agent"). 

    The
Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of January 6, 2002, among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company, pursuant to
which, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined below) in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
"DGCL"), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company and the separate existence of Merger Sub shall thereupon cease (the "Merger"). The Company shall continue its existence
under the laws of the State of Delaware. As a result of the Merger, the Company (sometimes referred to herein as the "Surviving Corporation") will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. 

    The
Merger shall become effective upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such subsequent time or date (not later than
90 days after the date of filing) as Parent and the Company shall agree and specify in the certificate of merger. The time at which the Merger becomes effective is referred to in this document
as the "Effective Time." In the
Merger, each issued and outstanding Share (other than Shares, if any, that are held by any stockholder who is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such shares pursuant to, and who
complies in all respects with, the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL ("Dissenting Stockholders") and Shares that are owned by the Company (as treasury stock), Parent or any subsidiary of
Parent (including Merger Sub) immediately prior to the Effective Time) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive
from the Surviving Corporation in cash, without interest, the Offer Price. 

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS DETERMINED THAT THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, THE COMPANY'S
STOCKHOLDERS, AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

Banc of America Securities LLC ("Banc of America"), financial advisor to the Company, has delivered to the Board of Directors of the Company its opinion, dated
January 6, 2002 (the "Financial Advisor Opinion"), to the effect that, as of such date, and based on and subject to the matters set forth therein, the cash consideration to be received by the
holders of Shares pursuant to the Offer and  

 the Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. A copy of the Financial Advisor Opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limits
on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex I to the Company's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule 14D-9"), which has
been filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") in connection with the Offer and which is being mailed to stockholders herewith. Stockholders are urged to, and
should, read the Financial Advisor Opinion carefully and in its entirety.

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer that number
of Shares which, when added together with all other Shares owned by Parent and its subsidiaries, would represent at least a majority of the outstanding Shares (determined on a fully diluted basis for
all outstanding stock options and any other rights (other than the Rights, if such Rights are not at that time exercisable) to acquire Shares outstanding on the date of purchase) (the "Minimum
Condition"), (ii) any requisite waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), applicable to the purchase of Shares
pursuant to the Offer or the Merger described herein having been terminated or having expired (the "HSR Condition"), and (iii) the applicable waiting periods under foreign antitrust and
competition laws having been terminated or having expired, except for such waiting periods the failure of which to terminate or expire would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or a Company
Material Adverse Effect (as such terms are defined in Section 11) or to provide a reasonable basis to conclude that the Company, Merger Sub or Parent or any of their respective directors,
officers, agents, advisors or other representatives would be subject to the risk of criminal liability (the "Foreign Antitrust Condition"). The Offer is also subject to the other conditions set forth
in this Offer to Purchase. See Section 13. The Minimum Condition, the HSR Condition, the Foreign Antitrust
Condition and the other conditions to the Offer set forth in Section 13 are collectively referred to as the "Offer Conditions."

According to the Company, as of January 10, 2002 there were 26,537,830 Shares outstanding and there were 4,476,668 Shares reserved for issuance under
then-exercisable stock options pursuant to the Company's stock option plans, an estimated 55,008 Shares issuable pursuant to the Company's employee stock purchase plan and an estimated
73,127 Shares issuable pursuant to the Company's 401(k) plan. Based on such information, the Minimum Condition would be satisfied if 15,571,317 Shares were validly tendered and not
withdrawn.

This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain important information and they should be read in their entirety before any decision is
made with respect to the Offer.

1. Terms of the Offer.  

    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer (including the terms and conditions set forth in Section 13 and, if the Offer is
extended or amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or amendment), Merger Sub will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly tendered on or prior to the Expiration Date (as
defined herein) and not withdrawn as permitted by Section 4. The term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Monday, February 11, 2002, unless and until Merger
Sub shall have extended the period for which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date on which the Offer, as so extended by Merger Sub, shall
expire. The period from the date hereof until 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Monday, February 11, 2002, as such period may be extended, is referred to as the "Offering Period." 

    The
Rights presently are transferable only with the certificates for the Shares and the surrender for transfer of certificates for any Shares will also constitute the transfer of the
Rights associated with the Shares represented by such certificates. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the 

Company's Board of Directors amended the Rights Agreement to provide that, for so long as the Merger Agreement is in full force and effect, (i) none of Parent and its subsidiaries (including
Merger Sub) shall become an "Acquiring Person" (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and no "Stock Acquisition Date" (as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall occur as a result of the execution,
delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (ii) no "Distribution Date" (as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall occur as a result of the
announcement of or the execution of the Merger Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated thereby and (iii) each of Parent and Merger Sub will not be an "Acquiring Person" as a result of
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

    Subject
to the terms of the Merger Agreement (see Section 11) and applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, Merger Sub expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion,
at any time or from time to time, to extend the Offering Period by giving oral or written notice of such extension to the Depositary. During any such extension of the Offering Period, all Shares
previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a tendering stockholder to withdraw such stockholder's Shares. See Section 4. 

    Notwithstanding
any other term of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Merger Sub's obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the
Offer), to pay for any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, unless the Minimum Condition, the HSR Condition and the Foreign Antitrust Condition have been satisfied. Furthermore, notwithstanding any
other term of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject as aforesaid, to pay for any Shares not theretofore accepted for payment or paid
for, if, immediately prior to the acceptance for payment of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, any of certain specified conditions set forth in Section 13 exists, which, in
the reasonable judgment of Merger Sub or Parent, in any such case, and regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition (including any action or inaction by Parent or any of its
affiliates), makes it inadvisable to proceed with the Offer and/or with such acceptance for payment or payment. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub reserves the right to waive any condition
to the Offer or modify the terms of the offer, except that, without the prior written consent of the Company, Merger Sub will not (i) reduce the number of Shares subject to the Offer,
(ii) reduce the price per Share to be paid pursuant to the Offer, (iii) change or waive the Minimum Condition, add to the Offer Conditions or modify any Offer Condition in any manner
adverse to the holders of Shares, (iv) except as described below, extend the Offer, (v) change the form of consideration payable in the Offer or (vi) otherwise amend the Offer in
any manner adverse to the holders of Shares. 

    Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Merger Sub may (but shall not be obligated to), without the consent of the Company, (i) extend the Offer for one or more periods of time (which,
without the written consent of the Company, shall not exceed ten days per extension) that Merger Sub reasonably believes are necessary to cause the Offer Conditions to be satisfied, if at the
scheduled expiration date of the Offer any of the Offer Conditions are not satisfied, until such time as such Offer Conditions are satisfied or waived, (ii) extend the Offer for any period
required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer or (iii) extend the Offer on one or more occasions for an aggregate period
of not more than ten business days if the Minimum Condition has been satisfied but fewer than 90% of the Shares have been validly tendered and not withdrawn. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, if all
of the Offer Conditions are not satisfied on any scheduled expiration date of the Offer then Merger Sub will from time to time and on each such occurrence extend the Offer for a period of time (which,
without the written consent of the Company, shall not exceed ten days per extension) that Merger Sub reasonably believes is necessary to cause the Offer Conditions to be satisfied until such
conditions are satisfied or waived, 
provided
 that, so long as Parent 

and Merger Sub shall have complied with their obligations under the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub shall not be required to extend the Offer beyond the twentieth business day following March 31,
2002 (the "Drop Dead Date"). In addition, Merger Sub shall extend the Offer for seven days if the Company has not sold its San Diego facility on or prior to any scheduled expiration date of the Offer, 

provided
 that Merger Sub will not be required to so extend the Offer more than once. 

    Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including the Offer Conditions and, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or
amendment), Merger Sub will accept for payment, and will purchase, all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn promptly after the expiration of the Offering Period. If there is a Subsequent Offering
Period (as defined below), all Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period will be immediately accepted for payment and purchased as they are tendered. 

    Any
extension, delay, termination or amendment of the Offer will be followed as promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof, such announcement in the case of an extension
to be issued no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. Subject to applicable law (including
Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, which require that any material change in the information published, sent or given to stockholders
in connection with the Offer be promptly disseminated to stockholders in a manner reasonably designed to inform stockholders of such change) and without limiting the manner in which Merger Sub may
choose to make any public announcement, Merger Sub shall have no obligation to publish, advertise or otherwise communicate any such public announcement other than by issuing a press release or other
public announcement. 

    Merger
Sub may (with the written consent of the Company) elect to provide a subsequent offering period of three to 20 business days (the "Subsequent Offering Period") following its
acceptance for payment of Shares in the Offer. For purposes of the Offer, a "business day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday and consists of the time period from
12:01 a.m. through 12:00 Midnight, New York City time. A Subsequent Offering Period, if one is provided, is not an extension of the Offering Period. A Subsequent Offering Period would be an
additional period of time, following the expiration of the Offering Period, in which stockholders may tender Shares not tendered during the Offering Period. Any decision to provide a Subsequent
Offering Period will be announced no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the expiration of the Offering Period. Merger Sub will announce the approximate
number and percentage of the Shares deposited as of the expiration of the Offering Period no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day following the expiration of the
Offering Period, and such securities will be immediately accepted and promptly purchased. All Offer Conditions must be satisfied or waived prior to the commencement of any Subsequent Offering Period. 

    Merger
Sub confirms that if it makes a material change in the terms of the Offer or the information concerning the Offer, or if it waives a material condition of the Offer, Merger Sub
will extend the Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act. 

    If,
during the Offering Period, Merger Sub, with the written consent of the Company, shall decrease the number of Shares sought pursuant to the Offer or the Offer Price, such decrease
shall be applicable to all holders whose Shares are accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer and, if at the time notice of any decrease is first published, sent or given to holders of such Shares,
the Offer is scheduled to expire at any time earlier than the tenth business day from and including the date that such notice is first so published, sent or given, the Offer will be extended until the
expiration of such ten-business day period. 

    In
the event that Merger Sub waives any condition set forth in Section 13, the SEC may, if the waiver is deemed to constitute a material change to the information previously
provided to the 

stockholders, require that the Offer remain open for an additional period of time and/or that Merger Sub disseminate information concerning such waiver. 

    The
Company has provided Merger Sub with the Company's stockholder lists and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of the Shares. This Offer
to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other relevant materials will be mailed by Merger Sub to record holders of the Shares and will be furnished by Merger Sub to brokers, dealers, banks,
trust companies and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the stockholder lists or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security
position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of the Shares. 

2. Acceptance for Payment and Payment for the Shares.  

    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including the Offer Conditions and, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of
any such extension or amendment), Merger Sub will accept for payment, and will pay for, all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn promptly after the expiration of the Offering Period. If there is
a Subsequent Offering Period, all Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period will be immediately accepted for payment and purchased as they are tendered. 

    For
purposes of the Offer, Merger Sub will be deemed to have accepted for payment Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn as, if and when Merger Sub gives oral or written notice to
the Depositary of its acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to the Offer. Payment for any Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price
therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for the tendering stockholders for the purpose of receiving payments from Merger Sub and transmitting such payments to the tendering stockholders.
In all cases, payment for any Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates for such Shares (or a timely
Book-Entry Confirmation (as
defined below) with respect thereto), (ii) the Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or,
in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined below) and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, payment may be made to
tendering stockholders at different times if delivery of the certificates or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares and other required documents occur at different times. The price paid to
any holder of the Shares pursuant to the Offer will be the highest price per Share paid to any other holder of Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

Under no circumstances will interest on the Offer Price for the Shares be paid, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such
payment.

    If
any tendered Shares are not accepted for payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Offer for any reason, or if certificates are submitted for more Shares than are
tendered, certificates for such unpurchased Shares will be returned, without expense to the tendering stockholder, or such other person as the tendering stockholder shall specify in the Letter of
Transmittal, as promptly as practicable following the expiration or termination of the Offer. In the case of any Shares delivered by book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined below) pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3, such Shares will be credited to such account maintained at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility as the tendering stockholder shall specify in the Letter of Transmittal, as promptly as practicable following the expiration or termination of the Offer. If no
such instructions are given with respect to any Shares delivered by book-entry transfer, any such Shares not tendered or not purchased will be returned by crediting the account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated in the Letter of Transmittal as the account from which such Shares were delivered. 

    Merger
Sub reserves the right to assign to any other wholly owned subsidiaries of Parent the right to purchase all or any portion of the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but any
such assignment 

will not relieve Merger Sub of its obligations under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the rights of tendering stockholders to receive payment for any Shares validly tendered and accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer. 

3. Procedure for Tendering Shares.  

    Valid Tender.
  To tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, either (1) a Letter of Transmittal
(or a manually signed facsimile thereof) properly completed and duly executed in accordance with the instructions of the Letter of Transmittal, together with any required signature guarantees and
certificates for the
Shares to be tendered, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message, and any other required documents must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date at one
of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase or (2) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below. 

    Book-Entry Delivery.
  The Depositary will establish accounts with respect to the
Shares at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility") for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial
institution that is a participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's systems may make book-entry transfer of the Shares by causing the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's account in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures for such transfer. However, although delivery of the Shares
may be effected through book-entry transfer, either the Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required
signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal, and any other required documents, must, in any case, be transmitted to and received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase by the Expiration Date, or the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described below. The
confirmation of a book-entry transfer of the Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as described above is referred to herein as a
"Book-Entry Confirmation." The term "Agent's Message" means a message transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of
a Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility tendering the Shares which are the subject of such Book-Entry Confirmation that such participant has received and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and
that Merger Sub may enforce such agreement against the participant. 
Delivery of documents to a Book-Entry Transfer Facility in accordance with the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

The method of delivery of any Shares, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility, is at the election and risk of the tendering stockholder. Shares will be deemed delivered only when actually received by the Depositary (including, in the case of a
Book-Entry transfer, receipt of a Book-Entry Confirmation). If delivery is by mail, it is requested that the stockholder use properly insured registered mail with return
receipt requested. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

    Signature Guarantees.
  Except as otherwise provided below, all signatures on a Letter of
Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents
Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or by any other "eligible guarantor institution," as such term is defined
in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act (each, an "Eligible Institution"). Signatures on a Letter of Transmittal need not be guaranteed (a) if the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder (which term, for purposes of this section, includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's systems whose name appears on a security position listing as the
owner of the Shares) of the Shares 

tendered therewith and such registered holder has not completed the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" on the Letter of Transmittal or
(b) if such Shares are tendered for the account of an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal. If the certificates for any Shares are registered in the name
of a person other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made or certificates for any Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be returned to a person other
than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered, then the tendered certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or
names of the registered holder or holders appear on the certificates, with the signatures on the certificates or stock powers guaranteed as described above. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of
Transmittal. 

Guaranteed Delivery
. A stockholder who desires to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer and whose certificates for any Shares are not
immediately available or who cannot comply with the procedure for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, or who cannot deliver all required documents to the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date may tender such Shares by following all of the procedures set forth below: 

(1)
such
tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

(2)
a
properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by Merger Sub, is received by the Depositary, as provided below, prior to
the Expiration Date; and

(3)
the
certificates for all tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer (or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to all such Shares), together with a properly completed
and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message in
lieu of the Letter of Transmittal), and any other required documents, are received by the Depositary within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 

    The
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand to the Depositary or transmitted by telegram, telex, facsimile transmission, mail or a nationally recognized overnight
courier to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 

    Other Requirements.
  Notwithstanding any other provision of this document, payment for the
Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of the instruments and documents referred to in Section 2. 

    Tender Constitutes an Agreement.
  The valid tender of any Shares pursuant to one of the
procedures described above will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering stockholder and Merger Sub upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

    Appointment.
  By executing a Letter of Transmittal as set forth above, the tendering stockholder
will irrevocably appoint designees of Merger Sub as such stockholder's attorneys-in-fact and proxies in the manner set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, each with full power
of substitution, to the full extent of such stockholder's rights with respect to the Shares tendered by such stockholder and accepted for payment by Merger Sub and with respect to any and all
non-cash dividends, distributions, rights, and other shares of Common Stock or other securities issued or issuable in respect of such Shares on or after January 6, 2002
(collectively, "Distributions"). All such proxies will be considered coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares. Such appointment will be effective when, and only to the extent that, Merger Sub
deposits the payment for such Shares with the Depositary. All such powers of attorney and proxies will be irrevocable and will be deemed granted in consideration of the acceptance for payment by
Merger Sub of the Shares tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Upon the effectiveness of such appointment, all prior powers of attorney, proxies and consents given by such 

stockholder will be revoked, and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies and consents may be given (and, if given, will not be deemed effective). Merger Sub's designees will be empowered to exercise
all voting and other rights of such stockholder with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions) as they, in their sole discretion, may deem proper at any annual, special or adjourned
meeting of the stockholders of the Company, actions by written consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise. Merger Sub reserves the right to require that, in order for any Shares to be deemed
validly tendered, immediately upon Merger Sub's depositing the payment for such Shares with the Depositary, Merger Sub must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect to
such Shares (and any and all Distributions). 

    Determination of Validity.
  All questions as to the validity, form, eligibility (including time
of receipt) and acceptance of any tender of the Shares will be determined by Merger Sub in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. Merger Sub reserves the absolute right to
reject any and all tenders determined by it not to be in proper form or the acceptance for payment of or payment for which may, in the opinion of Merger Sub's counsel, be unlawful. Merger Sub also
reserves the absolute right to waive any defect or irregularity in the tender of any Shares of any particular stockholder whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in the case of
other stockholders. No tender of any Shares will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects and irregularities relating thereto have been cured or waived. None of Parent, Merger Sub, the
Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any liability for failure to give any such
notification. Merger Sub's interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and Instructions thereto) will be final and binding. 

    Backup Withholding.
  In order to avoid "backup withholding" of Federal income tax on payments of
cash pursuant to the Offer, a stockholder surrendering Shares in the Offer must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such stockholder's correct taxpayer identification number
("TIN") on a Substitute Form W-9 and certify under penalties of perjury that such TIN is correct and that such stockholder is not subject to backup withholding. If a stockholder
does not provide such stockholder's correct TIN or fails to provide the certifications described above, the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") may impose a penalty on such stockholder and payment of
cash to such stockholder pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup withholding of 30%. All stockholders other than non-corporate foreign stockholders surrendering Shares pursuant to
the Offer should complete and sign the main signature form and the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the Letter of Transmittal to provide the information and certification
necessary to avoid backup withholding (unless an applicable exemption exists and is proved in a manner satisfactory to Merger Sub and the Depositary). Certain stockholders (including, among others,
all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding. Non-corporate foreign stockholders should complete and sign the main signature form
and the appropriate Form W-8. If you are a non-corporate foreign stockholder, please consult your tax advisor or see IRS Publication 515, Withholding of Tax on
Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations, for more information about the appropriate Form W-8 to file in your particular circumstances and a list of the W-8 forms.
See Instruction 8 to the Letter of Transmittal. 

4. Rights of Withdrawal.  

    Tenders of the Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable except that Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time prior to the
expiration of the Offering Period and, unless theretofore accepted for payment by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after March 14, 2002. There will be no
withdrawal rights during any Subsequent Offering Period for any Shares tendered during any Subsequent Offering Period. 

    For
a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic, telex or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set
forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Any such notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person having tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of the Shares to be
withdrawn and the names in which the certificate(s) evidencing the Shares to be withdrawn are registered, if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares. The signature(s) on the notice
of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution, unless such Shares have been tendered for the account of an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedures
for book-entry transfer as set forth in Section 3, any notice of withdrawal must specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be
credited with the withdrawn Shares. If certificates for the Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, the name of the registered holder and the serial
numbers of the particular certificates evidencing the Shares to be withdrawn must also be furnished to the Depositary as aforesaid prior to the physical release of such certificates. All questions as
to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be determined by Merger Sub, in its sole discretion, which determination shall be final and binding. None of
Parent, Merger Sub, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any
liability for failure to give such notification. Withdrawals of tendered Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will be deemed not to have been validly tendered for purposes of
the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by following one of the procedures described in Section 3 at any time prior to the Expiration Date. 

    If
Merger Sub extends the Offer, is delayed in its acceptance for payment of any Shares, or is unable to accept for payment any Shares pursuant to the Offer, for any reason, then,
without prejudice to Merger Sub's rights under this Offer, the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of Merger Sub, retain tendered Shares, but such Shares may be withdrawn to the extent that
tendering stockholders are entitled to withdrawal rights as set forth in this Section 4. 

5. Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer.  

    Sales of the Shares pursuant to the Offer and the exchange of the Shares for cash pursuant to the Merger will be taxable transactions for U.S. Federal income
tax purposes and may also be taxable under applicable state, local and other tax laws. For U.S. Federal income tax purposes, a stockholder whose Shares are purchased pursuant to the Offer or who
receives cash as a result of the Merger will generally recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the adjusted basis of the Shares sold or exchanged and the amount of cash received
therefor. Any such recognized gain or loss will be capital gain or loss if the Shares are held as capital assets by the stockholder, and will be long term capital gain or loss if the shareholder has
held the Shares for more than one year. Long-term capital gain of a non-corporate stockholder is generally subject to a maximum U.S. Federal income tax rate of 20%. 

The income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and may not be applicable to stockholders in special situations such as
stockholders who received their Shares upon the exercise of stock options or otherwise as compensation, stockholders who are traders in securities that elect to use a
mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities holdings and stockholders who are not United States persons. Stockholders should consult their own tax advisors with
respect to the specific tax consequences to them of the Offer and the Merger, including the application and effect of federal, state, local, foreign or other tax laws.

6. Price Range of the Shares.  

    The Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol "MATX." The following table sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low
prices for the Shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market based on public sources: 

High

Low

Calendar Year

2000:

First Quarter

$

22.06

$

4.31

Second Quarter

14.94

6.75

Third Quarter

17.94

11.75

Fourth Quarter

17.25

13.25

2001:

First Quarter

17.38

6.00

Second Quarter

11.75

7.44

Third Quarter

11.30

0.56

Fourth Quarter

1.71

0.42

2002:

First Quarter (through January 11, 2002)

2.60

1.66

    On
January 4, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement of the terms of the Offer and the Merger, the reported closing price of the Shares was $2.59 per
Share. On January 11, 2002, the last full trading day prior to commencement of the Offer, the reported closing price of the Shares was $2.18 per Share. The Company has never paid any dividends. 

Stockholders are urged to
obtain a current market quotation for the Shares.

7. Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock Quotation, Margin Regulations and Exchange Act Registration.  

    Market for the Shares.
  The purchase of any Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer will
reduce the number of the Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and may reduce the number of holders of the Shares, which could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining
Shares held by the public. 

    Stock Quotation.
  The Shares are quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market. According to published
guidelines of the Nasdaq Stock Market, the Shares would no longer be quoted on the Nasdaq National Market if, among other things, the number of publicly held Shares (excluding Shares held directly or
indirectly by officers, directors and any person who is a beneficial owner of more than 10% of the Shares) were less than 500,000, the aggregate market value of publicly held Shares were less than
$1,000,000 or there were fewer than 300 holders of the Shares in round lots. If these standards were not met, quotations might continue to be published in the over-the-counter
"additional list" or one of the "local lists" unless, as set forth in published guidelines of the Nasdaq Stock Market, the number of publicly held Shares was less than 100,000, or there were fewer
than 300 holders in total. According to information furnished to Parent by the Company, as of the close of business on January 10, 2002, there were 313 holders of record of shares of Common
Stock not including beneficial holders of Common Stock held in street name, and there were 26,537,830 Shares outstanding. If the Common Stock were to cease to be quoted on the Stock National Market,
the associated Rights would be delisted as well. 

    If
the Shares were to cease to be quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market, the market for the Shares could be adversely affected. It is possible that the Shares would be traded or quoted on
other securities 

exchanges or in the over-the-counter market, and that price quotations would be reported by such exchanges, or other sources. The extent of the public market for the Shares and
the availability of such quotations would, however, depend upon the number of stockholders and/or the aggregate market value of the Shares remaining at such time the interest in maintaining a market
in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act and other factors. 

    Margin Regulations.
  The Shares are presently "margin securities" under the regulations of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board (the "Federal Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of such Shares.
Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and market quotations, the Shares might no longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the Federal Reserve
Board's margin
regulations in which event the Shares would be ineligible as collateral for margin loans made by brokers. 

    Exchange Act Registration.
  The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such
registration may be terminated by the Company upon application to the SEC if the outstanding Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange and if there are fewer than 300 holders of record
of such shares. Termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act would reduce the information required to be furnished by the Company to its stockholders and to the SEC and would make
certain provisions of the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) and the requirement to furnish a proxy statement in connection with stockholders'
meetings pursuant to Section 14(a) and the related requirement to furnish an annual report to stockholders, no longer applicable with respect to the Shares. Furthermore, the ability of
"affiliates" of the Company and persons holding "restricted securities" of the Company to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be
impaired or eliminated. If registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Shares would no longer be eligible for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market or for continued inclusion
on the Federal Reserve Board's list of "margin securities." Merger Sub intends to seek to cause the Company to apply for termination of registration of the Shares as soon as possible after
consummation of the Offer if the requirements for termination of registration are met. If registration of the Shares is not terminated prior to the Merger, then the registration of such Shares under
the Exchange Act and the listing of such Shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market will be terminated following the completion of the Merger. 

8. Certain Information Concerning the Company.  

    The Company was incorporated in California in February 1985 and reincorporated in Delaware in January 1992. The Company develops novel local and
systemic cancer treatments that may improve or extend the lives of people living with cancer. In the field of systemic cancer treatment, Matrix is developing tezacitabine (FMdC), a
next-generation nucleoside analogue for the treatment of solid tumors and hematologic malignancies. Matrix has also conducted studies of IntraDose, a novel drug system designed to provide
local control of solid tumors through direct injection while reducing the systemic side effects associated with intravenous chemotherapy. 

    Set
forth below is certain summary consolidated financial information for each of the Company's last three fiscal years for the period ended 2000 as contained in the Company's Annual
Report on Form 10-K (the "Form 10-K") as well as unaudited financial information for the period ended September 30, 2001, as contained in the Company's
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. More comprehensive financial information is included in such reports (including management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operation) and other documents filed by the Company with the SEC, and the following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to such reports and other documents and all of the
financial information and notes contained therein. Copies of such 

reports and other documents may be examined at or obtained from the SEC in the manner set forth below. 

MATRIX PHARMACEUTICAL, INC.
  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
  (In thousands, except per share data)    

Year Ended December 31,

Nine Months Ended

September 30, 2001

(unaudited)

Income Statement Data:

Revenues

$

1,488

$

1,539

$

$



Net income (loss)

(22,498

)

(23,321

)

(20,998

)

(21,349

)

Net income per common share:

Basic

(0.86

)

(0.97

)

(0.94

)

(0.97

)

Diluted

(0.86

)

(0.97

)

(0.94

)

(0.97

)

Balance Sheet Data (at period end):

Current assets

35,189

56,050

48,776

69,606

Total assets

46,309

67,833

61,195

83,731

Current liabilities

12,109

7,378

7,883

8,728

Total stockholders' equity

27,105

45,976

36,756

55,872

    Except
as otherwise set forth herein, the information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase has been taken from or based upon publicly available documents and
records on file with the SEC and other public sources and is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. Although Merger Sub, Parent have no knowledge that would indicate that any statements
contained herein based on such documents and records are untrue, Parent, Merger Sub cannot take responsibility for any failure by the Company to disclose events which may have occurred or may affect
the significance or accuracy of any such information but which are unknown to Parent or Merger Sub. 

    Available Information.
  The Company is subject to the information and reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith is obligated to file reports and other information with the SEC relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Information, as of
particular dates, concerning the Company's directors and officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to them, the principal holders of the Company's securities, any material interests of such
persons in transactions with the Company and other matters is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to the Company's stockholders and filed with the SEC. Such reports, proxy
statements and other information should be available for inspection at the public reference room at the SEC's offices at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20549 and also should be available
for inspection and copying at the regional offices of the SEC located in New York City and Citicorp Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60611. Copies may be obtained, by
mail, upon payment of the SEC's customary charges, by writing to its principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Judiciary Plaza, Washington, D.C. 20549 and can be obtained electronically on the SEC's
Website at http://www.sec.gov. 

9. Certain Information Concerning Parent and Merger Sub.  

    Parent is a Delaware corporation with principal executive offices located at 4560 Horton Street, Emeryville, California 94608. Its telephone number at that
address is (510) 655-8730. Parent was incorporated in California in 1981 and was merged into a Delaware corporation in November 1986. Parent is a biotechnology company that
participates in three global healthcare businesses: biopharmaceuticals, vaccines and blood testing. 

    Merger
Sub is a Delaware corporation and to date has engaged in no activities other than those incident to its formation and the commencement of the Offer. 

    Financial Information of Parent.
  Parent is subject to the information reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith Parent is obligated to file reports and other information with the SEC relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Information, as of
particular dates, concerning Parent's directors and officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to them, the principal holders of Parent's securities, any material interests of such persons in
transactions with Parent and other matters is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to Parent's stockholders and filed with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements and other
information are available from the SEC at the addresses and through the website described in Section 8. 

    Other Information Regarding Parent and Merger Sub.
  The name, citizenship, business address,
business telephone number, current principal occupation (including the name, principal business and address of the organization in which such occupation is conducted), and material positions held
during the past five years (including the name, principal business and address of the organization in which such occupation was conducted), of each of the directors and executive officers of Parent
and Merger Sub are set forth in Schedule A to this Offer to Purchase. 

    Neither
Parent nor Merger Sub, nor, to the best of their knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule A hereto nor any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of any of the
foregoing, beneficially owns or has a right to acquire any Shares or has engaged in any transactions in the Shares in the past 60 days. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub has purchased any Shares
during the past two years. 

    Except
as set forth in Section 10, there have been no negotiations, transactions or material contacts between Parent or Merger Sub, or, to the best of their knowledge, any of
the persons listed in Schedule A hereto, on the one hand, and the Company or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a
merger, consolidation or acquisition, a tender offer or other acquisition of securities, an election of directors, or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets. Except as described in
Section 10, neither Parent nor Merger Sub, nor, to the best of their knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule A hereto, had any transaction with the Company or any of its
executive officers, directors or affiliates that would require disclosure under the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable to the Offer. 

10. Background of the Offer; Contacts with the Company.  

    The Company filed its application for FDA approval of IntraDose on January 4, 2001. In the first quarter of 2001, the Company initiated discussions with
a select group of large biotechnology companies to explore a possible strategic transaction involving the Company in order to hedge potential risk involved with IntraDose's FDA application. These
discussions mainly focused on the commercial potential of IntraDose in the United States. One such company expressed an interest in acquiring the Company. However, after further discussion and due
diligence, that company decided not to pursue an acquisition because they decided that they could not tolerate any reasonable regulatory risks associated with the approval of IntraDose. In addition,
after preliminary due diligence, the other companies decided not to pursue further discussions. 

    On August 22, 2001, Ms. Lauren Miller of Parent contacted the Company expressing Parent's interest in licensing tezacitabine. The Company responded that its position on
licensing tezacitabine would greatly depend upon the outcome of the FDA's advisory committee meeting on IntraDose scheduled for September 10. 

    The
Company halted trading of its Common Stock on September 7 and 10 in anticipation of the FDA's decision on IntraDose. On September 10, 2001, the FDA's Oncology
Division Advisory Committee unanimously rejected the approval of IntraDose. The September 11 terrorist attack resulted in the closing of the stock exchanges for four trading days. When the
NASDAQ National Market re-opened for trading on September 17, the price of the Common Stock dramatically declined, trading below $0.50 per share. 

    Following
the price drop of the Common Stock, the Company contacted several other biotechnology companies in late September and early October to explore the possibility of licensing
tezacitabine or other strategic transactions with the Company. On September 28, representatives of Parent met with Mr. Casey and Ms. Fritzky to discuss a possible transaction.
Four additional companies expressed interest and met with representatives of the Company. 

    Over
several Company Board meetings that culminated in the November 1 meeting, the Company Board concluded that the best option for the Company and its stockholders would be to
explore the sale of the Company. The Company Board instructed the management of the Company to engage an investment bank to assist the Company in facilitating a possible transaction, and the
management then began discussions with several investment banks. 

    The
Company Board and management believed that a significant limitation on the selling price of the Company was the low trading price of the Shares, approximately $0.60 per share at
that time. An effort was then made to attract new equity investors to the Company in hopes of raising the Share price to increase the potential acquisition price. Through November and early December,
the Company initiated discussions with multiple equity investors about the possibility of purchasing Common Stock on the open market at the then current price level. 

    During
the same time period, the Company attempted to move discussions with the potential licensees of tezacitabine towards an acquisition of the Company or an all cash transaction
for tezacitabine. In addition, the Company re-initiated discussions with the large biotechnology companies with whom it had previously initiated discussions in the first quarter of 2001.
The Company also discussed the possibility of an all-stock acquisition transaction with a new party. 

    On
October 3, the Company entered into a confidentiality agreement with Parent. On October 19, the Company met with representatives of Parent to discuss and review
tezacitabine. Parent's due diligence with respect to the Company and its business began on October 26 and continued through November and December. 

    On
December 7, 2001, the Parent Board of Directors approved the acquisition of the Company by Parent, subject to final approval by a pricing committee established by the Parent
Board of Directors of the purchase price to be paid for the Company, and authorized management of Parent to negotiate the terms and conditions of the acquisition. 

    On
December 10, management updated the Company Board on the status of various discussions with potential acquirers. In addition, the Company Board approved management's
recommendation to engage Banc of America to act as financial advisor to the Company in connection with a potential transaction involving the Company. 

    On
December 12, the Company received an offer in writing from Parent pursuant to which Parent offered to acquire all outstanding capital stock of the Company on a fully diluted
basis for $49 million in cash at a meeting attended by Mr. Craig Wheeler, Ms. Joyce Lonergan, Ms. Jessica Hoover and 

other representatives of Parent. Mr. Casey, Mr. Pritchard, Ms. Fritzky and representatives from Banc of America and the Company's legal counsel were also present at the meeting. 

    The
Common Stock had risen to $1.41 per share by this date. After the receipt of Parent's offer, the Company then solicited competing bids from other potential acquirers and received
an oral indication of interest from one such company for over $50 million for tezacitabine. In addition, during the week of December 17, Banc of America began to contact new prospective
purchasers to determine their interest in a possible transaction. 

    On
December 17, management discussed these offers with the Company Board. On December 18, Mr. Pritchard and Ms. Fritzky met with representatives of Parent
and communicated that the Company Board believed that Parent's offer was inadequate. Between December 18 and December 21, the parties continued to negotiate the purchase price for the
Company. 

    On
December 21, Mr. Wheeler telephoned Mr. Casey and indicated that Parent would be willing to offer $61 million for the Company. The next day, the Company
received from Parent a draft of the Merger Agreement. On December 26, the Company provided Parent with its initial comments to the Merger Agreement. 

    Representatives
of Parent and the Company then worked through the end of December into early January to reach a definitive agreement. Through this period, the other prospective
acquirers declined interest in the Company at the levels discussed by Parent and the Company. By the evening of January 5, the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement were substantially
final. 

    On
January 6, 2002, at a special meeting of the Company Board, management reported on the status of negotiations with respect to the proposed Offer and Merger and other
matters. Representatives of Pillsbury Winthrop LLP reviewed the proposed terms of the draft Merger Agreement with the Company Board. Banc of America reviewed its financial analysis with respect to the
proposed Offer and Merger and delivered an oral opinion to the Company Board, subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of January 6, 2002 and subject to and based upon the considerations in
its opinion, the cash consideration to be received by the Company's stockholders pursuant to the Offer and the Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such stockholders as of such date.
After consideration of these presentations and its prior deliberations, the Company Board unanimously approved the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement, authorized management to complete and
execute the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein and recommended that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares in the Offer. In addition, the pricing
committee of the Parent Board of Directors approved the purchase price of $61 million for the Company on January 6, 2002. On January 6, 2002, the Company and Parent executed the
Merger Agreement and on the morning of January 7, the Company and Parent publicly announced the transaction. 

11. Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the Company; the Merger.  

    Purpose.
  The purpose of the Offer and the Merger is to enable Parent indirectly to acquire
control of, and the entire equity interest in, the Company. The Offer is being made pursuant to the Merger Agreement and is intended to increase the likelihood that the Merger will be effected. The
purpose of the Merger is to acquire all of the outstanding Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer. The Company will, as of the Effective Time (as defined herein), be a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent. 

    If
Merger Sub acquires 90% or more of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer, it will have the votes necessary under Delaware law to approve the Merger without a meeting of the
Company's stockholders. Under the DGCL, if Merger Sub owns at least 90% of the outstanding Shares, the Merger may be effected without the vote of, or notice to, the Company's stockholders. Therefore,
if at 

least approximately 23,884,047 of the outstanding Shares are acquired pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, Merger Sub will be able to, and intends to, effect the Merger without a meeting of the
Company's stockholders. 

    The
DGCL requires that the adoption of any plan of merger or consolidation of the Company must be approved by the holders of a majority of the Company's outstanding Shares if the
"short form" merger procedure described above is not available. In such case, under the DGCL, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares (including any shares owned by
Merger Sub) is required to approve the Merger. If Merger Sub acquires, through the Offer or otherwise, voting power with respect to at least a majority of the outstanding Shares (which would be the
case if the Minimum Condition were satisfied and Merger Sub were to accept for payment, and pay for, Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer), it would have sufficient voting power to effect the Merger
regardless of the vote of any other stockholder of the Company. 

    Plans for the Company.
  Upon consummation of the Merger, Parent intends to close or otherwise
dispose of the Company's San Diego and Fremont facilities (unless otherwise sold by the Company prior to the Merger). Parent currently expects to offer only a small number of employees of the Company
permanent positions with Parent to support development of tezacitabine, although it will offer other employees opportunities to apply for open positions with Parent. Parent expects to seek a strategic
partner for the Company's IntraDose product. Otherwise, except as disclosed elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase, neither Parent nor Merger Sub has any present plans or proposals that would result in
an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or sale or transfer of a material amount of assets, involving the Company or its subsidiary, or any material
changes in the Company's capitalization, corporate structure, business or composition of its management or the Company Board. Parent will continue to evaluate and review the Company and its business,
assets,
corporate structure, capitalization, operations, properties, policies, management and personnel with a view towards determining how to optimally realize any potential benefits which arise from the
relationship of the operations of the Company with those of Parent. Other than as described above, such evaluation and review is ongoing and is not expected to be completed until after the
consummation of the Offer and the Merger. If, as and to the extent that Parent acquires control of the Company, Parent will complete such evaluation and review of the Company and will determine what,
if any, additional changes would be desirable in light of the circumstances and the strategic opportunities which then exist. Such changes could include, among other things, restructuring the
remaining business, corporate structure, articles of incorporation, by-laws or capitalization of the Company. 

    Assuming
the Minimum Condition has been satisfied and Merger Sub purchases all Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, Merger Sub intends, subject to Rule 14f-1 of
the Exchange Act, promptly to exercise its rights under the Merger Agreement to obtain majority representation on, and control of, the Board of Directors of the Company. Under the Merger Agreement,
the Company has agreed that, promptly upon the purchase of and payment for Shares by Merger Sub or any of its affiliates pursuant to the Offer, Parent shall be entitled to designate such number of
directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Board of Directors of the Company as is equal to the product obtained by multiplying the total number of directors on such Board (giving effect
to the directors designated by Parent in accordance with this sentence) by the percentage that the number of Shares so purchased and paid for, plus any shares beneficially owned by Parent or its
affiliates on the date of such purchase and payment, bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding. Merger Sub presently intends to select such designees to the Board of Directors from among
individuals (who are currently officers or directors of Parent or its affiliates) identified in a list that Parent had provided to the Company and that the Company has included in its
Schedule 14D-9. The Merger Agreement also provides that the directors of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Company after the
consummation of the Merger at and after the Effective Time. Merger Sub or an affiliate of Merger Sub may, following the consummation or termination of the 

Offer, seek to acquire additional Shares through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, a tender offer or exchange offer or otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as it shall
determine, which may be more or less than the price paid in the Offer. The Company's Board of Directors has approved the Merger Agreement and Merger Sub's acquisition of the Shares pursuant to the
Offer and, therefore, Section 203 of the DGCL is inapplicable. Merger Sub and its affiliates also reserve the right to dispose of any or all Shares acquired by them, subject to the terms of the
Merger Agreement. 

The Merger Agreement.
  The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Merger Agreement. This summary is not a
complete description of the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement which is filed with the SEC as an
exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by Parent and Merger Sub (the "Schedule TO") and is incorporated herein by reference. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined below shall
have the meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement. The Schedule TO may be obtained from Parent at the address set forth in Section 9 or from the SEC as set forth in Section 8. The
Merger Agreement may be obtained from Parent at such address, or from the Company as set forth in Section 8.

    The Offer.
  The Merger Agreement provides that Merger Sub will commence the Offer and that upon the terms and subject to
prior satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted to be waived) of the conditions of the Offer, promptly after expiration of the Offer, Merger Sub will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares
validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer that Merger Sub is permitted to accept and pay for under applicable law (such date of acceptance for payment, the "Acceptance Date").
Provisions of the Merger Agreement relating to the modification of the terms and conditions of the Offer are described in Section 13. 

    The Merger.
  The Merger Agreement provides that following the receipt of any required approval by the Company's
stockholders of the Merger Agreement and the satisfaction or waiver of certain other conditions, at the Effective Time Merger Sub will be merged into the Company. In the Merger, each issued and
outstanding Share (other than Shares held by Dissenting Stockholders and Shares that are owned by the Company (as treasury stock), Parent or any subsidiary of Parent (including Merger Sub) immediately
prior to the Effective Time) shall be converted into the right to receive from the Surviving Corporation in cash, without interest, the Offer Price. 

    Conditions to the Merger.
  The respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction
or waiver prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions: 

    (1)
Merger Sub shall have purchased Shares pursuant to the Offer, except that this condition shall not be a condition to Parent's and Merger Sub's obligation to effect the Merger if
Merger Sub shall have failed to purchase Shares pursuant to the Offer in breach of (or as a result of Parent's breach of) the Merger Agreement; 

    (2)
the Merger Agreement and the Merger shall have been approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the stockholders of the Company, if required by the DGCL; 

    (3)
no judgment, injunction, order or decree of a court or any governmental or regulatory authority, agency, commission or other entity, domestic or foreign of competent jurisdiction
shall be in effect which has the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger; 
provided
, 

however
, that no party may rely on this condition if it is in breach of its covenant to use all commercially reasonable efforts to consummate and make
effective the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and such breach has, directly or indirectly, resulted in such judgment, injunction, order or decree being in effect; and 

    (4) any
waiting period applicable to consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act and any foreign antitrust laws shall have expired or been terminated and all approvals
required under any 

applicable foreign antitrust laws before consummation of the Merger shall have been obtained, except in the case for such waiting periods (other than the HSR Act) or approvals the failure of which to
expire or be obtained is not reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or a Company Material Adverse Effect or to provide a reasonable basis to conclude that the parties to the Merger
Agreement or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, advisors or other representatives would be subject to the risk of criminal liability. "Parent Material Adverse Effect" means any
material adverse effect on the financial condition, properties, business, prospects or results of operation of the Parent and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. "Company Material Adverse Effect" means
(i) any change or event that has a material adverse effect on the financial condition, properties, business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiary taken as a whole which
could reasonably be expected to result in aggregate losses, damages, diminutions in value, judgments, orders, decrees, awards, penalties or fines of $6 million or more or (ii) any change
or event that, individually or in the aggregate, has a material adverse effect on the prospects of the business of the Company and its subsidiary related to its tezacitabine program. 

    Termination of the Merger Agreement.
  The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Offer and the Merger may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time (notwithstanding any approval of the Merger Agreement by the stockholders of the Company): 

    (1)
by mutual written consent of the Company and Parent; 

    (2)
by either Parent or the Company: 


if
Merger Sub shall not have accepted for payment any Shares pursuant to the Offer prior to the date that is twenty business days following
March 31, 2002 (the "Drop Dead Date"); 
provided
 that the right to terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to this paragraph shall not be
available to any party whose breach of the Merger Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of Shares to have been purchased pursuant to the Offer by the Drop Dead Date; or


if
any governmental entity shall have issued an order, injunction or other decree or ruling or taken any action permanently enjoining, restraining or
otherwise prohibiting the acceptance for payment of, or payment for the Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger and such order, injunction, decree or ruling or other action shall have become final
and nonappealable; 
provided
, that the party seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to the this paragraph shall have used its commercially
reasonable efforts to remove such order, decree, ruling or injunction and shall not be in violation of its covenant to use all commercially reasonable efforts to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; 

    (3)
prior to the Acceptance Date, by Parent if: 


the
Company shall have breached any of its representations, warranties or covenants in the Merger Agreement, which breach would give rise to the failure of
the applicable condition to the Offer set forth in numbered paragraph (3) or (4) in Section 13 of this document and which breach has not been or is not capable of being cured by the Company
prior to the Drop Dead Date;


the
Board of Directors of the Company shall have failed to recommend, or shall have withdrawn, adversely modified or adversely amended in any material
respect its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger or the Merger Agreement to the Company's stockholders or shall have failed to reconfirm its recommendation of the Merger Agreement
within five business days after a written request from Parent to do so; 
provided, however
, that, together with a statement that the Board of Directors
of the Company continues to recommend the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement, none of the following shall 

be
considered to be a withdrawal, adverse modification or adverse amendment in any material respect of such approval or recommendation or a failure to reconfirm its recommendation: 


the
fact that the Company or any other individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization
or other entity, or a governmental entity furnished confidential or nonpublic information to, or engaged in discussions or negotiations with, a third party in response to an unsolicited bona fide
written offer or proposal with respect to an Acquisition Transaction (as defined below);


the
disclosure of any competing proposal that is not being recommended by the Board of Directors of the Company; or


the
disclosure of any other facts or circumstances; 


the
Company shall have entered into a definitive agreement for a Superior Proposal (as defined below); 

    (4)
prior to the Acceptance Date, by the Company if: 


Parent
or Merger Sub shall have breached in any material respect any of its obligations to be performed by either of them under the Merger Agreement, or if
the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in the Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct, except for such failures to be true and correct that, individually and in
the aggregate, are not reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect;


(i) the
Company is not in material breach of its obligations under the Merger Agreement not to initiate, solicit, encourage or negotiate or provide
nonpublic or confidential information to facilitate an Acquisition Transaction, (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company authorizes the Company, subject to complying with the terms of the
Merger Agreement, to enter into a binding written agreement concerning a transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal and the Company gives Parent notice (which may be revoked by the Company by a
subsequent notice to that effect) in writing that it intends to enter into such an agreement, attaching the most current version of such agreement to such notice, (iii) Parent does not make,
within three business days of receipt of the Company's written notification of its intention to enter into a binding agreement for Superior Proposal, an offer that the Board of Directors of the
Company determines, in good faith after consultation with its financial advisors, is at least as favorable from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of the Company as the Superior Proposal
and (iv) the Company prior to or concurrently with such termination pays to Parent in immediately available funds the termination fee of $1,750,000 described below, and acknowledges in writing
to Parent its obligation to pay to Parent its reimbursable expenses as described below (the Company has agreed that it will not enter into a binding agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal until
at least the fourth business day after it has provided the notice (which has not been revoked) to Parent required by the Merger Agreement and to notify Parent promptly if its intention to enter into a
written agreement referred to in its notification shall change at any time after giving such notification); 

    (5)
by the Company if: 


as
the result of the failure to be satisfied of any of the conditions to the Offer, Parent or Merger Sub shall have terminated or withdrawn the Offer or
the Offer shall have expired without Merger Sub having purchased any Shares pursuant thereto; 
provided, however
, that the Company may not terminate the
Merger Agreement pursuant to the provisions 

described
in this paragraph if the failure of any such condition to be satisfied at the time of such termination results from: 


the
Company's failure to perform any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement; or


facts
or circumstances that constitute a breach of any representation or warranty of the Company under the Merger Agreement;


Parent
or Merger Sub shall have failed to commence the Offer in accordance with the Merger Agreement; 
provided,
however
, that the Company may not terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to the provisions described in this bullet point if such failure to have commenced the Offer shall
have been caused by:


the
Company's failure to perform any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement;


facts
or circumstances that constitute a breach of any representation or warranty of the Company under the Merger Agreement; or


the
occurrence of any of the events specified in clause (2), (3) or (4) in Section 13 of this document; or 

    (6)
by the Parent if: 


the
Offer shall have expired without Merger Sub having purchased any Shares pursuant thereto; 
provided,
however
, that Parent may not terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to the provisions described in this paragraph if:


Merger
Sub has failed to extend the Offer at any time that it is required to do so under the Merger Agreement; or


the
failure of any conditions to the Offer to be satisfied at the time of such termination results from:


Parent's
failure to perform any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement; or


facts
or circumstances that constitute a breach of any representation or warranty of Parent under the Merger Agreement. 

    Effect of Termination.
  In the event of termination of the Merger Agreement by either Parent or the Company, the Merger
Agreement shall become void and there shall be no liability or further obligation on the part of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or their respective officers or directors except for
certain specified provisions of the Merger Agreement which would survive the termination including those described below. 

    Fees and Expenses.
  The Company will be required to pay the Parent a termination fee of $1,750,000 if the Merger
Agreement is terminated: 

    (1)
by the Company pursuant to the provision of the Merger Agreement described in the first bullet point of clause (5) of "Termination of the Merger Agreement" above (relating
to Parent's or Merger Sub's termination or withdrawing the Offer) or by Parent pursuant to the section of the Merger Agreement described in clause (6) of "Termination of the Merger Agreement"
above (relating to the expiration of the Offer without Merger Sub having purchased any Shares pursuant thereto), and prior to any such termination: 


an
Acquisition Proposal shall have been made to the Company or its subsidiary or any of the Company's stockholders and shall have been announced publicly;
or 


any
person shall have publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make an Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company or its
subsidiary; or 

    (2)
by Parent pursuant to the provision of the Merger Agreement described in the second bullet point of clause (3) of "Termination of the Merger Agreement" above (relating to
the withdrawal or modification of the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company); 

and,
in each case, within 12 months after any such termination the Company enters into a definitive agreement (which is reasonably capable of being consummated within 18 months of such
termination) with respect to or consummates a transaction contemplated by such Acquisition Proposal. 

    The
Company is also required to pay Parent the $1,750,000 termination fee in the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated by: 

    (1)
the Company pursuant to the provision of the Merger Agreement described in the second bullet point of clause (4) of "Termination of the Merger Agreement" above (relating to
the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing the Company to enter into a binding written agreement concerning a Superior Proposal); or 

    (2)
Parent because the Company has entered into a definitive agreement for a Superior Proposal. 

    In
each of the cases where the Company is required to pay the termination fee, the Company shall pay all of the reasonable, documented charges and expenses, including those of the
paying agent, incurred by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement up to a maximum amount of $500,000. 

    Acquisition Proposals.
  The Company has agreed that prior to the Effective Time or earlier termination of the Merger
Agreement, the Company shall not and shall not permit its subsidiary to, and the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause any officer, director or employee, of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, and any attorney, accountant, investment banker, financial advisor or other agent retained by it or any of its subsidiaries, not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit, encourage
or negotiate or provide nonpublic or confidential information to facilitate, any proposal or offer (other than any proposal or offer by Parent or any of its subsidiaries) to acquire all or 15% or more
of the
business, properties or capital stock of the Company or its Subsidiary, whether by merger, purchase of assets, tender offer or otherwise, whether for cash, securities or any other consideration or
combination thereof (an "Acquisition Transaction"). 

    Notwithstanding
this restriction, prior to the Effective Time, the Company may in response to an unsolicited bona fide written offer or proposal with respect to a potential or
proposed Acquisition Transaction (an "Acquisition Proposal") from a corporation, partnership, person or other entity or group (a "Potential Acquiror") which the Company's Board of Directors
determines, in good faith and after consultation with its independent financial advisor and legal counsel, could reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal, furnish confidential or
nonpublic information to, and engage in discussions and negotiate with, such potential acquiror, 
provided
 that the Company's Board of Directors
determines in good faith after consultation with outside legal counsel that such action is necessary in order for its directors to comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable law. 

    Under
the Merger Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means an Acquisition Proposal which the Company's Board of Directors determines, in good faith and after consultation with its
independent financial advisor and legal counsel, would, if consummated, likely provide consideration to the holders of Shares with greater financial value than the consideration payable in the Offer
and the Merger. 

    The
Company agreed that it would immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted prior to the date of the
Merger Agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. 

    The Company is required promptly to notify Parent after receipt of any Acquisition Proposal, and such notice must indicate in reasonable detail the identity of the offeror and the
material terms and conditions of such proposal. The Company must thereafter keep Parent informed, on a reasonably current basis, on the status and terms of any such Acquisition Proposal and the status
or any discussion or negotiations with any potential acquiror related thereto. 

    Prior
to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Company may withdraw or modify the recommendation by the Board of Directors of the Company of the Merger Agreement, the
Offer or the Merger, if the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith, after consultation with outside counsel, that its fiduciary obligations require it to do so. 

    The
Merger Agreement specifically allows the Board of Directors of the Company to take and disclose to the Company's stockholders a position contemplated by
Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 under the Exchange Act with respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party and to make such disclosure to the
Company's stockholders as, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, with the advice of outside counsel, is required under applicable law. 

    Covenants, Representations and Warranties.
  The Merger Agreement also contains certain other restrictions as to the
conduct of business by the Company pending the Merger, including, among other things, covenants restricting the Company's ability to take actions that would change or affect the capital structure of
the Company, as well as representations and warranties of each of the parties customary in transactions of this kind. 

    Amendment of the Merger Agreement.
  The Merger Agreement may be amended by Parent, Merger Sub and the Company by action
taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors at any time before or after the Company stockholders approve the Offer; 
provided
 that after
the Acceptance Date no amendment may be made which decreases the Offer Price and any amendment will require the concurrence of a majority of the directors of the Company then in office who neither
were designated by Parent nor are employees of the Company. In the event that, following the Acceptance Date, the Company is required to obtain the consent of the stockholders to the Merger, after the
approval of the Company stockholders has been obtained, no amendment may be made that by law requires the further approval of the Company stockholders without the further approval of such
stockholders. 

    Treatment of Options and Warrants.
  At the Effective Time, each holder of options to purchase shares of the Company's
common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be entitled to receive, in full satisfaction of each such option, cash in an amount equal to the product of
(A) the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the exercise price per share thereof and (B) the number of shares of the Company's common stock subject to such option and (ii) in
accordance with the terms of the Company's stock option plans and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, each option not eligible for the payment under clause (i) above shall be
cancelled and shall become null and void. 

    The
Company shall make the payment to holders of options as soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective Time, but in no event later than five business days following the
Effective Time. 

    Indemnification of Officers and Directors.
  From and after the Acceptance Date, each of Parent and the Company and, from
and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present and former officers, directors and
employees of the Company against all losses, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses of investigation or litigation, including on appeal), claims, damages or liabilities
arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and shall also advance expenses as incurred, provided that the person to whom expenses are advanced provides, if
requested, the undertaking to repay such advances under the circumstances contemplated by the 

DGCL, all as required or permitted pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, DGCL or indemnification agreements, as in effect as of the date hereof. 

    For
a period of five years after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained by
the Company and its Subsidiary (
provided
 that Parent may substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and
conditions that are no less advantageous to the Indemnified Parties, and which coverages and amounts shall be no less than the coverages and amounts provided at that time for Parent's directors and
officers) with respect to matters arising on or before the Effective Time; 
provided, however
, that if the existing current policies expire, are
terminated or cancelled during such five-year period, Parent will use its reasonable efforts to obtain as much coverage as can be obtained for the remainder of such period for a premium
not in excess (on an annualized basis) of two times the premiums paid by the Company as of the date of this Agreement. 

    Treatment of Employee Benefits.
  In the Merger Agreement, Parent has acknowledged that the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement shall constitute a "change of control" under the Company's employee benefit plans, as applicable. 

    Composition of the Board of Directors.
  The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time will be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may
be. 

    Confidentiality Agreement.
  On October 3, 2001, the Company and Parent entered into a
confidentiality agreement (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company and Parent agreed to furnish to the other party on a confidential basis certain information concerning their
respective businesses in connection with the evaluation of a possible transaction between Parent and the Company. The Confidentiality Agreement also contains customary standstill provisions. The
foregoing summary of the Confidentiality Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Confidentiality Agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the Schedule TO and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

    Appraisal Rights.
  Holders of the Shares do not have appraisal rights as a result of the Offer.
However, if the Merger is consummated, each holder of the Shares who properly demands and perfects appraisal rights and who has neither voted in favor of the Merger nor consented thereto in writing
will be entitled to an appraisal by the Delaware Court of Chancery of the fair value of his Shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger,
together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid. In determining such fair value, the Court may consider all relevant factors. The value so determined could be more or less than the
consideration to be paid in the Offer and the Merger. Any judicial determination of the fair value could be based upon considerations other than or in addition to the market value of the Shares,
including, among other things, asset values and earning capacity. 

    If
any holder of the Shares who demands appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL fails to perfect, or effectively withdraws or loses his right to appraisal as provided in the
DGCL, the Shares of such stockholder will be converted into the Offer Price in accordance with the Merger Agreement. A stockholder may withdraw his demand for appraisal by delivery to Parent of a
written withdrawal of his demand for appraisal and acceptance of the Merger. 

    The
foregoing discussion is not a complete statement of law pertaining to appraisal rights under the DGCL and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of Section 262 of
the DGCL. 

Failure to follow the steps required by Section 262 of the DGCL for perfecting appraisal rights may result in the loss of such
rights.

    Rule 13e-3.
  The Merger would have to comply with any applicable Federal law
operative at the time of its consummation. Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act is applicable to certain "going private" transactions. Merger Sub does not believe that
Rule 13e-3 will be applicable to the Merger unless the Merger is consummated more than one year after the Acceptance Date. If applicable, Rule 13e-3 would
require, among other things, that certain financial information concerning the Company and certain information relating to the fairness of the Merger and the consideration offered to minority
stockholders be filed with the SEC and disclosed to minority stockholders prior to consummation of the Merger. 

    The
Rights presently are transferable only with the certificates for the Shares and the surrender for transfer of certificates for any Shares will also constitute the transfer of the
Rights associated with the Shares represented by such certificates. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company's Board of Directors amended the Rights Agreement to provide that, for so
long as the Merger Agreement is in full force and effect, (i) none of Parent and its subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) shall become an "Acquiring Person" (as defined in the Rights Agreement)
and no "Stock Acquisition Date" (as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall occur as a result of the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement and the consummation or the Offer of the
Merger, (ii) no "Distribution Date" (as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall occur as a result of the announcement of or the execution of the Merger Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated thereby and (iii) each of Parent and Merger Sub will not be an "Acquiring Person" as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

12. Source and Amount of Funds.  

    Merger Sub estimates that the total amount of funds required to purchase all of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger and to pay related
fees and expenses will be approximately $61 million. Parent will finance the Offer and the Merger with existing cash. As Parent has immediate access to such cash, Parent does not have, and does
not believe that it needs, an alternative financing plan. 

13. Certain Conditions of the Offer.  

    Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Agreement, Merger Sub is not required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and
regulations of the SEC (including the rules relating to Merger Sub's obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer), to pay for any Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer, unless: 


the
Minimum Condition has been satisfied; 

the
HSR Condition has been satisfied; and 

the
Foreign Antitrust Condition has been satisfied. 

    Furthermore,
notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub is not required to accept for payment or to pay for any Company Common Stock not
previously accepted for payment or paid for, if, immediately prior to the acceptance for payment of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, any of the following conditions exists, which, in the reasonable
judgment of Merger Sub or Parent and regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition, makes it inadvisable to proceed with the Offer and/or with such acceptance for payment or
payment: 

    (1)
there shall have been entered, enforced or issued by any governmental entity, any judgment, order, injunction or decree which: 


makes
illegal, restrains or prohibits the making of the Offer, the acceptance for payment of, or payment for, the Shares by Parent or Merger Sub, or the
consummation of the Merger; or 


prohibits
the ownership or operation by Parent or any of its subsidiaries of the Company; 

provided
, in each case, that Parent has complied with its covenants to use all commercially reasonable efforts to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; 

    (2)
there shall have been any statute, rule, regulation, legislation or interpretation enacted, enforced, promulgated, amended or issued by any governmental entity or deemed by any
governmental entity applicable to Parent, the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of Parent or the Company or any transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement, other than the HSR Act and
foreign antitrust and competition laws which would reasonably be expected to result, directly or indirectly, in any of the consequences referred to in the definition of the Foreign Antitrust Condition
in the section of this document entitled "Introduction"; 

    (3)
the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Merger Agreement (which are qualified by "Company Material Adverse Effect") shall not be true and correct as of
such time as though made on and as of such time; and the representations and warranties of the Company in the Merger Agreement (other than representations and warranties qualified by "Company Material
Adverse Effect") shall not be true and correct as of such time, as though made on and as of such time where the failure or failures of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct
(i) results within the meaning of clause (i) of the definition thereof contained in Section 11 of this document or (ii) results or would reasonably be expected to result,
individually or in the aggregate, in a Company Material Adverse Effect within the meaning of clause (ii) of the definition thereof contained in Section 11 of this document; 

    (4)
the Company shall have failed to perform in any material respect any material obligation required to be performed by it at or prior to such time under the Merger Agreement; 

    (5)
the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms; or 

    (6)
the Company shall not have Cash (as defined below) at such time in the amount of at least (i) if such time occurs on or prior to February 28, 2002,
$18.4 million, (ii) if such time occurs on or after March 31, 2002, $17.3 million and (iii) if such time occurs at any time between those two dates,
$18.4 million minus the pro rata amount of the difference between $18.4 million and $17.3 million for the days elapsed. As used in the Merger Agreement, "Cash" means the cash,
cash equivalents and short term investments of the Company and its Subsidiary calculated in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles consistently applied, as adjusted by the following two sentences. Such amount shall be increased dollar-for-dollar to the extent of: 

    (1)
in the event that the sale of the Company's San Diego facility is not consummated on or prior to the Acceptance Date, any payments after the date of the Merger Agreement of
principal with respect to the indebtedness outstanding under the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 25, 1998, by and between the Company and ARE-4757 Nexus Centre, LLC,
but in no event more than $6,000,000; and 

    (2)
any payments after the date of the Merger Agreement of the remaining principal balance and interest thereon with respect to the indebtedness outstanding under the Credit
Agreement, dated as of October 8, 1997, by and between the Company and Imperial Bank in accordance with an agreed upon amortization schedule. 

    In
addition, such amount shall be reduced dollar-for-dollar to the extent of: 


any
net cash proceeds received from the sales or other dispositions of the Company's San Diego facility or its Fremont facility; 

any
cash received by the Company with respect to the exercise of any Company's outstanding options after the date of the Merger Agreement; 


any
amounts which have or will become due to Banc of America Securities LLC in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; 

any
amounts which have or will become due to the Company's outside legal counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;
and 

any
amounts which have or will become due under the Company's San Diego severance arrangements and any amounts which have or will become due under the
Company's Fremont retention arrangements, in each case in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

    The
foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Merger Sub and Parent and may be asserted by Merger Sub or Parent regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such condition or
may be waived by Merger Sub and Parent in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in their reasonable discretion. The failure by Parent, Merger Sub or any other affiliate of Parent at any
time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right; the waiver of any such right with respect to particular facts and circumstances shall not be deemed a
waiver with respect to any other facts and circumstances and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to time. 

    A
public announcement shall be made of a material change in, or waiver of, such conditions, and the Offer may, in certain circumstances, be extended in connection with any such change
or waiver. All Offer Conditions must be satisfied or waived prior to the commencement of any Subsequent Offering Period. 

14. Dividends and Distributions.  

    Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed that during the term of the Merger Agreement the Company may not declare, set aside or pay any
dividend or distribution with respect to the Shares payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, except for the payment of dividends by the Company's subsidiary to the Company. 

15. Certain Legal Matters.  

    General.
  Except as otherwise disclosed herein, based upon an examination of publicly available
filings with respect to the Company, Parent and Merger Sub are not aware of any licenses or other regulatory permits which appear to be material to the business of the Company and which might be
adversely affected by the acquisition of the Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer or of any approval or other action by any governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority which
would be required for the acquisition or ownership of the Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer. Should any such approval or other action be required, it is currently contemplated that such
approval or action would be sought or taken. There can be no assurance that any such approval or action, if needed, would be obtained or, if obtained, that it will be obtained without substantial
conditions or that adverse consequences might not result to the Company's or Parent's business or that certain parts of the Company's or Parent's business might not have to be disposed of in the event
that such approvals are not obtained or such other actions are not taken, any of which might enable Merger Sub to elect to terminate the Offer without the purchase of the Shares thereunder, if the
relevant conditions to termination are met. Merger Sub's obligation under the Offer to accept for payment and pay for the Shares is subject to the Offer Conditions certain conditions. See
Section 13. 

    United States Antitrust Compliance.
  Under the HSR Act and the rules that have been promulgated
thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), certain acquisition transactions may not be consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. The acquisition of the Shares by Merger Sub is subject to these requirements. See 

Section 2 of this Offer to Purchase as to the effect of the HSR Act on the timing of Merger Sub's obligation to accept Shares for payment. 

    Parent
intends to file a Notification and Report Form with respect to the acquisition of the Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger with the Antitrust Division and the FTC
promptly following the commencement of the Offer. Under the provisions of the HSR Act applicable to the purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, such purchases may not be made until the
expiration of a 15-calendar day waiting period following the filing by Parent, unless early termination of the waiting period is granted or Parent receives a request for additional
information or documentary material prior thereto. Pursuant to the HSR Act, Parent will request early termination of the waiting period applicable to the Offer. There can be no assurances given,
however, that the 15-day HSR Act waiting period will be terminated early. If either the FTC or the Antitrust Division were to request additional information or documentary material from
Parent, the waiting period would expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the tenth calendar day after the date of substantial compliance by Parent with such request unless the waiting
period is sooner terminated by the FTC or the Antitrust Division. Thereafter, the waiting period could be extended only by agreement or by court order. See Section 2. Only one extension of such
waiting period pursuant to a request for additional information is authorized by the rules promulgated under the HSR Act, except by agreement or by court order. Any such extension of the waiting
period will not give rise to any withdrawal rights not otherwise provided for by applicable law. See Section 4. 

    The
Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under the antitrust laws of transactions such as the proposed acquisition of the Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to
the Offer. At any time before or after Merger Sub's purchase of the Shares, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, including seeking to enjoin the acquisition of the Shares pursuant to the Offer or seeking divestiture of the Shares acquired by Merger Sub or the divestiture of substantial assets of
Parent, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries. Private parties (including individual States of the United States) may also bring legal action under the antitrust laws under certain
circumstances. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if a challenge is made, what the result will be. See Section 13 of this Offer to
Purchase for certain conditions to the Offer that could become applicable in the event of such a challenge. 

    Other Foreign Filings.
  Parent conducts operations in a number of foreign countries, and filings
may have to be made with foreign governments under their pre-merger notification statutes. The filing
requirements of various nations are being analyzed by the parties, and, where appropriate, the parties intend to make such filings. 

    State Takeover Laws.
  Section 203 of the DGCL limits the ability of a Delaware
corporation to engage in business combinations with "interested stockholders" (defined generally as any beneficial owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock in the corporation) unless,
among other things, the corporation's board of directors has given its prior approval to either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an "interested
stockholder." The Company's Board of Directors has approved the Merger Agreement and Merger Sub's acquisition of the Shares pursuant to the Offer and, therefore, Section 203 of the DGCL is
inapplicable to the Offer and the Merger. 

    Based
on information supplied by or on behalf of the Company, Merger Sub does not believe that any state takeover laws purport to apply to the Offer or the Merger. Neither Parent nor
Merger Sub has currently complied with any state takeover statute or regulation. Merger Sub reserves the right to challenge the applicability or validity of any state law purportedly applicable to the
Offer or the Merger and nothing in this Offer to Purchase or any action taken in connection with the Offer or the Merger is intended as a waiver of such right. If it is asserted that any state
takeover statute is applicable to the Offer or the Merger, and if an appropriate court does not determine that it is inapplicable or invalid as 

applied to the Offer or the Merger, Merger Sub might be required to file certain information with, or to receive approvals from, the relevant state authorities, and Merger Sub might be unable to
accept for payment or pay for any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, or be delayed in consummating the Offer or the Merger. Under such circumstances, Merger Sub may not be obliged to accept for
payment or pay for any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer. 

16. Fees and Expenses.  

    MacKenzie Partners, Inc. is acting as Information Agent in connection with the Offer. The Information Agent may contact holders of the Shares by
personal interview, mail, telephone, telex, telegraph and other methods of electronic communication and may request brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees to forward the Offer
materials to beneficial holders. The Information Agent will receive reasonable and customary compensation for its services, be reimbursed for certain reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses and be indemnified against certain liabilities and expenses in connection with its services, including certain liabilities under the Federal securities laws. 

    Merger
Sub will pay the Depositary reasonable and customary compensation for its services in connection with the Offer, plus reimbursement for out-of-pocket
expenses, and will indemnify the Depositary against certain liabilities and expenses in connection therewith. Brokers, dealers, commercial
banks and trust companies will be reimbursed by Merger Sub for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding material to their customers. 

17. Miscellaneous.  

    The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of the Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer
or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. However, Merger Sub may, in its sole discretion, take such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in
any such jurisdiction and extend the Offer to holders of the Shares in such jurisdiction. 

    Neither
Parent nor Merger Sub is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with the
laws of such jurisdiction. 

    Parent
and Merger Sub have filed the Schedule TO with the SEC pursuant to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, furnishing certain
additional information with respect to the Offer, and may file amendments thereto. The Schedule TO and any amendments thereto, including exhibits, may be examined and copies may be obtained from the
principal office of the SEC in Washington, D.C. in the manner set forth in Section 8 and are available from Parent at the address set forth in Section 9. 

    No
person has been authorized to give any information or make any representation on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub not contained in this Offer to Purchase or in the Letter of
Transmittal and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized. 

SCHEDULE A  

INFORMATION CONCERNING DIRECTORS AND
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB    

    1.  
Directors and Executive Officers of Parent.
 The following table sets forth the name and present principal occupation
or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past five years of each director and executive officer of Parent. Each such person is a citizen of the United States
of America, unless otherwise noted, and the business address of each such person is c/o Chiron Corporation, 4560 Horton Street, Emeryville, California 94608. 

Name

Present Principal Occupation or Employment; Material

Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Lewis W. Coleman

Director of Parent since 1991. President of Gordon & Betty Moore Foundation, an education environment and scientific research foundation located in San Francisco, California. Prior to that, he was the Chairman and a member of the Executive
Committee of Banc of America Securities, formerly known as Montgomery Securities, until his resignation in December 2000.

Rajen K. Dalal

Vice President of Parent since 1991 and President of Chiron Blood Testing since 1998. Citizen of India.

Pierre E. Douaze

Director of Parent since 1995. From December 1996 through December 1997, he was a member of the Executive Committee of Novartis AG and Head of its Healthcare Division and Pharma Sector. In December 1997, Mr. Douaze retired from Novartis AG. Citizen
of France.

William G. Green

Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel of Parent since 1990.

Paul L. Herrling

Director of Parent since 1997 and the Head of Research at Novartis Pharma AG and a member of the Novartis Pharma Executive Board. Citizen of Switzerland.

Peder K. Jensen

Vice President; Head of Development of Parent since August 1999. Most recently, Dr. Jensen was development director, chief medical officer and a member of the board of British Biotech plc, and President of British Biotech, Inc. From 1991-1998, he was
Vice President at Schering-Plough Research Institute. Citizen of Denmark.

John A. Lambert

Vice President; President of Chiron Vaccines of Parent since March 2001. Prior to joining Parent, Mr. Lambert headed John Lambert Associates, a company that provided consulting and coaching at the chief executive level to organizations both in the
United Kingdom and internationally. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Lambert was the President of Aventis Pasteur MSD, where he headed the vaccines venture formed between Pasteur Merieux Connaught and Merck & Co. following four years as that company's Vice
President of Operations. Citizen of the U.K.

San P. Lance

President and Chief Executive Officer of Parent since May 1998 and Chairman of the Board since May 1999. Prior to that, Mr. Lance spent more than 12 years in positions of management responsibility, including positions as Chief Operating Officer and
Chief Executive designate of Glaxo Wellcome plc. Citizen of South Africa.

A1

Edward E. Penhoet

Co-founder of Parent and a Director since its inception in 1981. Chief Executive Officer of Parent until May 1998. Dr. Penhoet was appointed the Dean of the School of Public Health at the University of California at Berkeley in July 1998.

William J. Rutter

Director of Parent. Co-founder of the Parent, served as Chairman of the Board from Parent's inception in 1981 until May 1999, when he became Chairman of the Board Emeritus. Director of Novartis AG from 1995 until April 1999.

Jack W. Schuler

Director of Parent since 1990. Chairman of Stericycle, Inc., a company that processes, sterilizes and recycles medical waste, and Chairman of Ventana Medical Systems, Inc., a company that develops and manufactures instruments/reagent systems that
automate histology.

Linda W. Short

Vice President, Human Resources, of Parent until 1999. In 1999, she was promoted to Vice President, Corporate Resources. Prior to joining Parent, she was the Director of Human Resources of Industrial Indemnity from 1994 to 1997.

David V. Smith

Vice President, Controller of Parent since February 1999. Prior to joining Parent, he was the Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Anergen, Inc. from 1997 until he joined Parent. From 1988 to 1997, he held various financial
management positions with Genentech, Inc.

Pieter J. Strijkert

Director of Parent since 1987. Chairman of the Board of three Dutch companies: Crucell N.V., Pharming Group N.V. and Pamgene B.V., and a Belgian company, deVGen N.V. Citizen of the Netherlands.

James R. Sulat

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Parent since 1998. Chief Financial Officer of Stanford Health Services, the clinical healthcare delivery arm of the Stanford University Medical Center, from 1993 to October 1997.

Craig Wheeler

Vice President of Parent and President of Chiron BioPharmaceuticals since August 2001. Prior to joining Parent, he was a senior member of The Boston Consulting Group's health care practice.

    2.  
Directors and Executive Officers of Merger Sub.
 The following table sets forth the name and title of each director
and executive officer of Merger Sub. The present principal occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past five years of each such director and
executive officer of Merger Sub is as stated above. Each such person is a citizen of the United States of America, and the business address of each such person is c/o Chiron Corporation, 4560 Horton
Street, Emeryville, California 94608. 

Name and Address

Title

James E. Sulat

Director and President of Merger Sub.

William G. Green

Director, Vice President, and Secretary of Merger Sub.

A2

    Manually
signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, will be accepted. The Letter of Transmittal, certificates for the Shares and any
other required documents should be sent or delivered by each stockholder of the Company or his broker-dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary as follows: 

The Depositary for the Offer is:  

EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.  

By Hand:

By Mail:

Overnight Delivery:

Securities Transfer & Reporting Services Inc.

C/O EquiServe Trust

100 William's Street, Galleria

New York, NY 10038

EquiServe

Attn: Corporate Actions

P.O. Box 43014

Providence, RI 02940

EquiServe

Attn: Corporate Actions

150 Royall Street

Canton, MA 02021

By Facsimile Transmission:

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

(781) 575-2901

Confirm Facsimile by Telephone Only:

(781) 575-3100

For Information (Call collect):

(212) 929-5500 

    Any
questions or requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and related materials may be
directed to the Information Agent at the telephone numbers and location listed below. You may also contact your broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for assistance
concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is:  

 [MacKenzie Partners, Inc. LOGO]  

105 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10016

proxy@mackenziepartners.com

(212) 929-5500 (Call collect)

or

Toll-Free (800) 322-2885

QuickLinks

IMPORTANT

SUMMARY TERM SHEET



INTRODUCTION

MATRIX PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (In thousands, except per share data)

INFORMATION CONCERNING DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

EX-99.A2

a2067573zex-99_a2.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(2)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(2)  

Letter of Transmittal  

To Tender Shares of Common Stock

(including the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock)

of

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase Dated January 14, 2002

by

Manon Acquisition Corp.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Chiron Corporation  

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK

CITY TIME, ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2002 UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

The Depositary for the Offer is:  

EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.  

By Hand:

By Mail:

By Overnight Carrier:

Securities Transfer & Reporting Services Inc.

C/O EquiServe Trust

100 William's Street, Galleria

New York, NY 10038

EquiServe

Attn: Corporate Actions

P.O. Box 43014

Providence, RI 02940

EquiServe

Attn: Corporate Actions

150 Royall Street

Canton, MA 02021

By Facsimile Transmission:

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

(781) 575-2901

Confirm Facsimile by Telephone Only:

(781) 575-3100

DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARES TENDERED

(Attach additional signed list if necessary)

Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered Holder(s)

(Please fill in, if blank, exactly as name(s)

appear(s) on Certificate(s))

Certificate Number(s)(1)

Number of Shares Represented by Certificate(s)(1)

Number of Shares Tendered(2)

Total Shares

(1)

Need not be completed by Book-Entry Stockholders (as defined below).

(2)

Unless otherwise indicated, all shares represented by share certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered. See instruction 4.

/ /

Check here if certificates have been lost, destroyed or mutilated. See instruction 11. Number of shares represented by lost, destroyed or mutilated
certificates:

.

DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER, OTHER
THAN AS LISTED ABOVE, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE THEREFOR PROVIDED BELOW AND, UNLESS YOU ARE A FOREIGN
INDIVIDUAL, COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW. FOREIGN INDIVIDUALS SHOULD COMPLETE A FORM W-8, WHICH CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE DEPOSITARY.  

THE INSTRUCTIONS CONTAINED WITHIN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND SHOULD BE READ IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE
THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.  

    This Letter of Transmittal is to be used by stockholders of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. if certificates for the Shares (as defined below) are to be
forwarded herewith or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined in Instruction 2 below) is utilized, if delivery of the Shares is to be made by book-entry transfer to an account maintained by the
Depositary at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in and pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase). Holders who deliver Shares by book-entry transfer are
referred to herein as "Book-Entry Stockholders." 

    Stockholders
whose certificates for the Shares are not immediately available or who cannot deliver either the certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in Section 3
of the Offer to Purchase) with respect to, their Shares and all other documents required hereby to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date must tender their Shares pursuant to the guaranteed
delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2. 
DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY'S PROCEDURES DOES NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY.

/ /

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO THE DEPOSITARY'S ACCOUNT AT THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY
DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER):

Name of Tendering Institution

Account Number

Transaction Code Number

/ /

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

Name(s) of Registered Owner(s)

Window Ticket Number (if any)

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery

Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery

If delivered by book-entry transfer, check box:

/ /

Account Number

Transaction Code Number

NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW  

 PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH IN

THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CAREFULLY  

Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

    The
undersigned hereby tenders to Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), the above-
described shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), together with the associated rights to
purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995, as amended (the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and EquiServe Trust Company,
N.A. (the Common Stock and the Rights together being referred to herein as the "Shares"), at a purchase price of $2.21 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated January 14, 2002 and in this related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements
hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"). The undersigned understands that Merger Sub reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole at any time, or in part from time to time, to
one or more of its affiliates, the right to purchase all or any portion of the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not relieve Merger Sub of its obligations
under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the rights of tendering stockholders to receive payment for any Shares validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer. Receipt of the
Offer is hereby acknowledged. 

    The
Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 6, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company. 

    Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms of any such extension or amendment), subject to, and effective upon,
acceptance for payment of the Shares tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, upon the order of, Merger Sub all right, title
and interest in and to all the Shares that are being tendered hereby (and any and all non-cash dividends, distributions, rights, other shares of common stock or other securities issued or issuable in
respect thereof on or after January 6, 2002 (collectively, "Distributions")) and irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Depositary the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the
undersigned with respect to such Shares (and all Distributions), with full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to
(i) deliver certificates for such Shares (and any and all Distributions), or transfer ownership of such Shares (and any and all Distributions) on the account books maintained by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility, together, in any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to or upon the order of Merger Sub, (ii) present such Shares (and any and all
Distributions) for transfer on the books of the Company, and (iii) receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares (and any and all Distributions),
all in accordance with the terms of the Offer. 

    By
executing this Letter of Transmittal, the undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints William G. Green and James R. Sulat in their respective capacities as officers of Merger Sub, and
any individual who shall thereafter succeed to any such offices of Merger Sub, and each of them, and any other designees of Merger Sub, the attorneys-in-fact and proxies of the undersigned, each with
full power of substitution, (i) to vote at any annual or special meeting of the Company's stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof or otherwise in such manner as each such
attorney-in-fact and proxy or his substitute shall in his sole discretion deem proper with respect to, (ii) to execute any written consent concerning any matter as each such attorney-in-fact
and proxy or his substitute shall in his sole discretion deem proper with respect to, and (iii) to otherwise act as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his substitute shall in his sole
discretion deem proper with respect to, all of the Shares 

(and any and all Distributions) tendered hereby and accepted for payment by Merger Sub. This appointment will be effective if and when, and only to the extent that, Merger Sub accepts such Shares for
payment pursuant to the Offer. This power of attorney and proxy are irrevocable and are granted in consideration of the acceptance for payment of such Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer.
Such acceptance for payment shall, without further action, revoke any prior powers of attorney and proxies granted by the undersigned at any time with respect to such Shares (and any and all
Distributions), and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given by the undersigned with respect thereto (and, if given, will not be deemed effective). Merger Sub
reserves the right to require that, in order for the Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon Merger Sub's acceptance for payment of such Shares, Merger Sub must be able to exercise full
voting, consent and other rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions), including voting at any meeting of the Company's stockholders. 

    The
undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered hereby and all Distributions,
that the undersigned owns the Shares tendered hereby within the meaning of Rule 14e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that the tender of
the tendered Shares complies with Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act, and that when the same are accepted for payment by Merger Sub, Merger Sub will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered
title thereto and to all Distributions, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, charges and encumbrances and the same will not be subject to any adverse claims. The undersigned will, upon request,
execute and deliver any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or Merger Sub to be necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares tendered hereby and all
Distributions. In addition, the undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Depositary for the account of Merger Sub all Distributions in respect of the Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by
appropriate documentation of transfer, and, pending such remittance and transfer or appropriate assurance thereof, Merger Sub shall be entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of each such
Distribution and may withhold the entire purchase price of the Shares tendered hereby or deduct from such purchase price the amount or value of such Distribution as determined by Merger Sub in its
sole discretion. 

    All
authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred shall survive the death or incapacity of the undersigned, and any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding
upon the heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, trustees in bankruptcy, successors and assigns of the undersigned. This tender is irrevocable; provided that Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time on or prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment as provided in the Offer to Purchase, may also be withdrawn at any
time after March 14, 2002, subject to the withdrawal rights set forth in Section 4 of the Offer to Purchase. 

    The
undersigned understands that the valid tender of the Shares pursuant to any one of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in the Instructions hereto
will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and Merger Sub upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms or conditions
of any such extension or amendment). Without limiting the foregoing, if the price to be paid in the Offer is amended in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, the price to be paid to the
undersigned will be the amended price notwithstanding the fact that a different price is stated in this Letter of Transmittal.
The undersigned recognizes that under certain circumstances set forth in the Offer to Purchase, Merger Sub may not be required to accept for payment any of the Shares tendered hereby. 

    Unless
otherwise indicated under "Special Payment Instructions," please issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased and/or return any certificates for any Shares
not tendered or accepted for payment in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing above under "Description of the Shares Tendered." Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under "Special
Delivery Instructions," 

please mail the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased and/or return any certificates for any Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as
appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered holder(s) appearing above under "Description of the Shares Tendered." In the event that the boxes entitled "Special Payment Instructions" and "Special
Delivery Instructions" are both completed, please issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased and/or return any certificates evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for
payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) in the name(s) of, and deliver such check and/or return any such certificates (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to, the
person(s) so indicated. Unless otherwise indicated herein in the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions," please credit any Shares tendered herewith by book-entry transfer that are not accepted
for payment by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above. The undersigned recognizes that Merger Sub has no obligation pursuant to the "Special Payment Instructions"
to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered holder thereof if Merger Sub does not accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered. 

SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)

SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)

To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of the Shares accepted for payment is to be issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned, if certificates for any Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be issued in
the name of someone other than the undersigned or if any Shares tendered hereby and delivered by book-entry transfer that are not accepted for payment are to be returned by credit to an account maintained at a Book-Entry Transfer Facility other than
the account indicated above.

To be completed ONLY if certificates for any Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of any Shares accepted for payment is to be sent to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an
address other than that shown under "Description of the Shares Tendered." Mail check and/or stock certificates to:

Mail check and/or stock certificates to:

Issue check and/or stock certificate(s) to:

Name:

(Please Print)

Name:

(Please Print)

Address:

(Include Zip Code)

Address:

(Include Zip Code)

(Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number)

(See Substitute Form W-9)

/ / Credit Shares delivered by book-entry transfer and not purchased to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility account.

Account number 

IMPORTANT

STOCKHOLDER: SIGN HERE

(Also Complete Substitute Form W-9 Below)  

Signature(s) of Owner(s)

Name(s)

Name of Firm

(Please Print)

Capacity (full title)

(See Instruction 5)

Address

(Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone Number

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number

(See Substitute Form W-9)

Dated: 

, 2002

    (Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on stock certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by the
person(s) authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents transmitted herewith. If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, agent,
officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set forth full title and see Instruction 5). 

GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
  (See Instructions 1 and 5)    

    FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY. PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE BELOW. 

Authorized signature(s)

Name(s)

Name of Firm

(Please Print)

Address

(Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone Number

Dated: 

, 2002

INSTRUCTIONS
  FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER    

1.  Guarantee of Signatures.
  No signature guarantee is required on this Letter of Transmittal
(a) if this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this Instruction 1, includes any participant in any of the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's
systems whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares) of the Shares tendered herewith, unless such registered holder(s) has completed either the box entitled "Special
Payment Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" on the Letter of Transmittal or (b) if such Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including
most commercial banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature
Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or by any other "eligible guarantor institution," as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act (each, an "Eligible
Institution"). In all other cases, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5. 

2.  Requirements of Tender.
  This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by stockholders of the Company
either if certificates are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an Agent's Message is utilized, if delivery of the Shares is to be made by book-entry transfer pursuant to the procedures set forth
herein and in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. For a stockholder validly to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, either (a) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a
manually signed facsimile thereof), together with any required signature guarantees or an Agent's Message (in connection with book-entry transfer of the Shares) and any other required documents, must
be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth herein prior to the Expiration Date and either (i) certificates for tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary at one of
such addresses prior to the Expiration Date, or (ii) Shares must be delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer set forth herein and in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and a
Book-Entry Confirmation must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, or (b) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth herein
and in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

    Stockholders
whose certificates for the Shares are not immediately available or who cannot deliver their certificates and all other required documents to the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date or who cannot comply with the book-entry transfer procedures on a timely basis may tender their Shares by properly completing and duly executing the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth herein and in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

    Pursuant
to such guaranteed delivery procedures, (i) such tender must be made by or through an Eligible Institution, (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by Merger Sub, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, and (iii) the certificates for all tendered Shares, in
proper form for transfer (or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to all tendered Shares), together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile
thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message, and any other required documents must be received by the Depositary within three trading
days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. A "trading day" is any day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. 

    The
term "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry Confirmation, which
states that such Book-Entry Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in such Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares, that such participant has received
and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Merger Sub may enforce such agreement against the participant. 

    The signatures on this Letter of Transmittal cover the Shares tendered hereby. 

The method of delivery of the Shares, this Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the Book-Entry Transfer Facility,
is at the election and risk of the tendering stockholder. The Shares will be deemed delivered only when actually received by the Depositary (including, in the case of a Book-Entry Transfer, by
Book-Entry Confirmation). If delivery is by mail, it is requested that the stockholder use registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured. In all cases, sufficient time should be
allowed to ensure timely delivery.  

    No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted, and no fractional Shares will be purchased. All tendering stockholders, by executing this
Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), waive any right to receive any notice of acceptance of their Shares for payment. 

3.  Inadequate Space.
  If the space provided herein under "Description of the Shares Tendered" is
inadequate, the number of Shares tendered and the certificate numbers with respect to such Shares should be listed on a separate signed schedule attached hereto. 

4.  Partial Tenders (not applicable to stockholders who tender by book-entry transfer).
  If fewer than
all the Shares evidenced by any certificate delivered to the Depositary herewith are to be tendered hereby, fill in the number of Shares that are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares
Tendered." In any such case, new certificate(s) for the remainder of the Shares that were evidenced by the old certificates will be sent to the registered holder, unless otherwise provided in the
appropriate box on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date, or the termination of the Offer. All Shares represented by certificates delivered to the Depositary
will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated. 

5.  Signatures on Letter of Transmittal; Stock Powers and Endorsements.
  If this Letter of Transmittal is
signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on the face of the certificate(s) without alteration, enlargement or any
change whatsoever. 

    If
any of the Shares tendered hereby are held of record by two or more joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal. 

    If
any of the tendered Shares are registered in different names on several certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate Letters of Transmittal as
there are different registrations of certificates. 

    If
this Letter of Transmittal or any stock certificate or stock power is signed by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or other
person acting in a fiduciary
or representative capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to Merger Sub of the authority of such person to so act must be submitted. If this Letter of
Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares listed and transmitted hereby, no endorsements of certificates or separate stock powers are required unless payment or certificates for
any Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be issued in the name of a person other than the registered holder(s). Signatures on any such certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed
by an Eligible Institution. 

    If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the registered holder(s) of the Shares evidenced by certificates listed and transmitted hereby, the certificates must be
endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on the certificates. Signature(s) on any such certificates or
stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

6.  Stock Transfer Taxes.
  Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction 6, Merger Sub will pay
all stock transfer taxes with respect to the transfer and sale of any Shares to it or its order pursuant to the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price of any Shares purchased is to be made
to, or if certificates for any Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be registered in the name 

of, any person other than the registered holder(s), or if tendered certificates are registered in the name of any person other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any
stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered holder(s) or such other person) payable on account of the transfer to such other person will be deducted from the purchase price of such Shares
purchased unless evidence satisfactory to Merger Sub of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom, is submitted. 

    Except
as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the certificates evidencing the Shares tendered hereby. 

7.  Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.
  If a check for the purchase price of any Shares accepted
for payment is to be issued in the name of, and/or certificates for any Shares not accepted for payment or not tendered are to be issued in the name of and/or returned to, a person other than the
signer of this Letter of Transmittal or if a check is to be sent, and/or such certificates are to be returned, to a person other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal, or to an address other
than that shown above, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal should be completed. Any stockholder(s) delivering Shares by book-entry transfer may request that Shares not purchased be
credited to such account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as such stockholder(s) may designate in the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions." If no such instructions are given, any
such Shares not purchased will be returned by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above as the account from which such Shares were delivered. 

8.  Backup Withholding.
  In order to avoid "backup withholding" of Federal income tax on payments of cash
pursuant to the Offer, a stockholder surrendering Shares in the Offer must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such stockholder's correct taxpayer identification number ("TIN")
on Substitute Form W-9 in this Letter of Transmittal and certify, under penalties of perjury, that such TIN is correct and that such stockholder is not subject to backup withholding. If a tendering
stockholder is subject to backup withholding, such stockholder must cross out item (2) of the Certification box on the Substitute Form W-9. 

    Backup
withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of the backup withholding can be credited against the Federal income tax liability of the person subject to the backup
withholding, provided that the required information is given to the IRS. If backup withholding results in an overpayment of tax, a refund can be obtained by the stockholder upon filing an income tax
return. 

    The
stockholder is required to give the Depositary the TIN (i.e., social security number or employer identification number) of the record owner of the Shares. If the Shares are held
in more than one name or are not in the name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed "Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9" for additional guidance
on which number to report. 

    Certain
stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding. Non-corporate foreign stockholders
should complete and sign the main signature form and the appropriate Form W-8, Certificate of Foreign Status, a copy of which may be obtained from the Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding.
If you are a non-corporate foreign stockholder, please consult your tax advisor or see IRS Publication 515, Witholding of Tax on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations, for more information about
the appropriate Form W-8 to file in your particular circumstances and a list of the W-8 forms. See the enclosed "Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9"
for more instructions. 

9.  Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.
  Questions and requests for assistance or additional
copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 may be
directed to the Information Agent at the address and phone number set forth below, or from brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies. 

10.  Waiver of Conditions.
  Subject to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub reserves the absolute right in
its sole discretion to waive, at any time or from time to time, any of the specified conditions of the Offer, in whole or in part, in the case of any Shares tendered. 

11.  Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates.
  If any certificate representing Shares has been lost,
destroyed or stolen, the stockholder should promptly notify the Depositary by checking the box immediately preceding the special payment/special delivery instructions and indicating the number of
Shares lost. 
The stockholder will then be instructed as to the steps that must be taken in order to replace the certificate(s). This letter of transmittal and related documents
cannot be processed until the procedures for replacing lost, destroyed or stolen certificates have been followed.  

IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A MANUALLY SIGNED FACSIMILE HEREOF) TOGETHER WITH ANY REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES, OR, IN
THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, AN AGENT'S MESSAGE AND ANY OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE. EITHER CERTIFICATES FOR TENDERED SHARES MUST BE
RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY, OR SHARES MUST BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THE PROCEDURES FOR BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, IN EACH CASE PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE; OR THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDERS MUST COMPLY WITH
THE PROCEDURES FOR GUARANTEED DELIVERY.  

    IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION    

    Under Federal income tax law, a stockholder whose tendered Shares are accepted for payment is required to provide the Depositary (as payor) with such
stockholder's correct taxpayer identification number on Substitute Form W-9 below. If such stockholder is an individual, the taxpayer identification number is his social security number. If the
Depositary is not provided with the correct taxpayer identification number, the stockholder may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. In addition, payments that are made
to such stockholder with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup withholding of 30%. 

    Certain
stockholders (including, among others, all corporations, and certain foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting requirements. In order for
a foreign individual to qualify as an exempt recipient, that stockholder must submit the appropriate Form W-8 attesting to that individual's exempt status. Please consult your tax advisor or see IRS
Publication 515, Withholding of Tax or NonResident Aliens and Foreign Corporations for more information. The appropriate Form W-8 can be obtained from the Depositary. Exempt stockholders should
furnish their TIN, write "Exempt" in Part 2 of the Substitute Form W-9 below, and sign, date and return the Substitute Form W-9 to the Depositary. See the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional instructions. If backup withholding applies, the Depositary is required to withhold 30% of any payments made to the stockholder.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an overpayment
of taxes, a refund may be obtained from the Internal Revenue Service. 

Purpose of Substitute Form W-9  

    To prevent backup withholding on payments that are made to a stockholder with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the stockholder is required to
notify the Depositary of such stockholder's correct Taxpayer Identification Number by completing the form contained herein certifying that the Taxpayer Identification Number provided on Substitute
Form W-9 is correct. 

What Number to Give the Depositary  

    The stockholder is required to give the Depositary the social security number or employer identification number of the record owner of the Shares. If the
Shares are in more than one name or are not in the name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional
guidance on which number to report. 

PAYOR'S NAME: EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.    

 SUBSTITUTE

 Form 
W-9

 Department of the Treasury

Internal Revenue Service

Name 
Address 

        (Number and Street)

              (City)
                                    (State)
                                    (Zip Code)

Part 1
PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW.

Social Security Number or

Employer Identification Number

 Payor's Request for Taxpayer

 Identification Number (TIN)

Part 2CertificationUnder penalty of perjury, I certify that

(1)

The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number; and

(2)

I am not subject to backup withholding because (i) I am exempt from backup withholding, (ii) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all
interest or dividends, or (iii) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding; and

(3)

I am a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien).

The Internal Revenue Service does not require your consent to any provision of this document other than the certification required to avoid backup withholding.

Signature

Date

    Certification InstructionsYou must cross out item (2) in Part 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because of under-reporting
interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if after being notified by the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding you received another notification from the IRS stating that you are no longer subject to backup withholding, do not
cross out item (2).

NOTE:
FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF 30% OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF
TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS. 

MANUALLY SIGNED FACSIMILE COPIES OF THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL WILL BE ACCEPTED. THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, CERTIFICATES FOR THE SHARES AND ANY OTHER REQUIRED
DOCUMENTS SHOULD BE SENT OR DELIVERED BY EACH STOCKHOLDER OF THE COMPANY OR SUCH STOCKHOLDER'S BROKER, DEALER, COMMERCIAL BANK, TRUST COMPANY OR OTHER NOMINEE TO THE DEPOSITARY AT ONE OF ITS ADDRESSES
SET FORTH ON THE FIRST PAGE.  

    Questions and requests for assistance or for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and other
tender offer materials may be directed to the Information Agent at its telephone number and location listed below, and will be furnished promptly at Merger Sub's expense. You may also contact your
broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is:  

 [MacKenzie Partners, Inc. LOGO]  

105 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10016

proxy@mackenziepartners.com

(212) 929-5500 (Call collect) 

or 

Toll-Free (800) 322-2885

QuickLinks

GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S) (See Instructions 1 and 5)

INSTRUCTIONS FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

PAYOR'S NAME: EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

EX-99.A3

a2067573zex-99_a3.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(3)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(3)  

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery

for

Tender of Shares of Common Stock

(including the associated rights

 to purchase Preferred Stock)

of

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.

to

Manon Acquisition
Corp.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Chiron Corporation

(NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEES)    

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY

TIME, ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2002 UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

    This
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form substantially equivalent hereto, must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) (i) if certificates for Shares (as defined
below) are not immediately available, (ii) if the procedure for book-entry transfer, as set forth in the Offer to Purchase, cannot be
completed on a timely basis or (iii) if time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date. Such form may be delivered by hand, transmitted
by facsimile transmission, telegram, telex, mail or nationally recognized overnight courier to the Depositary. See Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Depositary for the Offer is:  

EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.    

By Hand:

By Mail:

Overnight Delivery:

Securities Transfer & Reporting Services Inc.

C/O EquiServe Trust

100 William's Street, Galleria

New York, NY 10038

EquiServe

Attn: Corporate Actions

P.O. Box 43014

Providence, RI 02940

EquiServe

Attn: Corporate Actions

150 Royall Street

Canton, MA 02021

By Facsimile Transmission:

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

(781) 575-2901

Confirm Facsimile by Telephone Only:

(781) 575-3100

For Information (call collect):

(212) 929-5500 

DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OR TRANSMISSION VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN AS SET FROTH ABOVE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A
VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY.

THIS FORM IS NOT TO BE USED TO GUARANTEE SIGNATURES. IF A SIGNATURE ON A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS REQUIRED TO BE GUARANTEED BY AN "ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION" UNDER
THE INSTRUCTIONS THERETO, SUCH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MUST APPEAR IN THE APPLICABLE SPACE PROVIDED IN THE SIGNATURE BOX ON THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

    The
undersigned hereby tenders to Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Merger Sub's Offer to Purchase dated January 14, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal
(which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, constitute the "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of shares set forth below of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share (the "Common Stock"), of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), together with the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights") issued
pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995, as amended (the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the Common Stock and the Rights together
being referred to herein as the "Shares"), pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

Signature(s) 

Name(s) of Record Holder(s) 

Please Print or Type

Number of Shares 

Certificate No.(s) (If Available) 

Dated 

, 2002

Address(es) 

Zip Code

Area Code and Tel. No.(s) 

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number 

Check box if Shares will be tendered by book-entry transfer: / /

Account Number 

THE GUARANTEE SET FORTH BELOW MUST BE COMPLETED

    GUARANTEE

    (Not to be used for signature guarantee)    

    The undersigned, a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program, the Stock
Exchange Medallion Program or an "eligible guarantor institution" as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby
(a) represents that the above named person(s) "own(s)" the Shares tendered hereby within the meaning of Rule 14e-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
("Rule 14e-4"), (b) represents that such tender of Shares complies with Rule 14e-4 and (c) guarantees to deliver to the Depositary either
certificates representing the Shares tendered hereby, in proper form for transfer, or confirmation of book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account at The Depository
Trust Company, in each case with delivery of a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and any other required documents, within three trading days (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) after the date hereof. 

Name of Firm

 Address

 Zip Code

Area Code and Tel. No.

Authorized Signature

Name

Please Print Or Type

Title

Date 

, 2002

NOTE: DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES FOR THE SHARES WITH THIS NOTICE.

CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE SENT ONLY WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

QuickLinks

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery for Tender of Shares of Common Stock (including the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock) of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. to Manon Acquisition Corp. a wholly owned subsidiary
of Chiron Corporation (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEES)

EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.

THE GUARANTEE SET FORTH BELOW MUST BE COMPLETED GUARANTEE (Not to be used for signature guarantee)

EX-99.A4

a2067573zex-99_a4.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(4)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(4)  

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
  NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9    

Guidelines for determining the proper identification number to give the payer
Social Security numbers have nine digits
separated by two hyphens: i.e. 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only one hyphen: i.e. 00-0000000. The table below will
help determine the number to give the payer. All "section" references are to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

For This Type of Account:

Give The Name And Social Security Number

of

For This Type of Account:

Give The Name And Employer Identification Number of

 1.

Individual

The individual

 7.

A valid trust, estate, or pension trust

Legal entity(1)

 2.

Two or more individuals (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined funds, the first individual on the account(2)

 8.

Corporate

The corporation

 3.

Husband and wife (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if joint funds, the first individual on the account(2)

 9.

Religious, charitable, or educational organization

The organization

 4.

Custodian account of a minor (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)

The minor(3)

10.

Partnership

The partnership

 5.

a.

The usual revocable savings trust account (grantor is also trustee)

The grantor-trustee(2)

11.

Association, club, or other tax-exempt organization

The organization

b.

So-called trust account that is not a legal or valid trust under State law

The actual owner(2)

12.

A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

 6.

Sole proprietorship

The owner(4)

13.

Account with the Department of Agriculture in the name of a public entity (such as a state or local government, school district, or prison) that receives agricultural program payments

The public entity

(1)
List
first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust. (Do not furnish the identifying number of the personal representative or trustee unless the legal entity
itself is not designated in the account title.)

(2)
List
first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. If only one person on a joint account has a social security number, that person's number must be furnished.

(3)
Circle
the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.

(4)
You
must show your individual name, but you may also enter your business or "doing business as" name. You may either use your social security number on your employer identification
number (if you have one.) 

NOTE:
 If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number
will be considered to be that of the first name listed. 

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
  NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9    

Obtaining a Number  

   If you don't have a taxpayer identification number or you don't know your number, obtain Internal Revenue Service Form SS-5, Application for a
Social Security Card, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at your local office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service and apply for
a number. 

Payees Exempt From Backup Withholding  

   Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL payments include the following: 


An
organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), an individual retirement account (IRA), or a custodial account under section 403(b)(7),
if the account satisfies the requirement of section 401(f)(2).


The
United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.


A
State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any subdivision or instrumentality thereof.


A
foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or any agency or instrumentality thereof.


An
international organization, or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 

   Other
payees that may be exempt from backup withholding include: 


A
corporation.


A
financial institution.


A
dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the U.S., the District of Columbia or a possession of the U.S.


A
real estate investment trust.


A
common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a).


An
exempt charitable remainder trust under   664, or a non-exempt trust described in section 4947.


An
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment Company Act of 1940.


A
foreign central bank of issue.


A
middleman known in the investment community as a nominee or custodian or who is listed in the most recent publication of the American Society of
Corporate Secretaries, Inc., Nominee List.


A
futures commission merchant registered with the commodity futures trading commission. 

   Exempt
payees described above should file this Substitute Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. 
File this form with the
payer, furnish your Taxpayer Identification Number, write "exempt" on the face of the form, and return it to the payer. If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity not subject to backup
withholding, file with payer the appropriate completed internal revenue Form W-8.

   Certain
payments other than interest dividends, and patronage dividends, that are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup withholding. For details, see the
regulations under sections 6041, 6041A, 6042, 6044, 6045, 6049, and 6050A and 6050N and the regulations thereunder. 

Privacy Act Notice.
 Section 6109 requires you to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers who must report the payments to
the IRS. The IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes and to help verify the accuracy of your tax return. The IRS may also provide this information to the Department of Justice for civil and
criminal litigation, and to the cities, states and the District of Columbia to carry out their tax laws. You must provide your taxpayer identification number whether or not you are required to
file a tax return. Payers must generally withhold 30% of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payer.
Certain penalties may also apply. 

Penalties  

(1)
Penalty for Failure to Furnish Taxpayer Identification Number.
If you fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number
to a payer, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.

(2)
Civil Penalty for False Information with Respect to Withholding.
If you make a false statement with no reasonable basis
which results in no imposition of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.

(3)
Criminal Penalty for Falsifying Information.
Willfully falsifying certifications or affirmations may subject you to
criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment.

(4)
Misuse of TINs.
If the requester discloses or uses TINs in violation of Federal law, the requester may be subject to civil
and criminal penalties. 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX ADVISOR OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE.

QuickLinks

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

EX-99.A5

a2067573zex-99_a5.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(5)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

Exhibit (a)(5)  

Offer to Purchase for Cash  

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

(including the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock)

of

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.  

at  

$2.21 Net Per Share  

by  

Manon Acquisition Corp.  

a wholly owned subsidiary of  

Chiron Corporation  

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY

TIME, ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2002 UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

January 14,

To
Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,

  Trust Companies And Other Nominees: 

    The
undersigned, Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), is offering to
purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), together with the
associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995, as amended (the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the Common Stock and the Rights together being referred to herein as the "Shares"), at a purchase price of $2.21 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest
(the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated January 14, 2002, and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any
amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"). Please furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients for whose accounts you hold Shares
registered in your name or in the name of your nominee. 

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (I) THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER THAT NUMBER
OF SHARES WHICH, WHEN ADDED TOGETHER WITH ALL OTHER SHARES OWNED BY CHIRON CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, WOULD REPRESENT AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES (DETERMINED ON A FULLY
DILUTED BASIS FOR ALL OUTSTANDING STOCK OPTIONS AND ANY OTHER RIGHTS (OTHER THAN THE RIGHTS, IF SUCH RIGHTS ARE NOT AT THAT TIME EXERCISABLE) TO ACQUIRE SHARES OUTSTANDING ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE),
(II) ANY REQUISITE WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED, APPLICABLE TO THE PURCHASE OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER OR THE
MERGER DESCRIBED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE HAVING BEEN TERMINATED OR HAVING EXPIRED, AND (III) THE APPLICABLE WAITING PERIODS UNDER FOREIGN ANTITRUST AND COMPETITION LAWS' HAVING BEEN TERMINATED
OR HAVING EXPIRED, EXCEPT FOR SUCH WAITING PERIODS THE FAILURE OF WHICH TO TERMINATE OR EXPIRE WOULD  

 NOT HAVE A PARENT MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT OR A COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) OR TO PROVIDE A REASONABLE BASIS TO CONCLUDE THAT PARENT, MERGER SUB
OR THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, ADVISORS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES WOULD BE SUBJECT TO THE RISK OF CRIMINAL LIABILITY.

THE OFFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2002 (THE "MERGER AGREEMENT"), AMONG PARENT, MERGER SUB AND THE
COMPANY. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS DETERMINED THAT THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS AND UNANIMOUSLY
RECOMMENDS THAT THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

    For
your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, we are enclosing the following documents: 

1.
Offer
to Purchase dated January 14, 2002;

2.
Letter
of Transmittal for your use in accepting the Offer and tendering Shares and for the information of your clients;

3.
Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if certificates for the Shares and all other required documents cannot be delivered to EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
(the "Depositary"), or if the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed, by the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase);

4.
A
printed form of letter which may be sent to your clients for whose accounts you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, with space provided for
obtaining such clients' instructions with regard to the Offer;

5.
A
letter to stockholders of the Company from Michael Casey, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, together with a Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 dated January 14, 2002, which has been filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and which includes the recommendation of
the Board of Directors of the
Company that stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares to Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer;

6.
Guidelines
of the Internal Revenue Service for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9; and

7.
A
return envelope addressed to the Depositary. 

    Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment), Merger Sub
will accept for payment and pay for any Shares which are validly tendered on or prior to the Expiration Date, or any Subsequent Offering Period (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and not
theretofore properly withdrawn, when permitted, when, as and if Merger Sub gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of Merger Sub's acceptance of such Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer.
Payment for any Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates for the Shares, or timely confirmation of a
book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company, pursuant to the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase,
(ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a properly completed and manually signed facsimile thereof) or an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in
connection with a book-entry transfer and (iii) all other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

    Merger Sub will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Depositary and the Information Agent as described in the Offer to Purchase) in
connection with the Offer. Merger Sub will, however, upon request, reimburse brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies for customary mailing and handling costs incurred by them in
forwarding the enclosed materials to their customers. 

    Merger
Sub will pay or cause to be paid all stock transfer taxes applicable to its purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the
Letter of Transmittal. 

WE REQUEST THAT YOU CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS PROMPTLY. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON MONDAY,
FEBRUARY 11, 2002 UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

    In
order to accept the Offer, a duly executed and properly completed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agent's Message in connection with a book-entry transfer of the Shares, and any other required documents, should be sent to the Depositary, and certificates representing the tendered
Shares should be delivered or tendered by book-entry transfer, all in accordance with the Instructions set forth in the Letter of Transmittal and in the Offer to Purchase. 

    If
holders of the Shares wish to tender, but it is impracticable for them to forward their certificates or other required documents or to comply with the procedures for delivery by
book-entry transfer prior to the expiration of the Offer, a tender may be effected by following the guaranteed delivery procedures specified in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

    Any
inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed to, and additional copies of the enclosed materials may be obtained from, the Information Agent at the address
and telephone number set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. 

Very
truly yours,

MANON ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU THE AGENT OF PARENT, MERGER SUB, THE COMPANY, THE INFORMATION AGENT, THE DEPOSITARY
OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE DOCUMENTS
ENCLOSED HEREWITH AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.

EX-99.A6

a2067573zex-99_a6.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(6)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

Exhibit (a)(6)  

Offer to Purchase for Cash  

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

(including the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock)  

of  

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.  

at  

$2.21 Net Per Share  

by  

Manon Acquisition Corp.

a wholly owned subsidiary of  

Chiron Corporation  

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY

TIME, ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2002 UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

January 14, 2002 

To
Our Clients: 

    Enclosed
for your consideration are the Offer to Purchase dated January 14, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer") in connection with the offer by Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Chiron Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), together with the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995, as
amended (the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the Common Stock and the Rights together being referred to herein as the "Shares"), at a purchase price of
$2.21 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase. The Offer is being made pursuant to
an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 6, 2002, among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company (the "Merger Agreement"). 

We are the holder of record of the Shares held for your account. A tender of such Shares can be made only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your
instructions. The enclosed Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your information only and cannot be used by you to tender shares held by us for your account.

    We
request instructions as to whether you wish us to tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your account, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer
to Purchase. Your attention is invited to the following: 

1.
The
tender price is $2.21 per Share, net to you in cash without interest.

2.
The
Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares.

3.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS DETERMINED THAT THE OFFER AND THE MERGER (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN
THE BEST INTERESTS OF, THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS, AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE COMPANY'S  

 STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

4.
The Offer and withdrawal rights expire at 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Monday, February 11, 2002 unless the Offer is
extended.

5.
The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer that number of Shares which, when
added together with all other Shares owned by Parent and its subsidiaries, would represent at least a majority of the outstanding Shares (determined on a fully diluted basis for all outstanding stock
options and any other rights (other than the Rights, if such Rights are not at that time exercisable) to acquire Shares outstanding on the date of purchase), (ii) any requisite waiting period
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger described herein having been terminated
or having expired, and (iii) the applicable waiting periods under foreign antitrust and competition laws' having been terminated or having expired, except for such waiting periods the failure
of which to terminate or expire would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or a Company Material Adverse Effect (as such terms are defined in the Offer to Purchase) or to provide a reasonable
basis to conclude that Parent, Merger Sub or the Company or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, advisors or other representatives would be subject to the risk of criminal liability.

6.
Any
stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of the Shares to Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer will be paid by Merger Sub, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the
Letter of Transmittal. 

    The
Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of the Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof
would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. However, Merger Sub may, in its sole discretion, take such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any such jurisdiction and
extend the Offer to holders of the Shares in such jurisdiction. 

    Neither
Parent nor Merger Sub is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with the
laws of such jurisdiction. 

    If
you wish to have us tender any or all of your Shares, please so instruct us by completing, executing and returning to us the instruction form set forth on the reverse side of this
letter. An envelope to return your instructions to us is enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise specified on the reverse side of this
letter. 
Your instructions should be forwarded to us in ample time to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to the expiration of the Offer.

INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE

OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

OF  

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.  

(INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED RIGHTS TO

PURCHASE PREFERRED STOCK)  

by  

Manon Acquisition Corp.

a wholly owned subsidiary of  

Chiron Corporation  

January 14, 2002 

    The
undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed Offer to Purchase dated January 14, 2002 and the related Letter of Transmittal in connection with the
Offer (as defined below) by Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, a Delaware corporation, to purchase all outstanding shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), together with the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock
(the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995, as amended (the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the Common Stock
and the Rights together being referred to herein as the "Shares"), at a purchase price of $2.21 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"). 

    This
will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below (or if no number is indicated below, all Shares) held by you for the account of the undersigned, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer. 

Number of Shares tendered:*

Certificate Nos. (if available):

Check the box if Shares will be tendered by book-entry transfer: / /

Account No:

Dated:

, 2002 

SIGN HERE  

Signature(s):

Please type or print address(es):

Area Code and Telephone Number:

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number(s):

*
Unless
otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares held by us for your account are to be tendered. 

EX-99.A7

a2067573zex-99_a7.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(7)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (a)(7)  

Offer to Purchase for Cash

All of the Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

(including the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock)

of

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.

at

$2.21 Net Per Share

by

Manon Acquisition Corp.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Chiron Corporation

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2002 UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

January 14, 2002 

To
Participants in the 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.: 

    Enclosed
for your consideration are the Offer to Purchase dated January 14, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments
or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer") in connection with the offer by Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), together with the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995, as amended (the "Rights
Agreement"), between the Company and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the Common Stock and the Rights together being referred to herein as the "Shares"), at a purchase price of $2.21 per Share, net to
the seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase. The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated as of January 6, 2002 among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company ("Merger Agreement"). 

The Charles Schwab Trust Company is the holder of record of Shares held for your account as a participant in the Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. 401(k) Retirement
Savings Plan (the "Plan") and is the Trustee of the Plan (the "Trustee") on behalf of the Company. The Trust Agreement provides that the Trustee shall invest and reinvest assets in individually
directed accounts, including the determination to tender Shares held in a participant's account, pursuant to the directions of the participant, as communicated by the administrator of the Plan or its
delegate. A tender of such Shares can be made only by the Trustee as the holder of record and pursuant to your instructions. The Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your information only and
cannot be used by you to tender Shares held in your plan account.

    We,
as delegate for the Company, the Plan administrator, request instructions as to whether you wish to have the Trustee tender on your behalf any or all of the Shares held in your
Plan account, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer. 

    Please note the following: 

1.
The
tender price is $2.21 per Share, net to you in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer.

2.
The
Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares.

3.
The Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the Offer and the Merger (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) are advisable and fair to, and in
the best interests of, the Company's stockholders, and unanimously recommends that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer.

4.
The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Monday, February 11, 2002 unless the Offer is
extended.

5.
The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the offer that number of Shares which, when added
together with all other Shares owned by Chiron Corporation and its subsidiaries, would represent at least a majority of the outstanding Shares (determined on a fully diluted basis for all outstanding
stock options and any other rights (other than the Rights, if such Rights are not at that time exercisable) to acquire Shares outstanding on the date of purchase), (ii) any requisite waiting period
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, applicable to the purchase of shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger described herein having been terminated or having
expired, and (iii) the applicable waiting periods under foreign antitrust and competition laws' having been terminated or having expired, except for such waiting periods the failure of which to
terminate or expire would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or a Company Material Adverse Effect (as such terms are defined in the Offer to Purchase) or to provide a reasonable basis to
conclude that Parent, Merger Sub or the Company or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, advisors or other representatives would be subject to the risk of criminal liability.

6.
Any
stock taxes applicable to the sale of the Shares to Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer will be paid by Merger Sub, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of
Transmittal. 

    If
you wish to have the Trustee tender any or all of the Shares held in your Plan account, please so instruct us by completing, executing and returning to us the instruction form
enclosed with this letter by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Monday, February 11, 2002, unless the Offer is extended. An envelope in which to return your instructions is enclosed. If you
authorize tender of such Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise specified in your instructions. 
Your authorization should be forwarded in ample time to
permit the Trustee to submit a tender on your behalf prior to the expiration of the Offer.

    The
Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) the holders of Shares residing in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the
acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities, blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. However, Merger Sub may, in its discretion, take such action as it may deem necessary to
make the Offer in any jurisdiction and extend the Offer to holders of Shares in such jurisdiction. 

    In
any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer is being made on behalf of Merger Sub by one or
more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

Instructions With Respect to the Offer to Purchase
  for Cash All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
  (including the associated Preferred Stock purchase rights)
  of
  Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.
  by

Manon Acquisition Corp.    

    The
undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed Offer to Purchase dated January 14, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer") in connection with the offer by Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Matrix Pharmaceutical,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), together with the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1995, as
amended, between the Company and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the Common Stock and the Rights together being referred to herein as the "Shares"), at a purchase price of $2.21 per Share, net to the
seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase. The Offer is being made in connection with the Agreement and Plan
of Merger dated as of January 6, 2002 among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company. The undersigned understand(s) that the Offer applies to Shares allocated to the account of the undersigned in the Matrix
Pharmaceutical, Inc. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (the "Plan"). 

    This
will instruct the Trustee of the Plan (The Charles Schwab Trust Company) to tender to Merger Sub the number of Shares, indicated below (or, if no number is indicated below, all
Shares) that are held by you for the Plan account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer. 

Number
of Shares to be Tendered: 

Shares* 

Date: 

*
Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares in your Plan account are to be tendered. 

SIGN HERE

Signature(s)

Please type or print name(s)

Please type or print address

Area Code and Telephone Number

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number

PAYOR'S NAME: EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.    

 SUBSTITUTE

 Form 
W-9

 Department of the Treasury

Internal Revenue Service

Name 
Address 

        (Number and Street)

              (City)
                                    (State)
                                    (Zip Code)

Part 1
PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW.

Social Security Number or

Employer Identification Number

 Payor's Request for Taxpayer

 Identification Number (TIN)

Part 2CertificationUnder penalty of perjury, I certify that

(1)

The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number; and

(2)

I am not subject to backup withholding because (i) I am exempt from backup withholding, (ii) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all
interest or dividends, or (iii) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding; and

(3)

I am a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien).

The Internal Revenue Service does not require your consent to any provision of this document other than the certification required to avoid backup withholding.

Signature

Date

    Certification InstructionsYou must cross out item (2) in Part 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because of under-reporting
interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if after being notified by the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding you received another notification from the IRS stating that you are no longer subject to backup withholding, do not
cross out item (2).

NOTE:
FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF 30% OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF
TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS. 

QuickLinks

Instructions With Respect to the Offer to Purchase for Cash All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock (including the associated Preferred Stock purchase rights) of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. by Manon Acquisition
Corp.

PAYOR'S NAME: EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

EX-99.A8

a2067573zex-99_a8.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(8)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

Exhibit (a)(8)  

    This
announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is made only by the Offer to Purchase,
dated January 14, 2002, and the related Letter of Transmittal and any amendments or supplements thereto, and is being made to all holders of Shares. The Offer is not being made to (nor will
tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) Holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities, blue sky or
other laws of such jurisdiction. However, the Purchaser (as defined below) may, in its discretion, take such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any jurisdiction and extend the Offer
to holders of Shares in such jurisdiction. In those jurisdictions where securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be
made on behalf of the Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.  

Notice
of Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All
of the Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

(and
the accompanying Rights (as defined below)) 

of

Matrix
Pharmaceutical, Inc. 

at

$2.21
Net Per Share 

by

Manon
Acquisition Corp. 

a
wholly owned subsidiary of 

Chiron
Corporation 

    Manon
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiron Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), is offering to purchase all of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock", and, together with the associated rights to purchase Preferred Stock (the "Rights"), the "Shares") of Matrix
Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $2.21 per Share, net to the seller in cash (less any required withholding taxes), without interest thereon, on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 14, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"). Tendering stockholders who have Shares registered in their names and who tender directly to EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the
"Depositary") will not be charged brokerage fees or commissions or, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders
who hold their Shares through a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee should consult such institution as to whether it charges any service fees. The Purchaser will pay all
charges and expenses of the Depositary and MacKenzie Partners, Inc., which is acting as the information agent (the "Information Agent"), incurred in connection with the Offer. Following the
consummation of the Offer, the Purchaser intends to effect the Merger described below. 

    THE
OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

    The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) there being validly tendered prior to the expiration of the Offer that number of Shares which, when added together with
all other Shares owned by Parent and its subsidiaries, would represent at least a majority of the outstanding Shares (determined on a fully diluted basis for all outstanding stock options and any
other rights to acquire Shares outstanding on the date of purchase) (the "Minimum Condition"), (ii) any requisite waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR 

Act"), applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger described herein having been terminated or having expired (the "HSR Condition") and (iii) the applicable waiting
periods under foreign antitrust and competition laws having been terminated or having expired, except for such waiting periods the failure of which to terminate or expire would not have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect or a Company Material Adverse Effect (as such terms are defined in the Offer to Purchase) or to provide a reasonable basis to conclude that the parties to the Merger Agreement
or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, advisors or other representatives would be subject to the risk of criminal liability (the "Foreign Antitrust Condition"). The Offer is also
subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions. The Minimum Condition, the HSR Condition, the Foreign Antitrust Condition and the other conditions to the Offer set forth in the Offer to
Purchase are collectively referred to as the "Offer Conditions." See Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase. 

    The
Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 6, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), among Parent, the Purchaser and the Company. The
purpose of the Offer is for Parent, indirectly through the Purchaser, to acquire a majority voting interest in the Company as the first step in a business combination. The Merger Agreement provides
that, among other things, the Purchaser will make the Offer and that simultaneously with or as soon as practicable after expiration of the Offer, receipt of any required approval by the Company's
stockholders of the Merger Agreement and the satisfaction or waiver of the other conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company in accordance with
relevant provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation (the "Merger"). At the effective time
of the Merger (the "Effective Time"), each issued and outstanding Share (other than Shares, if any, that are held by any stockholder who is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such
Shares pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL and Shares that are owned by the Company (as treasury stock), Parent or any subsidiary of
Parent (including the Purchaser) immediately prior to the Effective Time) shall be converted into the right to receive in cash, without interest, $2.21 or any higher price that may be paid for the
Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

    The
Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the terms of the Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company's stockholders,
and unanimously recommends that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

    For
purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn as, if and when the
Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to the Offer. On the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer,
payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price with the Depositary, which will act as agent for tendering stockholders for the purpose of
receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting such payment to tendering stockholders. Under no circumstances will interest on the purchase price of Shares be paid by the Purchaser because of
any extension of the Offer or delay in making any payment. In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the
Depositary of (i) certificates for such Shares or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase, (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or manually
signed facsimile thereof) with any required signature guarantees or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and (iii) any
other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

    If,
by the Expiration Date (as defined below), any or all of the Offer Conditions have not been satisfied, the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, may elect to: (i) extend the
Offer and, subject to applicable withdrawal rights, retain all tendered Shares until the expiration of the Offer, as extended, (ii) waive all of the unsatisfied Offer Conditions (other than the
Minimum Condition and the condition that the Merger Agreement not be terminated in accordance with its terms) and subject to complying 

with applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), accept for payment all Shares so tendered, or (iii) terminate the Offer and not accept for payment
any Shares and return all tendered Shares to tendering stockholders. The term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Monday, February 11, 2002, unless the Purchaser
shall have extended the period of time for which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser
shall expire. The Purchaser does not currently intend to make a subsequent offering period available following the Expiration Date pursuant to Rule 14d-11 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), although it reserves the right to do so if it obtains the written consent of the Company. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement and applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC, the Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, at any time or from time to time, to extend the Offer by giving oral or written notice of such
extension to the Depositary. During any such extension of the Offer, all Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a tendering stockholder
to withdraw such stockholder's Shares. Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to the Purchaser's obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly after the
termination or withdrawal of the Offer), to pay for any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, unless the Offer Conditions have been satisfied. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser reserves
the right to waive any condition to the Offer or to modify the terms of the Offer, except that, without the written consent of the Company, the purchaser will not (i) reduce the number of
Shares subject to the Offer, (ii) reduce the price per Share to be paid pursuant to the Offer, (iii) change or waive the Minimum Condition, add to the Offer Conditions or modify the
Offer Conditions in any manner adverse to the holders of Shares, (iv) except as described below, extend the Offer, (v) change the form of consideration payable in the Offer or
(vi) otherwise amend the Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of Shares. 

    Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Purchaser may (but shall not be obligated to), without the consent of the Company, (i) extend the Offer for one or more periods of time
(which, without the written consent of the Company, shall not exceed ten days per extension) that the Purchaser reasonably believes are necessary to cause the Offer Conditions to be satisfied, if at
the scheduled expiration date of the Offer any of the Offer Conditions are not satisfied, until such time as such Offer Conditions are satisfied or waived, (ii) extend the Offer for any period
required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer, or (iii) extend the Offer on one or more occasions for an aggregate period
of not more than ten business days if the Minimum Condition has been satisfied but fewer than 90% of the Shares have been validly tendered and not withdrawn. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, if all
of the Offer Conditions are not satisfied on any scheduled Expiration Date, then the Purchaser will from time to time and on each such occurrence extend the Offer for a period of time (which, without
the written consent of the Company, shall not exceed ten days per extension) that the Purchaser reasonably believes is necessary to cause the Offer Conditions to be satisfied until such conditions are
satisfied or waived, provided that, so long as Parent and the Purchaser shall have complied with their obligations under the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser shall not be required to extend the Offer
beyond the twentieth business day following March 31, 2002, as such date may be extended pursuant to the Merger Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the
Purchaser may extend the Offer on one occasion by seven days under certain circumstances described in the Offer to Purchase. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including the
Offer Conditions and, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment), the Purchaser will accept for payment, and will pay for, all Shares validly
tendered and not withdrawn promptly after the expiration of the Offer. If there is
a subsequent offering period, all Shares tendered during the subsequent offering period will be immediately accepted for payment and paid for as they are tendered. Shares tendered in any subsequent
offering period and accepted for payment may not be withdrawn. The Purchaser confirms that its reservation of the right to delay payment for Shares which it has accepted for payment is limited by
Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires that a tender offeror pay the 

consideration offered or return the tendered securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal of a tender offer. 

    Any
decision to provide a subsequent offering period will be announced no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day following the expiration of the
Offering Period and the Purchaser will announce the approximate number and percentage of Shares deposited as of the expiration of the Offer no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the
next business day following the expiration of the Offer and such securities will be immediately accepted and promptly paid for. 

    Tenders
of the Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable except that Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time prior to the expiration of the Offer
and, unless theretofore accepted for payment by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after Thursday, March 14, 2002. There will be no withdrawal rights during
any subsequent offering period for any Shares tendered during the subsequent offering period. For a withdrawal of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer to be effective, a written, telegraphic, telex
or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. Any notice of withdrawal must
specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name in which the certificates representing such Shares are registered if different
from that of the person who tendered the Shares. If certificates for Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, the name of the registered holder and the
serial numbers of the particular certificates evidencing the Shares to be withdrawn must also be furnished to the Depositary as aforesaid prior to the physical release of such certificates. All
questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, which determination shall be final and
binding. None of the Purchaser, Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of
withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give such notification. Withdrawals of tender for Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will be deemed not to have been
validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by following one of the procedures described in the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to the Expiration Date
or the expiration of any subsequent offering period. 

    Sales
of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the exchange of Shares for cash pursuant to the Merger will be taxable transactions for Federal income tax purposes and may also be taxable
under applicable state, local and other tax laws. For Federal income tax purposes, a stockholder whose Shares are purchased pursuant to the Offer or who receives cash as a result of the Merger will
realize gain or loss equal to the difference between the adjusted basis of the Shares sold or exchanged and the amount of cash
received therefor. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss if the Shares are held as capital assets by the stockholder. Capital gain of a non-corporate stockholder is generally
subject to a maximum tax rate of 20% in respect of property held for more than one year. The income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and may not be applicable to
stockholders in special situations such as stockholders who received their shares upon the exercise of stock options or otherwise as compensation, stockholders who are not United States persons and
stockholders who are traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities holdings. Stockholders should consult their own tax
advisors with respect to the specific tax consequences to them of the Offer and the Merger, including the application and effect of Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax laws. 

    The
information required to be disclosed by Paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act is contained in the
Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by reference. 

    The
Company has provided to the Purchaser its list of stockholders and security position listing for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of Shares. The Offer to
Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other related materials will be mailed to record holders of Shares and will be mailed to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and similar
persons whose names, or the names 

of whose nominees, appear on the stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of
Shares. 

    The
Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain important information that should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 

    Questions
and requests for assistance and copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and all other tender offer materials may be directed to the Information Agent at
its address and telephone number set forth below, and will be furnished promptly at the Purchaser's expense. The Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or any other
person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

    The
Information Agent for the Offer is: 

MACKENZIE
PARTNERS (LOGO)

105 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10016

(212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)

E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com 

or 

Call
Toll-Free (800) 322-2885 

January 14,

EX-99.D1

a2067573zex-99_d1.htm

EXHIBIT 99(D)(1)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

EXHIBIT (d)(1)    

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

    Among

    MATRIX PHARMACEUTICAL, INC.,

    CHIRON CORPORATION,

    and

    MANON ACQUISITION CORP.

    Dated as of January 6,

ARTICLE I

THE OFFER

Section 1.01.

The Offer

Section 1.02.

Company Actions

Section 1.03.

Directors of the Company

ARTICLE II

THE MERGER

Section 2.01.

The Merger

Section 2.02.

Closing

Section 2.03.

Effective Time

Section 2.04.

Effects of The Merger

Section 2.05.

Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws

Section 2.06.

Directors

Section 2.07.

Officers

Section 2.08.

Effect on Capital Stock

Section 2.09.

Options

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 3.01.

Representations and Warranties of the Company

Section 3.02.

Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

Section 4.01.

Interim Operations

Section 4.02.

No Solicitation

Section 4.03.

Meetings of Company's Stockholders

Section 4.04.

Restrictions on Parent and the Company

Section 4.05.

Filings; Other Actions

Section 4.06.

Access

Section 4.07.

Notification of Certain Matters

Section 4.08.

Publicity

Section 4.09.

Takeover Statutes

Section 4.10.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Section 4.11.

Expenses and Fees

Section 4.12.

Section 16 Matters

Section 4.13.

Employee Benefits

Section 4.14.

Further Assurances

Section 4.15.

Merger Sub

Section 4.16.

Sale of Facilities

Section 4.17.

Employee Retention

Section 4.18.

Certain Matters

ARTICLE V

CONDITIONS

Section 5.01.

Conditions to Obligations of Each Party

ARTICLE VI

TERMINATION

Section 6.01.

Termination

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.01.

Effect Of Termination

Section 7.02.

Non-Survival Of Representations And Warranties

Section 7.03.

Notices

Section 7.04.

Interpretation

Section 7.05.

Miscellaneous

Section 7.06.

Counterparts

Section 7.07.

Amendments; Extensions

Section 7.08.

Entire Agreement

Section 7.09.

Severability

Section 7.10.

Specific Performance

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    

    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of January 6, 2002 (this "
Agreement
"), by and among Chiron
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("
Parent
"), Manon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
("
Merger Sub
"), and Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "
Company
"). 

    WHEREAS,
the respective boards of directors of each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have approved the acquisition of the Company by Parent on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement; 

    WHEREAS,
in furtherance thereof, Parent proposes to cause Merger Sub to make a tender offer (as it may be amended from time to time as permitted under this Agreement (the
"
Offer
")) to purchase all the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01, of the Company (the "
Company Common
Stock
"), at a purchase price per share of $2.21, calculated assuming total consideration to be paid by Parent of $61 million for all shares of Company Common Stock
determined on a fully diluted basis (such price, or any greater amount paid per share of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, herein referred to as the "
Offer
Price
"), net to the seller in cash, without interest on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; 

    WHEREAS,
the respective boards of directors of each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have approved the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company following the consummation
of the Offer, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby each issued share of Company Common Stock not owned by Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, other than the
Appraisal Shares (as defined in Section 2.08(d)), shall be converted into the right to receive the price per share paid pursuant to the Offer; and 

    WHEREAS,
the Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with this Agreement. 

    NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I

    THE OFFER    

    Section 1.01.
  The Offer.

    (a) Subject
to the conditions of this Agreement and provided that this Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with its terms pursuant to
Article VI hereof and none of the events set forth in paragraphs (a) through (f) of Exhibit A hereto shall have occurred or be existing, as promptly as reasonably
practicable, but in no event later than six business days after the date of the public announcement of this Agreement Merger Sub shall, and Parent shall cause Merger Sub to, commence the Offer within
the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "
SEC
"). The obligations of Merger Sub to, and of
Parent to cause Merger Sub to, accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of Company Common Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer are subject to the conditions set forth in Exhibit A. The
initial expiration date of the Offer shall be the 20th business day following the commencement of the Offer. Merger Sub expressly reserves the right to waive any condition to the Offer or modify the
terms of the Offer, except that, without the prior written consent of the Company, Merger Sub shall not (i) reduce the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to the Offer,
(ii) reduce the price per share of Company Common Stock to be paid pursuant to the Offer, (iii) change or waive the Minimum Tender Condition (as defined in Exhibit A), add to the
conditions set forth in Exhibit A or modify any condition set forth in Exhibit A in any manner adverse to the holders of Company Common Stock, (iv) except as provided below in
this Section 1.01(a), extend the Offer, (v) change the form of consideration payable in the Offer or (vi) otherwise amend the Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of Company
Common 

Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Merger Sub may (but shall not be obligated to), without the consent of the Company, (A) extend the Offer for one or more periods of time (which, without
the written consent of the Company, shall not exceed ten days per extension) that Merger Sub reasonably believes are necessary to cause the conditions of the Offer set forth herein to be satisfied, if
at the scheduled expiration date of the Offer any of the conditions to Merger Sub's obligation to purchase shares of Company Common Stock are not satisfied, until such time as such conditions are
satisfied or waived, (B) extend the Offer for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer or
(C) extend the Offer on one or more occasions for an aggregate period of not more than ten business days if the Minimum Tender Condition has been satisfied but fewer than 90% of the shares of
the Company Common Stock have been validly tendered and not withdrawn. Parent and Merger Sub agree that if all of the conditions to the Offer are not satisfied on any scheduled expiration date of the
Offer, then Merger Sub shall from time to time and on each such occurrence extend the Offer for a period of time (which, without the written consent of the Company, shall not exceed ten days per
extension) that Merger Sub reasonably believes is necessary to cause the conditions of the Offer set forth herein to be satisfied until such
conditions are satisfied or waived, 
provided
 that, so long as Parent and Merger Sub shall have complied with their obligations under this Agreement,
Merger Sub shall not be required to extend the Offer beyond the Drop Dead Date (as defined in Section 6.01(b)). Merger Sub may, with the written consent of the Company, elect to provide a
subsequent offering period for the Offer in accordance with Rule 14d-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "
Exchange
Act
"), following its acceptance for payment of shares of Company Common Stock in the Offer. Parent and Merger Sub agree that if the transaction contemplated by
Section 4.16 with respect to the Company's San Diego facility has not been consummated on or prior to any scheduled expiration date of the Offer, then Merger Sub shall extend the Offer for
seven calendar days; 
provided
 that Merger Sub shall have no obligation to so extend the Offer more than once. On the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Offer and this Agreement, promptly after expiration of the Offer, Merger Sub shall, and Parent shall cause Merger Sub to, accept for payment and purchase all shares of Company Common Stock
validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer that Merger Sub is permitted to accept and pay for under applicable law. 

    (b) On
the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall file with the SEC, and cause to be disseminated to the Company's stockholders, as and to the
extent required by applicable Federal securities laws, a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with respect to the Offer, which shall contain an offer to purchase and a related letter of transmittal
and summary advertisement (such Schedule TO and the documents included therein pursuant to which the Offer will be made, together with any supplements or amendments thereto, the
"
Offer Documents
"). Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall promptly correct any information provided by it for use in the Offer Documents if
and to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect, and each of Parent and Merger Sub shall take all steps necessary to amend or supplement the Offer
Documents and to cause the Offer Documents as so amended or supplemented to be filed with the SEC and the Offer Documents as so amended or supplemented to be disseminated to the Company's
stockholders, in each case as and to the extent required by or deemed advisable under applicable Federal securities laws. The Company and its counsel shall be given reasonable opportunity to review
and comment upon the Offer Documents prior to their filing with the SEC or dissemination to the stockholders of the Company. Parent and Merger Sub shall provide to the Company and its counsel in
writing any written comments (and orally, any oral comments), Parent, Merger Sub or their counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after the receipt
of such comments and shall consult with the Company and its counsel prior to responding to any such comments. 

    (c) Parent shall provide or cause to be provided to Merger Sub on a timely basis the funds necessary to purchase any shares of Company Common Stock that Merger Sub
becomes obligated to purchase pursuant to the Offer. 

    Section 1.02.
  Company Actions.

    (a) The
Company hereby approves of and consents to the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company hereby consents to the
inclusion in the Offer Documents of the recommendation of the Company's board of directors described in Section 3.01(b)(ii). 

    (b) Subject
to Section 4.02(d), on the date the Offer Documents are filed with the SEC, the Company shall file with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the Offer (such Schedule 14D-9, as amended or supplemented from time to time, the
"
Schedule 14D-9
") containing the recommendations referred to in Section 3.01(b)(ii) and shall mail the
Schedule 14D-9 to the holders of Company Common Stock. Each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly correct any information provided by it for use in the
Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect, and the Company shall take all steps necessary to amend or
supplement the Schedule 14D-9 and to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as so amended or supplemented to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to the Company's
stockholders, in each case as and to the extent required by or deemed advisable under applicable Federal securities laws. Parent and its counsel shall be given reasonable opportunity to review and
comment upon the Schedule 14D-9 prior to its filing with the SEC or dissemination to stockholders of the Company. The Company shall provide Parent and its counsel in writing with
any written comments (and orally, any oral comments) the Company or its counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after the receipt
of such comments and shall consult with Parent and its counsel prior to responding to such comments. 

    (c) In
connection with the Offer and the Merger, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to furnish Merger Sub promptly with mailing labels containing the names and
addresses of the record holders of Company Common Stock as of a recent date and of those persons becoming record holders subsequent to such date, together with copies of all lists of stockholders,
security position listings and computer files and all other information in the Company's possession or control regarding the beneficial owners of Company Common Stock, and shall furnish to Merger Sub
such information and assistance (including updated lists of stockholders, security position listings and computer files) as Parent may reasonably request in communicating the Offer to the Company's
stockholders. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, and except for such steps as are necessary to disseminate the Offer Documents and any other documents necessary to consummate the Offer,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub shall hold in confidence the information contained in any such labels, listings and files, shall use such
information only in connection with the Offer and the Merger and, if this Agreement shall be terminated, shall, upon request, deliver to the Company all copies of such information then in their
possession. 

    Section 1.03.
  Directors of the Company.
  Promptly upon the purchase of and payment for shares of
Company Common Stock by Merger Sub or any of its affiliates pursuant to the Offer, Parent shall be entitled to designate such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Board of
Directors of the Company as is equal to the product obtained by multiplying the total number of directors on such Board (giving effect to the directors designated by Parent pursuant to this sentence)
by the percentage that the number of shares of Company Common Stock so purchased and paid for, plus any shares beneficially owned by Parent or its affiliates on the date of such purchase and payment,
bears to the total number of shares of Company Common Stock then outstanding. In furtherance thereof, the Company shall, upon request of Parent, promptly increase the size of its Board of Directors or
exercise its best efforts to secure the resignations of such number of directors, or both, as 

is necessary to enable Parent's designees to be so elected to the Company's Board and, subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder,
shall cause Parent's designees to be so elected. At such time, the Company shall, if requested by Parent, also cause directors designated by Parent to constitute at least the same percentage (rounded
up to the next whole number) as is on the Company's Board of Directors of each committee of the Company's Board of Directors, the board of directors of the Subsidiary (as defined in
Section 3.01(m)) of the Company and each committee of such board (to the extent of the Company's ability to elect such persons). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if shares of Company Common Stock
are purchased pursuant to the Offer, there shall be until the Effective Time at least two members of the Company's Board of Directors who are directors on the date hereof and are not employees of the
Company. 

    (a) The
Company shall promptly take all actions required pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder
in order to fulfill its obligations under Section 1.02, including mailing to stockholders together with the Schedule 14D-9 the information required by such
Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 as is necessary to enable Parent's designees to be elected to the Company's Board of Directors. Parent and Merger Sub will supply the Company and
be solely responsible for any information with respect to them and their nominees, officers, directors and affiliates required by such Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1. 

    (b) Following
the election of Parent's designees to the Company's Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 1.03, prior to the Effective Time (i) any
amendment or termination of this Agreement by the Company, (ii) any extension or waiver by the Company of the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of Parent or
Merger Sub under this Agreement, or (iii) any waiver of any of the Company's rights hereunder shall, in any such case, require the concurrence of a majority of the directors of the Company then
in office who neither were designated by Parent nor are employees of the Company (the "
Independent Director Approval
"). 

ARTICLE II

    THE MERGER    

    Section 2.01.
  The Merger.
  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, and in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "
DGCL
"), Merger Sub shall be merged (the
"
Merger
") with and into the Company at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.03). At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence
of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation (the "
Surviving Corporation
") and shall succeed to and assume all
the rights and obligations of Merger Sub in accordance with the DGCL. 

    Section 2.02.
  Closing.
  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
the closing of the Merger (the "
Closing
") shall take place at 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the second business day after the satisfaction or (to
the extent permitted by applicable law) waiver of the conditions set forth in Article V (other than those conditions to be satisfied or waived at the Closing), at the offices of
Sullivan & Cromwell, 1888 Century Park East, Los Angeles, California 90067, or at such other time, date or place agreed to in writing by Parent and the Company. The date on which the Closing
occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the "
Closing Date
". 

    Section 2.03.
  Effective Time.
  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, as soon as practicable on or after the Closing Date, a certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (in any such case, the "
Certificate of
Merger
") shall be duly prepared, executed and acknowledged by the parties in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL and filed with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware. The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such subsequent time or date (not later
than 90 days after the date of filing) as Parent and the Company shall agree 

and specify in the Certificate of Merger. The time at which the Merger becomes effective is referred to in this Agreement as the "
Effective Time
". 

    Section 2.04.
  Effects of The Merger.
  The Merger shall have the effects set forth in
Section 259 of the DGCL. 

    Section 2.05.
  Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws.

    (a) At
the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended in its entirety to read as the certificate of incorporation of
Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law; 
provided,
however
, that the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall provide that the Surviving Corporation shall be named "Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc." and
shall contain indemnification provisions consistent with the obligations set forth in Section 4.10. 

    (b) The
by-laws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law; 
provided
 that the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation shall contain
indemnification provisions consistent with the obligations set forth in Section 4.10. 

    Section 2.06.
  Directors.
  The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. 

    Section 2.07.
  Officers.
  The officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. 

    Section 2.08.
  Effect on Capital Stock.
  At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of capital stock of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub: 

    (a)
  Capital Stock of Merger Sub.
  Each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Merger Sub, par
value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving
Corporation. 

    (b)
  Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock.
  Each share of Company Common Stock that is
owned by the Company (as treasury stock), Parent or any subsidiary of Parent (including Merger Sub) immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease
to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor. 

    (c)
  Conversion of Company Common Stock.
  Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be cancelled in accordance with Section 2.08(b)) and the Appraisal Shares shall be converted into the right to receive from the
Surviving Corporation in cash, without interest, the Offer Price (the "
Merger Consideration
"). At the Effective Time, all such shares shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such shares (a
"
Certificate
") shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration. 

    (d)
  Appraisal Rights.
  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares (the
"
Appraisal Shares
") of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are held by any holder who is entitled
to demand and properly demands appraisal of such shares pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL
("
Section 262
") shall not be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration as 

provided in Section 2.08(c), but instead such holder shall be entitled to payment of the fair value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 262. At the Effective
Time, all Appraisal Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of Appraisal Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect
thereto, except the right to receive the fair value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 262. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such holder shall fail to perfect or
otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under Section 262 or a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief provided by
Section 262, then the right of such holder to be paid the fair value of such holder's Appraisal Shares under Section 262 shall cease and such Appraisal Shares shall be deemed to have
been converted at the Effective Time into, and shall have become, the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.08(c). The Company shall serve prompt notice to Parent
of any demands for appraisal of any shares of Company Common Stock, and Parent shall have the opportunity to participate in and direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands.
Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands, or agree to do any of
the foregoing. 

    (e)
  Exchange of Certificates; Paying Agent.
  Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall designate, or
shall cause to be designated, a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as agent for the payment of the Merger Consideration upon surrender of Certificates (the
"
Paying Agent
"), and, from time to time after the Effective Time, Parent shall provide, or cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, to the Paying
Agent funds in amounts and at the times necessary for the payment of the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.08(c) upon surrender of Certificates, it being understood that any and all
interest or income earned on funds made available to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall be turned over to Parent. 

    (f)
  Exchange Procedure.
  As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent
shall mail to each holder of record of a Certificate (i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates
held by such person shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in customary form and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and
(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent or to
such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the
Paying Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the amount of cash into which the shares formerly represented by such Certificate shall have been
converted pursuant to Section 2.08(c), and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock that is not registered in
the stock transfer books of the Company, the proper amount of cash may be paid in exchange therefor to a person other than the person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such
Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the payment to a
person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of Parent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on
the cash payable upon surrender of any Certificate. 

    (g)
  No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.
  All cash paid upon the surrender of a
Certificate in accordance with the terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been paid in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by such Certificate. At the close of business on the day on which the Effective Time occurs the stock
transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock 

that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent for transfer or any other
reason, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this Article II. 

    (h)
  No Liability.
  None of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any
person in respect of any cash delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. All funds held by the Paying Agent for payment to the holders of
unsurrendered Certificates and unclaimed at the end of one year after the Effective Time shall be returned to the Surviving Corporation, after which time any holder of unsurrendered Certificates shall
look as a general creditor only to Parent for payment of such funds to which such holder may be due, subject to applicable law. 

    (i)
  Lost Certificates.
  If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of
an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable
amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent shall pay in respect of such lost, stolen
or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration. 

    (j)
  Withholding Rights.
  Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock such amounts as Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying
Agent is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"
Code
"), or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing
authority by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company
Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent. 

    Section 2.09.
  Options.

    (a) At
the Effective Time, (i) each holder of options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock granted under the Company's 1988 Restricted Stock Plan, as
amended and restated effective March 19,
1997 and amended February 8, 2001, and its 1991 Directors Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated effective March 19, 1997 and amended February 8, 2001 (collectively, the
"
Company Stock Option Plans
") or otherwise (each, a "
Company Option
") issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be entitled to receive, in full satisfaction of each such Company Option, cash in an amount equal to the product of (A) the excess, if any, of the Offer Price
over the exercise price per share thereof and (B) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option and (ii) in accordance with the terms of the Company Stock
Option Plans and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, each Company Option not eligible for the payment under clause (i) above shall be cancelled and shall become null and void. 

    (b) The
Company shall make the payment of the amount determined pursuant to Section 2.10(a)(i) above to holders of Company Options as soon as reasonably
practicable following the Effective Time, but in no event later than five business days following the Effective Time. 

ARTICLE III

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES    

    Section 3.01.
  Representations and Warranties of the Company.
  The Company hereby represents and
warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that, except as set forth in the correspondingly numbered sections of the disclosure schedule, dated the date hereof, delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger
Sub (the "
Company Disclosure Schedule
"): 

    (a)
  Corporate Organization and Qualification.
  The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the properties owned, leased or operated, or the
business conducted, by it require such qualification, except for such failure to so qualify or be in such good standing would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. The Company has made available to Parent a complete and correct copy of the
Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws, each as amended to date (the "
Certificate of
Incorporation
" and "
By-Laws
," respectively). The Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws so delivered
are in full force and effect. As used in this Agreement, a "
Company Material Adverse Effect
" means (i) any change or event that has a material
adverse effect on the financial condition, properties, business or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiary taken as a whole which could reasonably be expected to result in aggregate
losses, damages, diminutions in value, judgments, orders, decrees, awards, penalties or fines of $6 million or more or (ii) any change or event
that, individually or in the aggregate, has a material adverse effect on the prospects of the business of the Company and its Subsidiary related to its tezacitabine program, 

provided
 that for the
purposes of this clause (ii) the term "material" shall be interpreted objectively, without reference to the use of the word
"material" or any other materiality threshold in any of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. 

    (b)
  Authority; Approvals.

    (i)  The
Company has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to the approval of the stockholders of the Company if required by the
DGCL (the "
Company Stockholder Approval
"), to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been approved by the Board of
Directors of the Company, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement or, except for the Company Stockholder
Approval, the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery hereof by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that such
enforcement may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to enforcement of creditors' rights generally and
(ii) general equitable principles. 

    (ii) The
Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly called and held, duly and unanimously, by all those present, adopted resolutions that are still in full
force and effect as of the date hereof, (i) approving and declaring advisable the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) declaring that it is in
the best interests of the Company's stockholders that the Company enter into this Agreement and consummate the Offer and the Merger on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, (iii) recommending that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer, tender their shares pursuant to the Offer and adopt this Agreement (if required by applicable law),
(iv) approving the acquisition of the shares of the Company Common Stock by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (v) exempting
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby from the restrictions of Section 203 of the DGCL. 

    (c)
  Governmental Filings; No Violations.

    (i)  Other
than (i) the filings by the Company required by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "
HSR
Act
"), (ii) the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (iii) the filing and recordation of appropriate
merger documents as required by the DGCL, and (iv) any filing with or approvals from authorities required solely by virtue of the jurisdictions in which Parent or its subsidiaries conduct any
business or own any assets (the filings and approvals referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) collectively referred to as the "
Regulatory
Filings
"), no notices, reports or other filings are required to be made by the Company or its Subsidiary with, nor are any consents, registrations, approvals, permits or
authorizations required to be obtained by the Company or its Subsidiary from, any governmental or regulatory authority, agency, commission or other entity, domestic or foreign
("
Governmental Entity
"), in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby, other than such notices, reports or other filings which are not material and which, if not made or obtained, individually and in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be likely to impair in any material respect the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement or prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or subject Parent, Merger Sub, the Company, its Subsidiary or any of their officers, directors or employees to any criminal liability. 

    (ii) Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiary is (y) in violation of or default under any provisions of its respective certificate of incorporation or
by-laws or (z) in violation of or default under any provision of any instrument, agreement or contract to which it is a party or by which it is bound, which violation or default
under this clause (z) would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiary are and have been in compliance in all material respects
with all federal or state judgments, orders, writs, decrees, statutes, rules or regulations applicable to the Company or its Subsidiary, except for such noncompliance as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company do not, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement will not, constitute or result in (A) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or its Subsidiary,
(B) a breach or violation of, a default under or the triggering of any payment or other material obligations pursuant to, any of the Company's or its Subsidiary's existing Compensation and
Benefit Plans (as defined in Section 3.01(j)) or any grant or award made under any of the foregoing, (C) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the acceleration of or the creation
of a lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance on assets (with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time) pursuant to, any provision of any agreement, lease, contract, note,
mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation (a "
Contract
") to which the Company or its Subsidiary is a party or by or to which the Company, its
Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or assets is bound or subject or any law, rule, ordinance or regulation or judgment, decree, order, award or governmental or
non-governmental permit or license to which the Company or its Subsidiary is subject or (D) any change in the rights or obligations of any party under any of the Contracts, except,
in the case of clause (C) or (D) above, for such breaches, violations, defaults, accelerations or changes that, alone or in the aggregate, would not have a Company Material
Adverse Effect or that could not result in the creation of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or its Subsidiary or that could not prevent, materially delay or
materially burden the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

    (d)
  Capital Structure.
  The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 60,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock, of which 26,537,830 shares were outstanding at the close of 

business on December 31, 2001, (ii) and 1,009,126 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "
Preferred Shares
"), none of
which were outstanding on the date hereof. All of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to
preemptive rights. The Company has no shares of Company Common Stock or Preferred Shares reserved for issuance, except that, as of December 31, 2001, there were (i) 1,009,126 shares of
Preferred Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated May 18, 1995, as amended (the "
Company Rights Agreement
"), between
the Company and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the "
Company Rights Agent
"), (ii) 5,273,750 shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance
pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans, (iii) 700,000 shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as effective
July 1, 1999 (the "
1999 Stock Purchase Plan
") and (iv) 494,674 shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the
Company's existing 401(k) Plan (the "401(k) Plan"). As of the date of this Agreement, except (i) 1,009,126 shares of Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the Company Rights Agreement,
(ii) 4,476,668 shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Company Options, (iii) 426,811 shares of Company Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Company's 1999 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan and (iv) 95,846 shares of Company Common Stock issuable pursuant to the 401(k) Plan, and as disclosed in this Section 3.01(d), there are no options, warrants, calls,
rights, commitments or agreements of any character to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound obligating the Company to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold,
additional shares of capital stock of the Company or obligating the Company to grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement. After the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation will have no obligation to issue, transfer or sell any securities of the Surviving Corporation pursuant to any. The Board of Directors of the Company has taken all action to
amend the Company Rights Agreement (subject only to execution of such amendment by the Company Rights Agent) to provide that, for so long as this Agreement is in full force and effect, (i) none
of the Parent and its subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) shall become an "Acquiring Person" and no "Share Acquisition Date" shall occur as a result of the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (ii) no "Distribution Date" shall occur as a result of the announcement of or the execution of this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby and (iii) each of Parent and Merger Sub will not be an Acquiring Person as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby (each of "Acquiring Person," "Share
Acquisition Date" and "Distribution Date" as defined in the Company Rights Agreement). 

    (e)
  Company Reports; Financial Statements.
  The Company has filed with SEC and delivered to Parent the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (the "
2000 Form 10-K
") and any
other registration statements, schedules, reports, proxy statements or information statements filed or required to be filed since December 31, 2000 (collectively, the
"
Company Reports
"). As of their respective dates, except as amended or supplemented prior to the date hereof, the Company Reports
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "
Securities Act
"), or the Exchange Act, as the
case may be, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company Reports, and the Company Reports did not, and any Company Reports filed with the SEC subsequent to the date
hereof will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the Company Reports comply as to form in all material respect with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (except, in the case of unaudited
statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present the
financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and its results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of 

unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). The Company has delivered to Parent a copy of the financial statements included in the 2000 Form 10-K
(including an auditor's opinion). Except as set forth in the Company Reports, to the Company's knowledge, neither the Company nor its Subsidiary have any liabilities or obligations of any nature
(whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) required by generally accepted accounting principles to be set forth on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company or in the notes thereto, other
than liabilities and obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice and experience since December 31, 2000. 

    (f)
  Offer Documents; Proxy Statement.
  Neither the Schedule 14D-9 nor any information
supplied by the Company for inclusion in the Offer Documents will, at the respective times the Schedule 14D-9, the Offer Documents or any amendments or supplements thereto are filed
with the SEC or are first published, sent or given to stockholders of the Company, as the case may be, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement (as defined in
Section 3.02(f)) will not, on the date the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) is first mailed to stockholders of the Company, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact, or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading and will not, at the time of the Company Meeting (as defined in Section 3.02(f)), omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any statement in any earlier communication with
respect to the solicitation of proxies for the Company Meeting which shall have become false or misleading in any material respect. The Schedule 14D-9 and the Proxy Statement will,
when filed by the Company with the SEC, comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to information supplied by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub which is contained in any of the foregoing documents. 

    (g)
  Absence of Certain Changes or Events; Undisclosed Liabilities.

    (i)  Except
as disclosed in the Company Reports filed with the SEC and publicly available prior to the date hereof, since December 31, 2000, the Company and its
Subsidiary have conducted their respective businesses only in, and neither has engaged in any transaction other than according to, the ordinary and usual course of such business and there has not been
(A) any change in the assets, liabilities, financial condition, operating results or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiary taken as a whole from that reflected in the financial statements
contained in the 2000 Form 10-K, except changes in the ordinary course of business, including losses from operations, which have not been, in the aggregate, materially adverse;
(B) any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, having a Company Material Adverse Effect; (C) any waiver by the Company or its Subsidiary of a valuable right or
of any debt owed to it; (D) any satisfaction or discharge of any lien, claim or encumbrance or payment of any obligation by the Company or its Subsidiary, except in the ordinary course of
business and which is not material to the assets, properties, financial condition, operating results or business of the Company or its Subsidiary (as such business is presently conducted);
(E) any change or amendment to a material Contract by which the Company or its Subsidiary or any of its assets or properties is bound or subject; (F) any change in any compensation
arrangement or agreement with any executive officer or director or any material change in any compensation arrangement or agreement with any other employee or any consultant; (G) any
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to any of the Company's capital stock; or (H) any split,
combination or reclassification of any of its capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
capital stock. Except as set forth in the Company Reports, since December 31, 2000, there has not 

been (x) any granting by the Company to any officer of the Company of any increase in compensation, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice or as was required
under employment agreements in effect on December 31, 2000, (y) any granting by the Company to any such officer of any increase in severance or termination pay, except as was required
under any employment, severance or termination agreements in effect on December 31, 2000, or (z) any entry by the Company into any employment, severance or termination agreement with any
such officer. 

    (ii) The
Company and its Subsidiary have no liabilities (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, and whether due or to become due, probable of assertion or
not), except for (a) liabilities which have been discharged or paid in full prior to the date hereof, (b) liabilities fully reflected and expressly reserved for in the financial
statements included in the 2000 Form 10-K and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001 and the notes thereto,
(c) liabilities of a type not required to be reflected in the Company's or its Subsidiary's balance sheet in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and
(d) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business since September 30, 2001. 

    (h)
  Litigation.
  There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Company's
knowledge, currently threatened against the Company or its Subsidiary. The foregoing includes, without limitation, actions pending or threatened involving the prior employment of any of the Company's
employees, their use in connection with the Company's business of any information or techniques allegedly proprietary to any of their former employers, or their obligations under any agreements with
prior employers. The Company and its Subsidiary are not parties or subject to the provisions of any order (except as imposed by laws of general application), writ, injunction, judgment or decree
(except as imposed by laws of general application) of any court or government agency or instrumentality. 

    (i)
  Product Liability.
  No product liability claims have been asserted in a writing given to the Company
or its Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or its Subsidiary relating to products or product candidates developed, tested, manufactured, marketed,
distributed or sold by the Company or its Subsidiary. Except as described in the Company Reports filed prior to the date hereof, there is no judgment, order or decree outstanding against the Company
or its Subsidiary. 

    (j)
  Employee Benefits.

    (i)  Section 3.01(j)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a list of all benefit and compensation plans, contracts, policies or arrangements covering
current or former employees of the Company and its Subsidiary (the "
Employees
") and current or former directors of the Company, in connection with which
or as a result of which the Company or its Subsidiary has any current or future obligations or liabilities, including, but not limited to, "employee benefit plans" within the meaning of
Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("
ERISA
"), and deferred compensation, stock option, stock
purchase, stock appreciation rights, stock based, incentive and bonus plans (the "
Compensation and Benefit Plans
"). True and complete copies of all
Compensation and Benefit Plans listed on Section 3.01(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, including, but not limited to, any trust instruments and insurance contracts forming a part of any
Compensation and Benefit Plans, and all amendments thereto have been provided or made available to Parent. 

    (ii) All
Compensation and Benefit Plans covering Employees which are subject to ERISA (the "
ERISA Plans
") are in
substantial compliance with ERISA. Each ERISA Plan which is an "employee pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA ("
Pension
Plan
") and which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service, and the
Company is not aware of any circumstances likely to result in revocation of any such favorable determination letter or the loss of 

the qualification of such Pension Plan under Section 401(a) of the Code. Each ERISA Plan which is intended to be part of a voluntary employees' beneficiary association within the meaning of
Section 501(c)(9) of the Code has (a) received an opinion letter from the Internal Revenue Service recognizing its exempt status under Section 501(c)(9) of the Code and
(b) filed a timely notice with the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to Section 505(c) of the Code, and the Company is not aware of circumstances likely to result in the loss of the
exempt status of such ERISA Plan under Section 501(c)(9) of the Code. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiary has engaged in a transaction with respect to any ERISA Plan that, assuming the
taxable period of such transaction expired as of the date hereof, could subject the Company or its Subsidiary to a tax or penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of the Code or
Section 502(i) of ERISA in an amount which would be material. 

    (iii) No
liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by the Company or its Subsidiary with respect to any ongoing,
frozen or terminated "single-employer plan", within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently or formerly maintained by any of them, or the single-employer plan of any entity which
is considered one employer with the Company under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code (an "
ERISA Affiliate
"). 

    (iv) All
contributions required to be made under the terms of any Compensation and Benefit Plan have been timely made or have been reflected in the Company's financial
statements included in its reports filed with the SEC. Neither any Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate has an "accumulated funding deficiency" (whether or not waived)
within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and no ERISA Affiliate has an outstanding funding waiver. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiary has provided, or is
required to provide, security to any Pension Plan or to any single-employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code. 

    (v) There
is no material pending or, to the knowledge of the Company threatened, litigation relating to the Compensation and Benefit Plans. Neither the Company nor its
Subsidiary has any obligations for retiree health and life benefits under any ERISA Plan. The Company may amend or terminate any such Compensation and Benefit Plan at any time without incurring any
liability thereunder. 

    (vi) There
has been no amendment to, announcement by the Company or its Subsidiary relating to, or change in employee participation or coverage under, any Compensation
and Benefit Plan which would increase materially the expense of maintaining such Compensation and Benefit Plan above the level of the expense incurred therefor for the most recent fiscal year. Neither
the execution of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (a) entitle any employees of the Company or its Subsidiary to severance pay or any increase in
severance pay upon any termination of employment after the date hereof, (b) accelerate the time of payment or vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of
compensation or benefits under, increase the amount payable or trigger any other material obligation pursuant to, any of the Compensation and Benefit Plans, (c) limit or restrict the right of
the Company or, after the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, Parent to merge, amend or terminate any of the Compensation and Benefit Plans, (d) cause the Company or its
Subsidiary, to record additional compensation expense on its income statement with respect to any outstanding stock option or other equity-based award or (e) result in payments under any of the
Compensation and Benefit Plans which would not be deductible under Section 162(m) of the Code. 

    (vii) Neither
the Company nor its Subsidiary has made, is obligated to make, or is a party to any agreement that could reasonably be expected to obligate it to make,
any payments that are 

"parachute payments" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (determined without regard to whether any portion of such payment is reasonable compensation for personal services actually
rendered). 

    (k)
  Brokers and Finders.
  Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or employees has
employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or finders, fees in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, except that the Company has
employed Banc of America Securities LLC as its financial advisors, the arrangements with which have been disclosed in writing to Parent prior to the date hereof. 

    (l)
  Takeover Statutes.
  No "fair price", "moratorium", "control share acquisition" or other similar
antitakeover statute or regulation (each a "
Takeover Statute
") is applicable to the Merger, except for any such statutes or regulations as to which all
necessary action has been taken by the Company and its Board of Directors to permit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 

    (m)
  Subsidiary.
  Matrix Pharmaceutical Ltd. (the
"
Subsidiary
") is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the United Kingdom and is in good standing as a
foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the properties owned, leased or operated, or the business conducted, by it require such qualification, except for such failure to so qualify or be in
such good standing, which, when taken together with all other such failures, would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Subsidiary has the requisite corporate power and authority to carry
on its business as it is now being conducted. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Subsidiary are validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights and are owned
directly or indirectly by the Company. There are no subscriptions, options, warrants, voting trusts, proxies or other commitments, understandings, restrictions or arrangements relating to the
issuance, sale, voting or transfer of any shares of capital stock of the Subsidiary, including any right of conversion or exchange under any outstanding security, instrument or agreement. The Company
has no investment in any entity other than the Subsidiary. 

    (n)
  Invention and Secrecy.
  All current Fremont employees, all key San Diego employees and, to its
knowledge, all former key employees of the Company and its Subsidiary since January 1, 2000 have executed a Proprietary Information and Invention Agreement in the form previously furnished to
Parent. The Company, after reasonable investigation, is not aware that any employee is in violation thereof, and the Company will use its best efforts to prevent any such violation. 

    (o)
  Patents and Patent Applications.

    (i)  Section 3.01(o)(i) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all patents and patent applications owned by the Company or its Subsidiary (the
"
Company Patents
"). 

    (ii) Section 3.01(o)(ii) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all agreements pursuant to which any interest in any patents or patent applications
owned by any other Person (as defined in Section 6.01(f)) has been transferred by license, assignment or otherwise to the Company or its Subsidiary (the "
Company
In-Licenses
") (such patents and patent applications are referred to as the "
In-Licensed Patents
"). 

    (iii) Section 3.01(o)(iii) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all agreements pursuant to which any interest in any Company Patents or
In-Licensed Patents has been transferred by license, assignment or otherwise to any other Person (the "
Company Out-Licenses
"). 

    (iv) The
Company has no knowledge of, and neither the Company nor its Subsidiary has received any written (or, to the knowledge of the Company, oral) notice alleging
that, any infringement the Company or the Subsidiary has infringed any patents or patent applications or has misappropriated any trade secrets of any other Person. 

    (v) Subject to the Company Out-Licenses, the Company has the sole and exclusive rights to enforce, transfer in whole or in part by license, assignment or
otherwise, and enjoy the benefits of, without payment to any other person, the Company Patents; the Company has not received any written or, to the knowledge of the Company, oral notice challenging
the ownership, validity or enforceability of or making any other claim with respect to the Company Patents; and the Company Patents are free and clear of any lien, pledge, security interest or other
encumbrance other than Permitted Liens. As used herein, "
Permitted Liens
" means (A) liens securing liabilities for which adequate reserves are
included in the Company's and its Subsidiary's financial statements, to the extent so reserved, that do not materially interfere with the use of the property subject thereto, (B) liens for
Taxes not yet due and payable, or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (C) mechanic's liens, landlord's liens and warehouseman's liens securing obligations arising
in the ordinary course of business that are not more than 30 days past due or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (D) liens that, individually and in the
aggregate, do not and would not materially detract from the value of any of the property or assets of the Company or its Subsidiary or materially interfere with the use thereof as currently used. 

    (vi) Each
Company In-License is in full force and effect; and no breach or default or event which would (with the passage of time, or notice, or both)
constitute a breach or default thereunder by the Company or its Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto, exists and is continuing. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not (and will not give any Person a right to) terminate or modify the rights of the Company or its
Subsidiary and do not require any consent, approval, waiver or other action by any party to any such Company In-License. The Company has not received any written (or, to the knowledge of
the Company, oral) notice challenging the validity or enforceability of or making any other claim with respect to the In-Licensed Patents or the Company In-Licenses. 

    (vii) The
Company or its Subsidiary owns or has a license to all patents and patent applications used in connection with the business of the Company and its Subsidiary
as currently conducted and as currently contemplated to be conducted, the absence of which would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

    (p)
  Tezacitabine Data and Other Tezacitabine Know-How.

    (i)  Section 3.01(p)(i)(A)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all preclinical and clinical studies conducted by or on behalf of the Company relating to
tezacitabine. The Company owns all data arising out of such studies free and clear of any lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance. Section 3.01(p)(i)(B) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule lists all preclinical and clinical studies relating to tezacitabine which, to the knowledge of the Company, were conducted by or on behalf of Hoechst Marion Roussel, Inc. or its
successors ("
HMR
"). The Company has a worldwide (except Japan) exclusive license to all data arising out of such studies on the terms and conditions set
forth in the HMR License (as defined in Section 4.01). 

    (ii) The
Company owns all Company Know-How free and clear of any lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance and has a worldwide (except Japan)
exclusive license to all HMR Know-How on the terms and conditions set forth in the HMR License. As used herein, "
Company
Know-How
" means all information developed by or on behalf of the Company which relates to tezacitabine, including without limitation, all biological, chemical,
pharmacological, toxicological, clinical, regulatory, analytical, quality control and manufacturing data, records and other information (whether technical or commercial) and
"
HMR Know-How
" means "Know-How" as that term is defined in the HMR License. 

    (iii) The
HMR License is in full force and effect and is enforceable against the Company and HMR in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be
subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to enforcement of creditors' rights generally and (ii) general equitable
principles. Neither the Company nor HMR is in violation of or in default under (nor does there exist any condition which, upon the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would cause such a
violation of or default under or give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation, acceleration or loss of benefits with respect to) the HMR License. 

    (iv) To
the Company's knowledge, there is no third party-owned patent that would restrict the ability of the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any other
subsidiary of Parent from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing tezacitabine alone or in combination with 5-fluorouracil or cisplatin in any jurisdiction. 

    (q)
  Trademarks and Copyrights.

    (i)  Section 3.01(q)(i) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all Trademarks and Copyrights owned by the Company. Such Trademarks and Copyrights are
free and clear of any lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance other than Permitted Liens. Section 3.01(q)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of
registrations as well as all jurisdictions in which such Trademarks or Copyrights are registered or applied for and all registration and application numbers. As used herein,
"
Trademarks
" means trademarks, United States trademarks and trademark registrations, and trademark applications and tradenames. As used herein,
"
Copyrights
" means United States and foreign copyrights, registrations and applications. 

    (ii) Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written (or, to the knowledge of the Company, oral) notice challenging the Company's rights or making any
other claim with respect to any Trademarks or Copyrights. 

    (r)
  Title to Property and Assets.
  Each of the Company and its Subsidiary owns its respective property
and assets free and clear of all mortgages, liens, loans and encumbrances, except such encumbrances and liens which arise in the ordinary course of business and do not materially impair the Company's
or its Subsidiary's ownership or use of such property or assets. With respect to the property and assets leased by the Company or the Subsidiary, the Company or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, is
in compliance with such leases and, to the Company's knowledge, holds a valid leasehold interest free of any material liens, claims or encumbrances. 

    (s)
  Taxes.
  The Company and its Subsidiary have duly and timely (i) filed all material Tax
Returns as required by law and (ii) paid all Taxes shown as due on such Tax Returns. These Tax Returns and reports are true, correct and complete in all material respects. The Company and its
Subsidiary have paid all material Taxes and other assessments due prior to the time penalties would accrue thereon. The provision for Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiary as set forth in the most
recent balance sheet included in the financial statements forming a part of the 2000 Form 10-K is adequate for all material Taxes due or accrued as of the date thereof, whether or
not shown as being 

due on any Tax Returns. No claim for unpaid Taxes has become a lien or encumbrance of any kind against the property of the Company or its Subsidiary or is being asserted against the Company or its
Subsidiary; no audit of any Tax Return of the Company or its Subsidiary is being conducted by a taxing authority; and no extension of the statute of limitations for the assessment of any Taxes has
been granted by the Company or its Subsidiary and is currently in effect. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary will be required, as a result of (A) a change in accounting method for a Tax
period beginning on or before the Effective Time, to include any adjustment under Section 481(c) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law) in taxable income for any
Tax period beginning on or after the Effective Time, or (B) any "closing agreement" as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax
law), to include any item of income in or exclude any item of deduction from any Tax period beginning on or after the Effective Time. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary has ever been a member of
an affiliated, combined, consolidated or unitary Tax group for purposes of filing any Tax Return, other than, for purposes of filing consolidated U.S. Federal income Tax Returns, a group of which the
Company was the common parent. No closing agreements, private letter rulings, technical advice memoranda or similar agreement or rulings have been entered into or issued by any taxing authority with
respect to the Company or the Subsidiary. None of the Company, the Subsidiary, any of the Company or the Subsidiary's affiliates, or any predecessor to the Company or the Subsidiary has made with
respect to the Company, the Subsidiary, or any predecessor of the Company or the Subsidiary any consent under Section 341 of the Code. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary has been a party to
any distribution occurring during the last 3 years in which the parties to such distribution treated the distribution as one to which Section 355 of the Code (or any similar provision of
state, local or foreign law) applied. None of the assets of the Company or the Subsidiary is property that is required to be treated as being owned by any other person pursuant to the "safe harbor"
lease provisions of former Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954. No Tax is required to be withheld pursuant to Section 1445 of the Code as a result of the transfer
contemplated by this Agreement. For the purposes of this Section 3.01(s), (i) "
Tax Returns
" shall mean all reports and returns required to
be filed on or before the Effective Time with respect to the Taxes of the Company or the Subsidiary, including, without limitation, any consolidated federal income tax returns, sales, use and excise
tax returns and information returns, and (ii) "
Taxes
" shall mean all federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, windfall profits,
severance,
property, production, sales, use, license, excise, franchise, employment, unemployment, social security, withholding, backup withholding or similar taxes imposed on the income, properties or
operations of the Company or the Subsidiary, together with any interest, additions or penalties with respect thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties. 

    (t)
  Insurance.
  All material fire and casualty, general liability, business interruption, product
liability, and sprinkler and water damage insurance policies maintained by the Company or its Subsidiary are with reputable insurance carriers, provide full and adequate coverage for all normal risks
incident to the business of the Company and its Subsidiary and their respective properties and assets. 

    (u)
  Labor Agreements and Actions.
  Neither the Company nor its Subsidiary is bound by or subject to (and
none of its respective assets or properties is bound by or subject to) any written or oral, express or implied, contract, commitment or arrangement with any labor union, and no labor union has
requested or, to the knowledge of the Company, has sought to represent any of the employees of the Company or its Subsidiary. There is no strike or other labor dispute involving the Company or its
Subsidiary pending, or to the knowledge of the Company threatened, which could have a Company Material Adverse Effect, nor is the Company aware of any labor organization activity involving its or its
Subsidiary's employees. The Company is not aware that any officer or key employee, or that any group of key employees, intends to terminate their employment with the Company or its Subsidiary, nor
does the Company or its Subsidiary have a present intention to terminate the employment of any of the foregoing. 

    (v)
  Voting Arrangements.
  To the Company's knowledge, there are no outstanding stockholder agreements,
voting trusts, proxies or other arrangements or understandings among the stockholders of the Company relating to the voting of their respective shares. 

    (w)
  Environmental.
  (i) To the Company's knowledge, the businesses as presently or formerly
engaged in by the Company and its Subsidiary are and have been conducted in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below), including, without
limitation, having all required material permits, licenses and other approvals and authorizations, during the time the Company or its Subsidiary engaged in such businesses, (ii) to the
Company's knowledge, the properties presently or formerly owned or operated by the Company and its Subsidiary (including, without limitation, soil, groundwater or surface water on, under or adjacent
to the properties, and buildings thereon) (the "
Properties
") do not contain any Hazardous Substance other than as permitted under applicable
Environmental Law (
provided, however,
 that with respect to Properties formerly owned or operated by the Company or its Subsidiary, such representation
is limited to the period the Company or its Subsidiary owned or operated such Properties), (iii) neither the Company nor its Subsidiary has received any notices, demand letters or request for
information from any Federal, state, local or foreign governmental entity or any third party indicating that the Company or its Subsidiary may be in violation of, or liable under, any Environmental
Law in connection with the ownership or operation of the Company's or its Subsidiary's businesses, (iv) there are no civil, criminal or administrative actions,
suits, demands, claims, hearings, investigations or proceedings pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened against the Company or its Subsidiary with respect to the Company, its Subsidiary or
the Properties relating to any violation, or alleged violation, of any Environmental Law, (v) no reports have been filed, or are required to be filed, by the Company or its Subsidiary
concerning the release of any Hazardous Substance or the threatened or actual violation of any Environmental Law on or at the Properties, (vi) no Hazardous Substance has been disposed of,
transferred, released or transported from any of the Properties during the time such Property was owned or operated by the Company or its Subsidiary, other than as permitted under applicable
Environmental Law or other than as would not be material to the Company and its Subsidiary taken as a whole, (vii) there have been no environmental investigations, studies, audits, tests,
reviews or other analyses conducted by or which are in the possession of the Company or its Subsidiary relating to the Company, its Subsidiary or the Properties which have not been delivered to Parent
prior to the date hereof, (viii) there are no underground storage tanks on, in or under any of the Properties and no underground storage tanks have been closed or removed from any Properties
which are or have been in the ownership of the Company or its Subsidiary (provided, however, that with respect to Properties formerly owned or operated by the Company or its Subsidiary, the
representations in this subsection (viii) are limited to the period the Company or its Subsidiary owned or operated such Properties), (ix) to the Company's knowledge, there is no
asbestos present in any Property presently owned or operated by the Company or its Subsidiary, and no asbestos has been removed from any Property while such Property was owned or operated by the
Company or its Subsidiary, (x) none of the Properties has been used at any time by the Company or its Subsidiary as a sanitary landfill or hazardous waste disposal site and (xi) neither
the Company nor its Subsidiary has incurred, and none of the Properties (provided, however, that with respect to Properties formerly owned or operated by the Company or its Subsidiary, such
representation is limited to the period the Company or its Subsidiary owned or operated such Properties) are presently subject to, any material liabilities (fixed or contingent) relating to any suit,
settlement, court order, administrative order, judgment or claim asserted or arising under any Environmental Law. 

    "
Environmental Law
" means (i) any federal, state and local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, license, permit,
authorization, approval, consent, legal doctrine, order, judgment, decree, injunction, requirement or agreement with any Governmental Entity, (x) relating to the protection, preservation or
restoration of the environment (including, without limitation, air, water vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, surface land, subsurface land, plant and 

animal life or any other natural resource), or to human health or safety, or (y) the exposure to, or the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling,
labeling, production, release or disposal of Hazardous Substances, in each case as amended and as now or hereafter in effect, and (ii) any common law or equitable doctrine (including, without
limitation, injunctive relief and tort doctrines such as negligence, nuisance, trespass and strict liability) that may impose liability or obligations for injuries or damages due to, or threatened as
a result of, the presence of or exposure to any Hazardous Substance. The term Environmental Law includes, without limitation, the Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, the Federal Clean Air Act, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
of 1976 (including the Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments thereto), the Federal Solid Waste Disposal Act and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and
Rodenticide Act, the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, each as amended and as now or hereafter in effect. 

    "
Hazardous Substance
" means any substance presently or hereafter listed, defined, designated or classified as hazardous, toxic,
radioactive or dangerous, or otherwise regulated, under any Environmental Law, whether by type or by quantity, including any substance containing any such substance as a component. Hazardous Substance
includes, without limitation, any toxic waste, pollutant, contaminant, hazardous substance, toxic substance, hazardous waste, special waste, industrial substance or petroleum or any derivative or
by-product thereof, radon, radioactive material, asbestos, asbestos containing material, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, lead and polychlorinated biphenyl. 

    (x)
  Certain Regulatory Matters.

    (i)  The
Company has made available to Parent a true and complete copy of all material written communications between the Company or its Subsidiary, on the one hand,
and the FDA or any other Governmental Entity on the other hand, and any existing written summaries of material discussions between such parties, that describe matters that are material to assessing
compliance of the Company or its Subsidiary with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and its implementing regulations, including copies of (i) all warning letters, notices of adverse
findings and similar correspondence, (ii) all audit reports and (iii) any document concerning any significant oral or written communication received from the FDA. The Company has also
made available to Parent true and complete copies of all complaints and other information required to be maintained by the Company or its Subsidiary pursuant to the United States Federal Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act and Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 and the corresponding laws of jurisdictions other than the United States. 

    (ii) Section 3.01(x) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule hereto contains a true and complete list of all filings made by the Company or its Subsidiary with
the FDA and all applicable state, local and foreign regulatory bodies. The Company and its Subsidiary have filed with the FDA and all applicable state, local and foreign regulatory bodies for and
received approval of all material registrations, applications, licenses, requests for exemptions, permits and other regulatory authorizations necessary to conduct the businesses of the Company and its
Subsidiary as currently conducted. The Company and its Subsidiary and, to the Company's knowledge, any third party which is a manufacturer for the Company or its Subsidiary, are in compliance in all
material respects with all such registrations, applications, licenses, requests for exemptions, permits and other regulatory authorizations. Each of the Company, its Subsidiary and, to the Company's
knowledge, any such third party manufacturer is in compliance in all material respects with all material FDA, state, local and foreign rules, regulations, guidelines and policies, including, but not
limited to, material FDA, state, local and foreign rules, regulations and policies relating to good clinical practice ("
GCP
"), good manufacturing
practice ("
GMP
"), good laboratory practice ("
GLP
"), advertising and promotion, pre-and
post-marketing adverse drug experience and adverse drug reaction reporting, and all other pre- and post-marketing reporting requirements, as 

applicable. No party granting any such registration, application, license, request for exemption, permit or other authorization has notified the Company or its Subsidiary in writing that it is
considering
limiting, suspending or revoking the same, including by enjoining or limiting the production of any product by the Company or its Subsidiary, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is no basis for
any such limitation, suspension or revocation. 

    (y)
  Minute Books.
  The Company has made available to Parent all minutes of meetings of directors,
committees and stockholders since January 1, 2000 which reflect all transactions referred to in such minutes accurately in all material respects. 

    (z)
  Real Property Holding Company.
  The Company is not a "United States real property holding
corporation" (as that term is defined in Section 897(c)(2) of the Code). 

    (aa)
  Information.
  None of this Agreement, any exhibits hereto or any certificates made or delivered in
connection herewith contains any untrue statement of a material fact made by the Company or omits to state a material fact required to be stated herein or therein by the Company or necessary to make
the statements made by the Company herein or therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

    (bb)
  Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.
  Section 3.01(bb) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
lists all Contracts, commitments and understandings of any kind to which the Company or its Subsidiary is a party or by or to which the Company, its Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or
assets is bound or subject, whether or not in writing, (i) which is material to the continued conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiary as currently conducted or as currently
contemplated to be conducted; (ii) which is with respect to the Company's San Diego facility contract services business and under which the Company has any current or future obligation to
provide any products or services; (iii) which is not covered by clause (ii) and which pursuant to its terms imposes current or future payment obligations on either party in excess of
$125,000 annually or $250,000 in the aggregate; (iv) which includes any non-competition, non-solicitation, standstill or similar restrictions or undertakings on the
Company or its Subsidiary; (v) pursuant to which the Company or its Subsidiary has directly or indirectly guaranteed indebtedness, liabilities or obligations of any other Person or pursuant to
which any other Person has directly or indirectly guaranteed indebtedness, liabilities or obligations of the Company or its Subsidiary; (vi) which provides for any mortgage, pledge, security
agreement, deed of trust or other instrument or arrangement granting or purporting to grant a lien or security interest upon any intellectual property rights of the Company or its Subsidiary or any
other material assets or group of assets of the Company or its Subsidiary; or (vii) which is not terminable by the Company or its Subsidiary by notice of not more than 30 days without
the payment of any material penalty or premium. Each Contract, commitment or understanding required to be listed in Section 3.01(bb) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (collectively, the
"
Company Material Contracts
") is in full force and effect and is enforceable against the Company or its Subsidiary (and, to the knowledge of the
Company, against the other parties thereto) in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be subject to (y) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
laws affecting or relating to enforcement of creditors' rights generally and (z) general equitable principles. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any other
party to any Company Material Contract is in violation of or in default under (nor does there exist any condition which, upon the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would cause such a
violation of or default under) any Company Material Contract, which in each case would reasonably be expected to materially impair the benefits expected to be derived therefrom. 

    (cc)
  Certain Interests.
  No officer or director of the Company or its Subsidiary is indebted or
otherwise obligated to the Company or its Subsidiary; and neither the Company nor its Subsidiary is indebted or otherwise obligated to any such officer or director, except for amounts due under normal 

arrangements applicable to all employees generally as to salary or reimbursement of ordinary business expenses. 

    Section 3.02.
  Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.
  Parent and Merger Sub
jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Company that: 

    (a)
  Corporate Organization and Qualification.
  Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has the requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it
is now being conducted. Merger Sub is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 

    (b)
  Authority.
  Each of Parent and Merger Sub has full corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of each of Parent and Merger Sub, and by Parent as sole
stockholder of Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation by Parent
and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Merger Sub, and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery hereof by the Company, constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of each of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms,
except that such enforcement may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to enforcement of creditors' rights generally
and (ii) general equitable principles. 

    (c)
  Governmental Filings; No Violations.

    (i)  Other
than the Regulatory Filings, no notices, reports or other filings are required to be made by Parent and Merger Sub with, nor are any consents, registrations,
approvals, permits or authorizations required to be obtained by Parent and Merger Sub from, any Governmental Entity in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger
Sub and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby, other than such notices, reports or other filings which are not material and which, if not made or obtained,
individually and in the aggregate, would not reasonably be likely to impair in any material respect the ability of Parent or
Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement or prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or subject Parent, Merger Sub, the Company,
its Subsidiary or any of their officers, directors or employees to any criminal liability. 

    (ii) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement will not, constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of Parent or Merger Sub, (ii) a
breach or violation of, or a default under, the acceleration of or the creation of a lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance on assets (with or without the giving of notice or the lapse
of time) pursuant to, any provision of any agreement, lease, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation (a "
Parent Contract
")
to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party or by or to which Parent, Merger Sub or any of their properties or assets is bound or subject or any law, rule, ordinance or regulation or judgment, decree,
order, award or governmental or non-governmental permit or license to which Parent or Merger Sub is subject or (iii) any change in the rights or obligations of any party under any
of the Parent Contracts, except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, for such breaches, violations, defaults, accelerations or changes that, alone or in the aggregate, would not
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or that could not prevent, materially delay or materially burden the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, a
"
Parent Material  

 Adverse Effect
") means any material adverse effect on the financial condition, properties, business, prospects or results of operations of the Parent and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole. 

    (d)
  Interim Operations.
  Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
contemplated hereby and has engaged in no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

    (e)
  Capital Resources.
  Parent has, and prior to the expiration of the Offer Merger Sub will have,
sufficient cash resources to pay for all shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered into and not withdrawn from the Offer and to pay the Merger Consideration and all associated costs and
expenses. 

    (f)
  Offer Documents; Proxy Statement.
  Neither the Offer Documents nor any information supplied by
Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion in the Schedule 14D-9 will, at the time the Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9, or any amendments or supplements thereto, are
filed with the SEC or are first published, sent or given to stockholders of the Company, as the case may be, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The information supplied by Parent for
inclusion in any proxy statement to be sent to stockholders of the Company in connection with a meeting of the Company's stockholders to consider the Merger (the "
Company
Meeting
") (such proxy statement, as amended or supplemented, the "
Proxy Statement
"), on the date the Proxy Statement (or any
amendment or supplement thereto) is
first mailed to stockholders of the Company, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, or shall, at the time of the Company Meeting, omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any
statement in any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the Company Meeting which shall have become false or misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent and Merger
Sub make no representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by or on behalf of the Company which is contained in any of the Offer Documents, the Proxy Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto. The Offer Documents shall comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

    (g)
  Ownership of Common Stock.
  Immediately prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries beneficially owned any shares of Company Common Stock. 

ARTICLE IV

    COVENANTS    

    Section 4.01.
  Interim Operations.
  Except as set forth in the correspondingly numbered sections
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, required by law or as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement, the Company covenants and agrees that, prior to the Effective Time (unless Parent shall
otherwise consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and provided that, with respect to clause (ii) of paragraph (e), if Parent shall not have responded within two
business days to a written request by the Company for consent then Parent shall be deemed to have consented to the action that was the subject of the request) the Company shall, and shall cause its
Subsidiary to: 

    (a) conduct
their respective businesses only in the ordinary and usual course and, to the extent consistent therewith, use their respective best efforts to preserve
their respective business organization intact and maintain their respective existing relations with customers (except as contemplated hereby), suppliers, employees and business associates; 

    (b) not (i) create any subsidiaries; (ii) amend their respective certificate of incorporation or by-laws; (iii) split, combine or
reclassify their outstanding capital stock or (iv) declare, set aside or pay any dividend payable in cash, stock or property, other than any dividends paid by the Subsidiary to the Company; 

    (c) not
(i) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any additional shares of, or securities convertible or exchangeable for, or options, warrants, calls,
commitments or rights of any kind to acquire, any shares of their capital stock of any class or any other property or assets other than (x) shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of purchase rights outstanding as of the date of this Agreement under the 1999 Stock Purchase Plan (as such plan is in effect on the date hereof) or (y) shares of Company Common Stock issuable
pursuant to the exercise of Company Options outstanding on the date hereof under the Company Stock Option Plans or (z) shares of Company Common Stock issuable pursuant to the 401(k) Plan;
(ii) transfer, lease, license, guarantee, sell, mortgage, pledge, dispose of or encumber (each a "transaction") any assets, including, without limitation, all intellectual property and
technology rights which it owns or uses, or enter into any collaboration; (iii) incur or modify any indebtedness; (iv) incur or modify any other liability other than in the ordinary and
usual course of business; (v) acquire directly or indirectly by redemption or otherwise any shares of the capital stock of the Company; or (vi) authorize capital expenditures in excess
of $100,000 per calendar quarter or, other than the acquisition of inventory and supplies in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, make any acquisition of, or investment in,
assets or stock of any other person or entity (including any in-licensing of technology); 

    (d) not
change or increase the compensation payable or to become payable to its directors, officers or employees, or pay any performance based bonuses to its employees
for the year ended 2001 (other than bonuses and increases in salary in an amount not to exceed $300,000 in the aggregate and provided that the Company would otherwise, after giving effect to the
payment of such bonuses, meet the condition to the consummation of the Offer set forth in paragraph (f) of Exhibit A hereto), or grant (except pursuant to existing contractual
arrangements disclosed in writing to Parent prior to the date hereof) any severance or termination pay to, or enter into any employment or severance agreement with, any director, officer or other
employee of the Company or its Subsidiary; and not establish, adopt, enter into, make any new grants or awards under or amend, any collective bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation,
stock option, restricted stock, pension, retirement, employee stock ownership, deferred compensation, employment, termination, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or arrangement
for the benefit of any directors, officers or employees; 

    (e) not
(i) settle or compromise any material claims or litigation or modify, amend or terminate any of their material Contracts or waive, release or assign any
rights or claims or (ii) enter into any Contract with respect to the Company's San Diego facility contract services business pursuant to which the Company would provide any products or
services; 

    (f)  not
amend or modify, or waive, release or assign any of the Company's rights under, the License Agreement, dated as of September 22, 1998, by and between
the Company and Hoechst Marion Roussel, Inc. (the "
HMR License
") or the Company's investigational new drug application with respect to
tezacitabine; 

    (g) not
make any material tax election, file any material Tax Return taking any position inconsistent with past practice, settle any tax audit, claim or litigation,
request any private letter or similar ruling or enter into any tax closing agreement; 

    (h) not
permit any insurance policy naming it as a beneficiary or a loss payable payee to be canceled or terminated without notice to Parent, except in the ordinary and
usual course of business; and 

    (i)  not
authorize or enter into an agreement to do any of the foregoing. 

    Section 4.02.
  No Solicitation.

    (a) After
the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time or earlier termination of this Agreement, the Company shall not and shall not permit its Subsidiary to, and
the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any officer, director or employee of the Company or its Subsidiary, and any attorney, accountant, investment banker, financial advisor or
other agent retained by it or its Subsidiary, not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit, encourage or negotiate or provide nonpublic or confidential information to facilitate, any proposal or
offer (other than any proposal or offer by Parent or any of its subsidiaries) to acquire all or 15% or more of the business, properties or capital stock of the Company or its Subsidiary, whether by
merger, purchase of assets, tender offer or otherwise, whether for cash, securities or any other consideration or combination thereof (any such transactions, other than any transaction involving
Parent or any of its subsidiaries, being referred to herein as an "
Acquisition Transaction
"). 

    (b) Notwithstanding
the provisions of paragraph (a) above or any other provision of this Agreement, prior to the Effective Time, the Company may, in response to
an unsolicited bona fide written offer or proposal with respect to a potential or proposed Acquisition Transaction (an "
Acquisition Proposal
") from a
corporation, partnership, person or other entity or group (a "
Potential Acquiror
") which the Company's Board of Directors determines, in good faith and
after consultation with its independent financial advisor and legal counsel, could reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal, furnish confidential or nonpublic information to, and engage
in discussions and negotiate with, such Potential Acquiror, 
provided
 that the Company's Board of Directors determines in good faith after consultation
with outside legal counsel that such action is necessary in order for its directors to comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable law. For purposes of this Agreement,
"
Superior Proposal
" means an Acquisition Proposal which the Company's Board of Directors determines, in good faith and after consultation with its
independent financial advisor and legal counsel, would, if consummated, likely provide consideration to the holders of Company Common Stock with greater financial value than the consideration payable
in the Offer and the Merger. The Company agrees that it will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties with respect to any
Acquisition Proposal. The Company agrees that it will take the necessary steps to promptly inform the individuals or entities referred to in Section 4.02(a) that have been engaged in connection
with the evaluation of a possible Acquisition Transaction of the obligations undertaken in this Section 4.02. 

    (c) The
Company shall promptly notify Parent after receipt of any Acquisition Proposal. Such notice to Parent shall be made orally and in writing and shall indicate in
reasonable detail the identity of the offeror and the material terms and conditions of such proposal, to the extent known. The Company shall thereafter keep Parent informed, on a reasonably current
basis, on the status and terms of any such Acquisition Proposal and the status of any discussion or negotiations with any Potential Acquiror related thereto. 

    (d) At
any time prior to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Company may withdraw or modify the recommendation by the Board of Directors of the Company of
this Agreement, the Offer or the Merger, if the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel) that its fiduciary obligations require it to do so. 

    (e) Nothing
contained in this Section 4.02 or any other provision of this Agreement shall prohibit the Company or the Board of Directors of the Company from
(i) taking and disclosing to the Company's stockholders a position with respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party pursuant 

to Rule 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) making such disclosure to the Company's stockholders as, in the good faith judgment of the
Board of Directors of the Company, with the advice of outside counsel, is required under applicable law. 

    Section 4.03.
  Meetings of Company's Stockholders.
  Following the consummation of the Offer, the
Company shall promptly take all action necessary in accordance with the DGCL and its Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws to convene the Company Meeting, if such meeting is required.
The stockholder vote required for approval of the Merger will be no greater than that set forth in the DGCL. The Company shall use its reasonable efforts to solicit from stockholders of the Company
proxies in favor of the Merger and shall take all other action necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of Parent, advisable to secure any vote of stockholders required by the DGCL to effect the
Merger. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent shall acquire at least 90 percent of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, and 

provided
 that the
conditions set forth in Article V shall have been satisfied or waived, the Company shall, at the request of Parent, take all
necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable after such acquisition, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, in accordance with
Section 253 of the DGCL. Parent shall vote, or shall cause to be voted, all of the shares of Company Common Stock acquired in the Offer or otherwise owned by it or any of its subsidiaries
(including Merger Sub) in favor of the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger. 

    Section 4.04.
  Restrictions on Parent and the Company.

    (a) Parent
agrees that, from and after the date hereof and prior to the date of acceptance for payment of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer (the
"
Acceptance Date
"), and except as may be agreed in writing by the Company or as may be expressly permitted pursuant to this Agreement (including the
exercise of termination rights under this Agreement), Parent shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to agree, in writing or otherwise, to take any action which would materially delay
the consummation of the Offer, including by application of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

    (b) The
Company agrees that, from and after the date hereof and prior to the Acceptance Date, and except as may be agreed in writing by the Company or as may be
expressly permitted pursuant to this Agreement (including any actions pursuant to Section 4.02 and including the exercise of terminations right under this Agreement), the Company shall not, and
shall not permit its Subsidiary to agree, in writing or otherwise, to take any action which would materially delay the consummation of the Offer. 

    Section 4.05.
  Filings; Other Actions.
  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
applicable law, Parent and the Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable
under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including to obtain all necessary or appropriate waivers, consents or approvals
of third parties required in order to preserve contractual relationships of Parent and the Company and their respective subsidiaries, all necessary or appropriate waivers, consents and approvals to
effect all necessary registrations, filings and submissions and to lift any injunction or other legal bar to consummation of the Offer or the Merger (and, in such case, to proceed with the
consummation of the Offer and the Merger as expeditiously as possible), including through all possible appeals. 

    Section 4.06.
  Access.
  Upon reasonable notice, the Company shall afford Parent's officers,
employees, counsel, accountants and other authorized representatives ("
Representatives
") access, during normal business hours throughout the period
prior to the Effective Time, to its properties, books, Contracts, records and personnel and, during such period, the Company shall furnish promptly to Parent all information concerning its business,
properties and personnel as Parent or its Representatives may reasonably request; 
provided, however
, such investigation or request shall not
unreasonably disrupt 

the Company's operations. The materials provided to Parent under this Section 4.06 shall be subject to the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section 7.08). 

    Section 4.07.
  Notification of Certain Matters.
  The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent of
any notice of, or other communication relating to, any default or event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default, received by the Company subsequent to the date of this
Agreement and prior to the Effective Time, under any Contract to which the Company or its Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or its Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or
assets is subject or bound.
Each party shall give prompt notice to the other party of any change or the occurrence of any event which, so far as reasonably can be foreseen at the time of its occurrence, is reasonably likely to
result in a Company Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse Effect, as the case may be, and of any notice or other communication from any third party alleging that the consent of such third
party is or may be required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

    Section 4.08.
  Publicity.
  The Company and Parent shall consult with each other prior to issuing
any press releases or otherwise making public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and prior to making any filings with any Governmental Entity or with any national
securities exchange with respect thereto. 

    Section 4.09.
  Takeover Statutes.
  If any Takeover Statute shall become applicable to the
transactions contemplated hereby, the Company and the members of the Board of Directors of the Company shall grant such approvals and take such actions as are necessary so that the Offer, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of such statute or
regulation on the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except, in each such case, as would not be consistent with the fiduciary obligations of the Board of Directors as advised by outside
counsel. 

    Section 4.10.
  Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

    (a) From
and after the Acceptance Date, each of Parent and the Company and, from and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation, (i) shall, to the
fullest extent permitted under applicable law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present and former officers, directors and employees of the Company (collectively, the
"
Indemnified Parties
") against all losses, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses of investigation or litigation, including on
appeal), claims, damages or liabilities arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and (ii) shall also advance expenses as incurred, provided that the
person to whom expenses are advanced provides, if requested, the undertaking to repay such advances under the circumstances contemplated by the DGCL, all as required or permitted pursuant to the
Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, DGCL or indemnification agreements, as in effect as of the date hereof (collectively, the "
Company Indemnification
Provisions
"). The rights of each Indemnified Party hereunder shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other rights such Indemnified Party may have under the
Company Indemnification Provisions. With respect to matters occurring through the Effective Time, the Company Indemnification Provisions shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and
effect indefinitely. 

    (b) For
a period of five years after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of directors' and officers' liability
insurance maintained by the Company and its Subsidiary (
provided
 that Parent may substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage and amounts
containing terms and conditions that are no less advantageous to the Indemnified Parties, and which coverages and amounts shall be no less than the coverages and amounts provided at that time for
Parent's directors and officers) with respect to matters arising on or before the Effective Time; 
provided, however
, that if the existing current
policies expire, are terminated or cancelled during such 

five-year period, Parent will use its reasonable efforts to obtain as much coverage as can be obtained for the remainder of such period for a premium not in excess (on an annualized basis)
of two times the premiums paid by the Company as of the date of this Agreement. 

    (c) Any
Indemnified Party intending to seek indemnification under this Section 4.10 with respect to any loss, expense, claim, damage or liability shall promptly
notify Parent of such intent, and the nature of the claim, action, suit, proceeding, investigation or other event that may give rise thereto promptly after learning of the same, but the failure to so
notify Parent shall not relieve Parent of any liability it may have for any such indemnity obligation if such failure does not materially prejudice Parent or the Surviving Corporation. In the event of
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall have the right to assume the
defense thereof and neither Parent nor Surviving Corporation shall be liable to any Indemnified Party hereunder for any legal expenses of counsel or any other expenses subsequently incurred by such
indemnified party except, if Parent or the Surviving Corporation elects not to assume such defense, any such Indemnified Parties may retain counsel satisfactory to them, and Parent or Surviving
Corporation shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses of one firm of counsel for all such Indemnified Parties, (ii) the Indemnified Parties shall cooperate in the defense of any such matter
and (iii) neither Parent nor Surviving Corporation shall be liable for any settlement effected without its prior written consent. 

    (d) This
Section is intended to benefit the Indemnified Parties and shall be binding on all successors and assigns of Parent, the Company and the Surviving Corporation. 

    Section 4.11.
  Expenses and Fees.
  All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses, except as set forth in Article VII and except that those expenses incurred in connection
with printing and filing the Proxy Statement shall be equally borne by Parent and the Company. 

    Section 4.12.
  Section 16 Matters.
  Prior to the Acceptance Date, Parent and the Company
shall take all such steps as may be required and permitted to cause the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including any dispositions of shares of Company Common Stock (including derivative
securities with respect to shares of Company Common Stock) by each individual who is or will be subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the
Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

    Section 4.13.
  Employee Benefits.
  Parent hereby acknowledges that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall constitute a "change of control" under the Compensation and Benefit Plans, as applicable. 

    Section 4.14.
  Further Assurances.
  Each party hereby agrees to perform any further acts and to
execute and deliver any documents which may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement. 

    Section 4.15.
  Merger Sub.
  Parent will take all action necessary (a) to cause Merger Sub
to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and (b) to ensure that, prior to the Effective Time, Merger
Sub shall not conduct any business or make any investments other than as specifically contemplated by this Agreement, or incur or guarantee any indebtedness. 

    Section 4.16.
  Sale of Facilities.
  Following the date of this Agreement, subject to the consent
rights of Parent in Section 4.01, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the sale or other disposition as soon as reasonably practicable of its Fremont, California facility
and its San Diego, California facility, including, without limitation, with respect to each such facility, the Company's leasehold interest with respect thereto and related properties and assets and
the assumption of related liabilities. With respect to the draft definitive agreements with respect to any such transaction, Parent 

agrees to provide the Company with Parent's comments on such draft agreements within three business days of Parent's receipt of such draft agreements. 

    Section 4.17.
  Employee Retention.
  The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to
assist Parent in retaining such employees of the Company and its Subsidiary as are identified by Parent following the date of this Agreement. 

    Section 4.18.
  Certain Matters.
  The Company shall take such actions as are reasonably requested
by Parent so as to maximize the economic benefits to Parent from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 
provided
 that no such actions shall
materially impede or delay consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

ARTICLE V

    CONDITIONS    

    Section 5.01.
  Conditions to Obligations of Each Party.
  The respective obligations of the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions: 

    (a) Merger
Sub shall have purchased shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, except that this condition shall not be a condition to Parent's and Merger
Sub's obligation to effect the Merger if Merger Sub shall have failed to purchase shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer in breach of (or as a result of Parent's breach of) this
Agreement; 

    (b) this
Agreement and the Merger shall have been approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the stockholders of the Company, if required by the DGCL; 

    (c) no
judgment, injunction, order or decree of a court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall be in effect which has the effect of making the Merger
illegal or otherwise restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger; 
provided
, 
however
, that
no party may rely on this condition if it is in breach of its obligations under Section 4.05 hereof and such breach has, directly or indirectly, resulted in such judgment, injunction, order or
decree being in effect; and 

    (d) (i) any
waiting period applicable to consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act and any applicable foreign antitrust laws shall have expired or been
terminated and (ii) all approvals required under any applicable foreign antitrust laws before consummation of the Merger shall have been obtained, except in the case of (i) and
(ii) above, such waiting periods (other than the HSR Act) or approvals the failure of which to expire or be obtained is not reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or a
Company Material Adverse Effect or to provide a reasonable basis to conclude that the parties hereto or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, advisors or other representatives would be
subject to the risk of criminal liability. 

ARTICLE VI

    TERMINATION    

    Section 6.01.
  Termination.
  This Agreement may be terminated and the Offer and the Merger
contemplated hereby may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time (notwithstanding any approval of this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company): 

    (a) by
mutual written consent of the Company (including, from and after the Acceptance Date, the Independent Director Approval contemplated by Section 1.03(b))
and Parent; 

    (b) by either Parent or the Company: 

    (i)  if
Merger Sub shall not have accepted for payment any shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer prior to the date that is twenty business days following
March 31, 2002 (the "
Drop Dead Date
"); 
provided
 that the right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 6.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party whose breach of this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of shares of Company Common
Stock to have been purchased pursuant to the Offer by the Drop Dead Date; or 

    (ii) if
any Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, injunction or other decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently enjoining, restraining or
otherwise prohibiting the acceptance for payment of, or payment for the Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer or the Merger and such order, injunction, decree or ruling or other action shall have
become final and nonappealable; 
provided
 that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.01(b)(ii) shall
have used its commercially reasonable efforts to remove such order, decree, ruling or injunction and shall not be in violation of Section 4.05; 

    (c) prior
to the Acceptance Date by Parent if the Company shall have breached any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement, which
breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in paragraph (c) or (d) of Exhibit A and which breach has not been or is incapable of being cured by the Company
prior to the Drop Dead Date; 

    (d) prior
to the Acceptance Date by the Company if Parent or Merger Sub shall have breached in any material respect any of its obligations to be performed by either of
them under this Agreement, or if the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall not be true and correct, except for such failures to be true and correct
that, individually and in the aggregate, are not reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect; 

    (e) prior
to the Acceptance Date by the Company if (i) the Company is not in material breach of Section 4.02(a), (ii) the Board of Directors of the
Company authorizes the Company, subject to complying with the terms of this Agreement, to enter into a binding written agreement concerning a transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal and the
Company gives Parent notice (which may be revoked by the Company by a subsequent notice to that effect) in writing that it intends to enter into
such an agreement, attaching the most current version of such agreement to such notice, (iii) Parent does not make, within three business days of receipt of the Company's written notification
of its intention to enter into a binding agreement for Superior Proposal, an offer that the Board of Directors of the Company determines, in good faith after consultation with its financial advisors,
is at least as favorable from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of the Company as the Superior Proposal and (iv) the Company prior to or concurrently with such termination pays to
Parent in immediately available funds the Termination Fee (as defined in Section 7.01(b)) and acknowledges in writing to Parent its obligation to pay to Parent the Reimbursable Expenses (as
defined in Section 7.01(b)) in accordance with Section 7.01(c). The Company agrees (x) that it will not enter into a binding agreement referred to in clause (ii) above
until at least the fourth business day after it has provided the notice (which has not been revoked) to Parent required thereby and (y) to notify Parent promptly if its intention to enter into
a written agreement referred to in its notification shall change at any time after giving such notification; 

    (f)  prior
to the Acceptance Date by Parent, if (i) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have failed to recommend, or shall have withdrawn, adversely
modified or adversely amended in any material respect its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger or this Agreement to the Company's stockholders or fails to reconfirm its recommendation
of this Agreement within five business days after a written request from Parent to do so, it being understood that (x) the fact that the Company or any other individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, or a Governmental Entity (each, a "
Person
") 

described in Section 4.02(a) has taken any of the actions that would be proscribed by Section 4.02(a) but for Section 4.02(b) and disclosure of such fact, (y) disclosure of
any competing proposal that is not being recommended by the Board of Directors of the Company, or (z) disclosure of any other facts or circumstances, in each case together with a statement that
the Board of Directors of the Company continues to recommend the Offer, the Merger and this Agreement, shall not be considered to be a withdrawal, adverse modification or adverse amendment in any
material respects of such approval or recommendation or a failure to reconfirm its recommendation of this Agreement; or (ii) the Company shall have entered into a definitive agreement for a
Superior Proposal; 

    (g) by
the Company if as the result of the failure to be satisfied of any of the conditions set forth in Exhibit A, Parent or Merger Sub shall have terminated or
withdrawn the Offer or the Offer shall have expired without Merger Sub having purchased any Shares pursuant thereto; 
provided, however
, that the Company
may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.01(g) if the failure of any such condition to be satisfied at the time of such termination results from (i) the Company's
failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) facts or circumstances that constitute a breach of any representation or warranty of the Company under this Agreement; 

    (h) by
Parent if the Offer shall have expired without Merger Sub having purchased any Shares pursuant thereto; 
provided,
however
, that Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.01(h) if Merger Sub has failed to extend the Offer at any time that it is required to do
so under this Agreement or if the failure of any conditions to the Offer to be satisfied at the time of such
termination results from (i) Parent's failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) facts or circumstances that constitute a breach of any representation or
warranty of Parent under this Agreement; or 

    (i)  by
the Company if Parent or Merger Sub shall have failed to commence the Offer in accordance with the Section 1.01; 
provided,
however
, that the Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.01(i) if such failure to have commenced the Offer shall have been caused by
(i) the Company's failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) facts or circumstances that constitute a breach of any representation or warranty of the Company
under this Agreement or (iii) the occurrence of any of the events specified in paragraph (b), (c) or (d) of Exhibit A. 

ARTICLE VII

    MISCELLANEOUS    

    Section 7.01.
  Effect Of Termination.

    (a) In
the event of termination of this Agreement by either Parent or the Company prior to the Acceptance Date pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void, and there shall be no liability or further obligation on the part of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or their respective officers or directors (except as set
forth in this Section 7.01 and in Sections 4.11 and 7.05, all of which shall survive the termination). Nothing in this Section 7.01 shall relieve any party from liability for any willful
or material breach of any covenant or agreement of such party contained in this Agreement. 

    (b) In
the event that this Agreement is terminated (i) by the Company pursuant to Section 6.01(g) or by Parent pursuant to Section 6.01(h), and
prior to any such termination (but after the date hereof) (A) an Acquisition Proposal shall have been made to the Company or its Subsidiary or any of its stockholders and shall have been
announced publicly or (B) any Person shall have publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make an Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company or its Subsidiary, or
(ii) by Parent pursuant to Section 6.01(f)(i), and in each case within 12 months after any such termination the Company enters into a definitive agreement (which is 

reasonably capable of being consummated within 18 months of such termination) with respect to or consummates a transaction contemplated by such Acquisition Proposal, then the Company shall
promptly, but in no event later than two days after the date of entering into (or, if earlier, consummating) such transaction, pay Parent a termination fee of $1,750,000 (the
"
Termination Fee
") and shall promptly, but in no event later than two days after being notified of such by Parent, pay all of the reasonable, documented
charges and expenses, including those of the Paying Agent, incurred by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement up to a maximum amount
of $500,000 (the "
Reimbursable Expenses
") (upon receipt of reasonable documentation with respect thereto), in each case payable by wire transfer of same
day funds. 

    (c) In
the event that this Agreement is terminated (i) by the Company pursuant to Section 6.01(e) or by Parent pursuant to Section 6.01(f)(ii), the
Company shall, in the case of termination by the Company, prior to or concurrently with such termination, and in the case of termination by Parent, promptly but in no event later than two days after
the date of such termination, pay Parent the Termination Fee and in each case shall promptly, but in no event later than two days after being notified of such by Parent, pay Parent the Reimbursable
Expenses (upon receipt of reasonable documentation with respect thereto), in each case payable by wire transfer of same day funds. 

    (d) The
Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in Section 7.01(b) and (c) are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and that, without these agreements, Parent and Merger Sub would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails to promptly pay the amount due pursuant to
Section 7.01(b) or (c), and, in order to obtain such payments, Parent or Merger Sub commences a suit which results in a judgment against the Company for the fee set forth in
Section 7.01(b) or (c), the Company shall pay to Parent or Merger Sub its costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) in connection with such suit, together with interest on the amount of
the fee at the prime rate of Bank of America, N.A. in effect on the date such payment was required to be made. 

    Section 7.02.
  Non-Survival Of Representations And Warranties.
  No representations or
warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Acceptance Date, with respect to representations and warranties of the Company, or the
Effective Time, with respect to representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub. This Section 7.02 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms
contemplates performance after such time. 

    Section 7.03.
  Notices.
  All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given if delivered personally, mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or sent via facsimile to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice): 

If
to Parent or Merger Sub, to: 

Chiron
Corporation

4560 Horton Street

Emeryville, California 94608

Attention: William Green

Facsimile: (510) 655-9910 

with
copies to: 

Sullivan &
Cromwell

1888 Century Park East

Los Angeles, California 90067

Attention: Alison S. Ressler, Esq.

Facsimile: (310) 712-8800 

If
to the Company, to: 

Matrix
Pharmaceutical, Inc.

34700 Campus Drive

Fremont, California 94555

Attention: David Pritchard

Facsimile: (510) 742-8510 

with
a copy to: 

Pillsbury
Winthrop LLP

50 Fremont Street

San Francisco, California 94105

Attention: Thomas E. Sparks, Esq.

Facsimile: (415) 983-1200 

    Section 7.04.
  Interpretation.
  The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless a contrary intention appears, (i) the words "herein," "hereof" and
"hereunder" and other words
of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision and (ii) reference to any Article or Section means such Article or Section
hereof. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed against any party hereto solely because such party or its legal representative drafted such provision. Whenever the words
"include," "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." 

    Section 7.05.
  Miscellaneous.
  This Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to
herein) shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise except that Merger Sub may assign its obligations under this Agreement to any other wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent subject to the
terms of this Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED AND TO
BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE. 

    Section 7.06.
  Counterparts.
  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

    Section 7.07.
  Amendments; Extensions.

    (a) This
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after the Company
Stockholder Approval has been obtained; 
provided
 that, (i) after Acceptance Date, (A) no amendment shall be made which decreases the
Merger Consideration and (B) any amendment will require the Independent Director Approval contemplated by Section 1.03 and (ii) after the Company Stockholder Approval has been
obtained, there shall be made no amendment that by law requires further approval by stockholders of the Company without the further approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended
except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto. 

    (b) At
any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors (which after the Acceptance Date
will require, with respect to the Company, the Independent Director Approval contemplated by Section 1.03), may, to the extent legally 

allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein; 

provided
 that after the Company Stockholder
Approval has been obtained, there shall be made no waiver that by law requires further approval by
stockholders of the Company
without the further approval of such stockholders. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf
of such party. The failure or delay of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those rights. 

    Section 7.08.
  Entire Agreement.
  This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, dated
October 3, 2001, between Parent and the Company (the "
Confidentiality Agreement
") constitute the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. No representation, inducement, promise, understanding, condition or warranty not set forth herein has been made or relied upon by either party hereto. Neither this Agreement nor any
provision hereof is intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder except for the provisions of Section 4.11, which is intended for the
benefit of the Company's former and present officers, directors, employees and agents. 

    Section 7.09.
  Severability.
  If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, all other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any party. 

    Section 7.10.
  Specific Performance.
  The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur
in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement were not to be performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof in
addition to any other remedies at law or in equity. 

    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

MATRIX PHARMACEUTICAL, INC.

By:

/s/ 
MICHAEL CASEY

Name: 

Michael Casey

Title: 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

CHIRON CORPORATION

By:

/s/ 
CRAIG WHEELER

Name: 

Craig Wheeler

Title: 

Vice President

MANON ACQUISITION CORP.

By:

/s/ 
WILLIAM GREEN

Name:

William Green

Title:

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

 Name: 

Exhibit A    

Conditions of the Offer    

    Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Agreement, Merger Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and
regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Merger Sub's obligation to pay for or return tendered shares of Company Common Stock promptly
after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer), to pay for any shares of Company Common Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer, unless (i) there shall have been validly tendered and not
withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer that number of shares of Company Common Stock which, when added together with all other shares of Company Common Stock owned by Parent and its
subsidiaries, would represent at least a majority of the outstanding Company Common Stock (determined on a fully diluted basis for all outstanding stock options and any other rights to acquire Company
Common Stock outstanding on the date of purchase) (the "
Minimum Tender Condition
"), (ii) any requisite waiting period under the HSR Act
applicable to the purchase of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer or to the Merger shall have been terminated or shall have expired, and (iii) the applicable waiting periods
under foreign antitrust laws shall have been terminated or shall have expired, except for such waiting periods the failure of which to terminate or expire would not have a Parent Material Adverse
Effect or a Company Material Adverse Effect or to provide a reasonable basis to conclude that the parties hereto or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, advisors or other
representatives would be subject to the risk of criminal liability. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or this Agreement, Merger Sub shall not be required to accept for payment
or, subject as aforesaid, to pay for any shares of Company Common Stock not theretofore accepted for payment or paid for, if, immediately prior to the acceptance for payment of shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, any of the following conditions exists: 

    (a) there
shall have been entered, enforced or issued by any Governmental Entity, any judgment, order, injunction or decree (i) which makes illegal, restrains or
prohibits the making of the Offer, the acceptance for payment of, or payment for, any shares of Company Common Stock by Parent or Merger Sub, or the consummation of the Merger; or (ii) which
prohibits the ownership or operation by Parent or any of its subsidiaries of the Company; 
provided
, in each case, that Parent has complied with its
obligations under Section 4.05 of the Agreement; 

    (b) there
shall have been any statute, rule, regulation, legislation or interpretation enacted, enforced, promulgated, amended or issued by any Governmental Entity or
deemed by any Governmental Entity applicable to (i) Parent, the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of Parent or the Company or (ii) any transaction contemplated by this Agreement,
other than the HSR Act and foreign antitrust laws which would reasonably be expected to result, directly or indirectly, in any of the consequences referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) of
paragraph (a) above; 

    (c) the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement (which are qualified by "Company Material Adverse Effect") shall not be true and
correct as of such time as though made on and as of such time; and the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement (other than representations and warranties qualified by "Company
Material Adverse Effect") shall not be true and correct as of such time as though made on and as of such time where the failure or failures of such representations and warranties to be so true and
correct (i) results or would reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect within the meaning of clause (i) of the definition thereof or (ii) results or
would reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Company Material Adverse Effect within the meaning of clause (ii) of the definition thereof; 

    (d) the
Company shall have failed to perform in any material respect any obligation required to be performed by it at or prior to such time under this Agreement; 

    (e) this
Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms; 

    (f)  the Company shall not have Cash at such time in the amount of at least (i) if such time occurs on or prior to February 28, 2002,
$18.4 million, (ii) if such time occurs on or after March 31, 2002, $17.3 million and (iii) if such time occurs anywhere between those two dates,
$18.4 million 
minus
 the pro rata amount of the difference between $18.4 million and $17.3 million for the days elapsed; 

which,
in the reasonable judgment of Merger Sub or Parent, in any such case, and regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition (including any action or inaction by Parent or any of
its affiliates), makes it inadvisable to proceed with the Offer and/or with such acceptance for payment or payment. The Company shall provide to Parent immediately prior to such time a certificate of
an executive officer with respect to paragraph (f) hereof. 

    As
used in this Exhibit A, "
Cash
," as of any time, shall mean the cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of the
Company and its Subsidiary, as of such time, calculated in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles consistently applied, as adjusted by the following two sentences. Such amount shall be increased dollar-for-dollar to the extent of: 

    (i)  in
the event that the sale of the Company's San Diego facility contemplated by Section 4.16 is not consummated on or prior to the Acceptance Date, any
payments after the date of this Agreement of principal with respect to the indebtedness outstanding under the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 25, 1998 (the "Loan Agreement"), by
and between the Company and ARE-4757 Nexus Centre, LLC, but in no event more than $6,000,000; and 

    (ii) any
payments after the date of this Agreement of the remaining principal balance and interest thereon with respect to the indebtedness outstanding under the Credit
Agreement, dated as of October 8, 1997, by and between the Company and Imperial Bank in accordance with the loan amortization schedule attached to this Agreement as
Schedule A-1. 

    In
addition, such amount shall be reduced dollar-for-dollar to the extent of: 

    (A) any
net cash proceeds received from the sales or other dispositions contemplated by Section 4.16; 

    (B) any
cash received by the Company with respect to the exercise of any Company Options after the date of this Agreement; 

    (C) any
amounts which have or will become due to Banc of America Securities LLC in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

    (D) any
amounts which have or will become due to the Company's outside legal counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and 

    (E) any
amounts which have or will become due under the Company's San Diego severance arrangements and any amounts which have or will become due under the Company's
Fremont retention arrangements, in each case in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

    The
foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Merger Sub and Parent and may be asserted by Merger Sub or Parent regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such condition or
may be waived by Merger Sub and Parent in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in their reasonable discretion. The failure by Parent, Merger Sub or any other affiliate of Parent at any
time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right; the waiver of any such right
with respect to particular facts and circumstances shall not be deemed a waiver with respect to any other facts and circumstances, and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be
asserted at any time and from time to time. 

    The
terms in this Exhibit A that are defined in the attached Agreement have the meanings set forth therein. 

A2

QuickLinks

EXHIBIT (d)(1)

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER Among MATRIX PHARMACEUTICAL, INC., CHIRON CORPORATION, and MANON ACQUISITION CORP. Dated as of January 6, 2002

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

ARTICLE I THE OFFER

ARTICLE II THE MERGER

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

ARTICLE IV COVENANTS

ARTICLE V CONDITIONS

ARTICLE VI TERMINATION

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS

Exhibit A

Conditions of the Offer

EX-99.D2

a2067573zex-99_d2.htm

EXHIBIT 99(D)(2)

 Prepared by MERRILL CORPORATION

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit (d)(2)  

CONFIDENTIALITY AND STANDSTILL AGREEMENT    

    This Confidentiality and Standstill Agreement between Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. ("Matrix") and Chiron ("Chiron") (the "Agreement") is entered into as
of this third day of October 2001. Matrix and Chiron are considering whether to explore the possibility of a mutually beneficial transaction (the "Transaction"). In this connection Matrix has
requested or may request certain information from Chiron and Chiron has requested or may request certain information from Matrix. This Agreement sets forth certain restrictions to which the parties
are agreeing because they are exchanging information with each other. As used in this Agreement, (i) the term "Matrix," and the terms "it" and "its" when used to describe Matrix, shall include
Matrix and each Affiliate (as defined in SEC Rule 12b-2) of Matrix and (ii) the term "Chiron," and the terms "it" and "its" when used to describe Chiron, shall include Chiron
and each Affiliate of Chiron. The term "person" as used in this Agreement shall be broadly interpreted to include, without limitation, any corporation, partnership, individual, association, trust or
other entity and the media. The term "representatives" as used in this Agreement with respect to any person shall include agents (including without limitation financial advisors, consultants, lawyers
or accountants), partners, directors, officers or employees of such person. 

    A.  
Agreements of Matrix.

    1.  As
a condition to furnishing Matrix with the information (written or oral) it has requested or may request, Chiron is requiring that Matrix agree, as set forth
below, to treat confidentially such information and any other information (written or oral) concerning Chiron and its assets or businesses which is furnished to Matrix or its representatives by or on
behalf of Chiron whether before or after the date of this Agreement (collectively, the "Chiron Evaluation Material"). The term "Chiron Evaluation Material" also includes all analyses, compilations,
studies or other documents prepared by Matrix or others containing, or based in whole or in part on, any such information. However, the term "Chiron Evaluation Material" does not include information
which (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Matrix or its representatives in violation of this Agreement, (ii) becomes available
to Matrix on a non-confidential basis from a source other than Chiron or one of its representatives which is not known by Matrix and its representatives to be prohibited from disclosing
such information by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation or (iii) has been independently developed by Matrix without violating any of its obligations under this Agreement. The parties
acknowledge that some or all of the Chiron Evaluation Material is proprietary and may be
commercially sensitive, and agree to exchange such commercially sensitive information in a manner consistent with all applicable laws. 

    2.  Matrix
agrees to treat the Chiron Evaluation Material confidentially and that such information will be kept confidential and will be used by Matrix and its
representatives solely for the purpose of evaluating the Transaction. Matrix further agrees to transmit the Chiron Evaluation Material only to those of Matrix's representatives who are involved in
evaluating the Transaction and who (i) have been advised by Matrix of the provisions of this Agreement and (ii) have agreed with Matrix to keep confidential the Chiron Evaluation
Material except as permitted otherwise by this Agreement, to be bound by paragraph (A)(3) of this Agreement, and to not use the Chiron Evaluation Material except for the purpose of evaluating
the Transaction. Matrix shall be responsible to Chiron for any harm Chiron suffers as a direct result of any breach of this Agreement or the agreements referred to in the immediately preceding
sentence by Matrix or its representatives. 

    3.  Except
as required by law (and then only with the prior written notice (unless prohibited by law) to Chiron of such requirement, or if paragraph (A)(4) is
applicable, then only in accordance with paragraph (A)(4) or as agreed in writing), neither Matrix nor its representatives who are given access to the Chiron Evaluation Material will disclose
to any person (i) any portion of the Chiron Evaluation 

Material, (ii) that the Chiron Evaluation Material has been made available to Matrix, (iii) that discussions or negotiations between Matrix and Chiron are taking or have taken place, or
(iv) any of the terms, conditions or other facts with respect to the Transaction, including the status thereof. 

    4.  In
the event that Matrix or its representatives become legally compelled under the United States securities laws or as may be required by the Securities and
Exchange Commission or in a proceeding before a court, arbitrator or administrative agency to disclose (i) any portion of the Chiron Evaluation Material, (ii) that the Chiron Evaluation
Material has been made available to Matrix, (iii) that discussions or negotiations between Matrix and Chiron are taking place, or (iv) any of the terms, conditions or other facts with
respect to the Transaction, including the status thereof, Matrix will, and will direct its representatives to, provide Chiron with prompt written notice (unless prohibited by law) of such legal
compulsion, and shall delay disclosure, if and to the extent practicable, until Chiron has had an opportunity to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or to waive compliance by Matrix
and/or its representatives with the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that a protective order or other remedy is not obtained in such a proceeding, or Chiron fails to waive compliance with
the provisions of this Agreement, Matrix agrees that it will, and will direct its representatives to, disclose only that information which its counsel advises (except that no advice of counsel shall
be required in the case of oral testimony where (i) it is impracticable to obtain such advice and (ii) counsel has advised the testifying witness of the obligations imposed by this
paragraph (A)(4) prior to his testimony) is legally required to be disclosed and will exercise its best efforts, and will direct its representatives to exercise their best efforts, at Chiron's
request and expense, to cooperate with Chiron to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to the information which is so disclosed. 

    5.  Matrix
acknowledges that it is aware (and that its representatives who are apprised of this matter have been advised) of their obligations under the United States
securities laws. 

    6.  In
the event that the Transaction is not effected, Matrix will, and will direct its representatives to, promptly upon the written request of Chiron deliver to
Chiron the Chiron Evaluation Material and all copies thereof, except for that portion of the Chiron Evaluation Material which consists of analyses, compilations, studies or other documents prepared by
Matrix or its representatives, without retaining any copy thereof. That portion of the Chiron Evaluation Material which consists of analyses, compilations, studies or other documents prepared by
Matrix or its representatives, and oral Chiron Evaluation Material, may be retained by Matrix and kept confidential and subject to the terms of this Agreement or destroyed. 

    7.  Matrix
acknowledges that neither Chiron nor any of its representatives makes any express or implied representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of
the Chiron Evaluation Material, or that it has provided Matrix with all of the information Matrix has requested. Except as provided in a definitive agreement for a Transaction, Matrix agrees that
neither Chiron nor its representatives shall have any liability to Matrix or any of its representatives resulting from the use of the Chiron Evaluation Material by Matrix or its representatives or
their reliance thereon. Matrix agrees that unless and until a definitive agreement with Chiron with respect to any Transaction has been executed and delivered, neither Chiron nor Matrix is under any
legal obligation whatsoever with respect to a Transaction other than the parties' obligations to each other under this Agreement. 

    8.  No
failure or delay by Chiron in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise
thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder. It is agreed that Chiron may be irreparably harmed by a breach of this Agreement by
Matrix or its representatives. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to preclude Chiron from obtaining equitable relief, including, without limitation, injunction and specific performance, in
the event of any such breach. Such 

remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for breach by Matrix or its representatives of this Agreement but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity to Chiron. 

    9.  Matrix
agrees that, for a period of 12 months from the date of this Agreement, neither Matrix nor any of its Affiliates will directly or indirectly, either
alone or in concert with one or more other parties, without Chiron's prior written consent, (i) acquire or agree to offer to acquire, or solicit or seek to effect or negotiate with respect to
the acquisition of, or make any statement or inquiry regarding any actual or potential acquisition of, any securities or assets of Chiron or its subsidiaries or current Affiliates, or any rights to
purchase such securities or assets, or enter into, or agree or offer (or disclose any intent to offer) to enter into, any acquisition or other business combination transaction
relating to Chiron or propose any of the foregoing; provided that this clause (i) shall not restrict Matrix or its Affiliates, or any benefit plan that is maintained for employees of Matrix or
its Affiliates, from acquiring up to an aggregate of 5% of the outstanding common stock of Chiron solely for purposes of investment or from acquiring assets from Chiron and its Affiliates in the
ordinary course of business and shall not restrict negotiations with respect to the Transaction; (ii) make or in any way participate in any solicitation of proxies to vote, or seek to advise or
influence any person with respect to the voting of, securities of Chiron or its subsidiaries or current Affiliates; or (iii) make any public announcement or other communication with or to
Chiron or otherwise which, in the opinion of counsel to Chiron, would require public announcement, with respect to any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the limitations and prohibitions
on Matrix and its Affiliates set forth in this paragraph A.9. shall no longer apply from the earlier of (x) the date Chiron publicly announces that it is seeking an acquisition or
business combination in which Chiron would not be the surviving entity, (y) the date Chiron enters into an agreement or letter of intent with a third party other than Matrix and its Affiliates
which provides for the acquisition of or business combination with Chiron or any of its Affiliates in which Chiron would not be the surviving entity, (z) a third party commences a tender offer
for all or a significant portion of Chiron's common equity. 

    B.  
Agreements of Chiron.

    1.  As
a condition to furnishing Chiron with the information (written or oral) it has requested or may request, Matrix is requiring that Chiron agree, as set forth
below, to treat confidentially such information and any other information (written or oral) concerning Matrix and its assets or businesses which is furnished to Chiron or its representatives by or on
behalf of Matrix whether before or after the date of this Agreement (collectively, the "Matrix Evaluation Material"). The term "Matrix Evaluation Material" also includes all analyses, compilations,
studies or other documents prepared by Chiron or others containing, or based in whole or in part on, any such information. However, the term "Matrix Evaluation Material" does not include information
which (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Chiron or its representatives in violation of this Agreement, (ii) becomes available
to Chiron on a non-confidential basis from a source other than Matrix or one of its representatives which is not known by Chiron and its representatives to be prohibited from disclosing
such information by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation or (iii) has been independently developed by Chiron without violating any of its obligations under this Agreement. The parties
acknowledge that some or all of the Matrix Evaluation Material is proprietary and may be commercially sensitive, and agree to exchange such commercially sensitive information in a manner consistent
with all applicable laws. 

    2.  Chiron
agrees to treat the Matrix Evaluation Material confidentially and that such information will be kept confidential and will be used by Chiron and its
representatives solely for the purpose of evaluating the Transaction. Chiron further agrees to transmit the Matrix Evaluation Material only to those of those of Chiron's representatives who are
involved in evaluating the Transaction and who (i) have been advised by Chiron of the provisions of this Agreement and (ii) have agreed with Chiron to keep confidential the Matrix
Evaluation Material except as permitted otherwise by this Agreement, to be bound by paragraph (B)(3) of this Agreement, and to not use the Matrix Evaluation Material 

except for the purpose of evaluating the Transaction. Chiron shall be responsible to Matrix for any harm Matrix suffers as a direct result of any breach of this Agreement or the agreements referred to
in the immediately preceding sentence by Chiron or its representatives. 

    3.  Except
as required by law (and then only with the prior written notice (unless prohibited by law) to Matrix of such requirement, or if paragraph (B)(4) is
applicable, then only in accordance with paragraph (B)(4) or as agreed in writing), neither Chiron nor its representatives who are given access to the Matrix Evaluation Material will disclose
to any person (i) any portion of the Matrix Evaluation Material, (ii) that the Matrix Evaluation Material has been made available to Chiron, (iii) that discussions or negotiations
between Chiron and Matrix are taking or have taken place, or (iv) any of the terms, conditions or other facts with respect to the Transaction, including the status thereof. 

    4.  In
the event that Chiron or its representatives become legally compelled under the United States securities laws or as may be required by the Securities and
Exchange Commission or in a proceeding before a court, arbitrator or administrative agency to disclose (i) any portion of the Matrix Evaluation Material, (ii) that the Matrix Evaluation
Material has been made available to Chiron, (iii) that discussions or negotiations between Matrix and Chiron are taking place, or (iv) any of the terms, conditions or other facts with
respect to the Transaction, including the status thereof, Chiron will, and will direct its representatives to, provide Matrix with prompt written notice (unless prohibited by law) of such legal
compulsion, and shall delay disclosure, if and to the extent practicable until Matrix has had an opportunity to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or to waive compliance by Chiron
and/or its representatives with the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that a protective order or other remedy is not obtained in such a proceeding, or Matrix fails to waive compliance with
the provisions of this Agreement, Chiron agrees that it will, and will direct its representatives to, disclose only that information which its counsel advises (except that no advice of counsel shall
be required in the case of oral testimony where (i) it is impracticable to obtain such advice and (ii) counsel has advised the testifying witness of the obligations imposed by this
paragraph (B)(4) prior to his testimony) is legally required to be disclosed and will exercise its best efforts, and will direct its representatives to exercise their best efforts, at Matrix's
request and expense, to cooperate with Matrix to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to the information which is so disclosed. 

    5.  Chiron
acknowledges that it is aware (and that its representatives who are apprised of this matter have been advised) of their obligations under the United States
securities laws. 

    6.  In
the event that the Transaction is not effected, Chiron will, and will direct its representatives to, promptly upon the written request of Matrix deliver to
Matrix the Matrix Evaluation Material and all copies thereof, except for that portion of the Matrix Evaluation Material which consists of analyses, compilations, studies or other documents prepared by
Chiron or its representatives, without retaining any copy thereof. That portion of the Matrix Evaluation Material which consists of analyses, compilations, studies or other documents prepared by
Chiron or its representatives, and oral Matrix Evaluation Material, may be retained by Chiron and kept confidential and subject to the terms of this Agreement or destroyed. 

    7.  Chiron
acknowledges that neither Matrix nor any of its representatives makes any express or implied representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of
the Matrix Evaluation Material, or that it has provided Chiron with all of the information Chiron has requested. Except as provided in a definitive agreement for a Transaction, Chiron agrees that
neither Matrix nor its representatives shall have any liability to Chiron or any of its representatives resulting from the use of the Matrix Evaluation Material by Chiron or its representatives or
their reliance thereon. Chiron agrees that unless and until a definitive agreement with Matrix with respect to any Transaction has been executed and delivered, neither Matrix nor Chiron is under any
legal obligation whatsoever with respect to a Transaction other than the parties' obligations to each other under this Agreement. 

    8.  No failure or delay by Matrix in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise
thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder. It is agreed that Matrix may be irreparably harmed by a breach of this Agreement by
Chiron or its representatives. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to preclude Matrix from obtaining equitable relief, including, without limitation, injunction and specific performance, in
the event of any such breach. Such remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for breach by Chiron or its representatives of this Agreement but shall be in addition to all other remedies
available at law or equity to Matrix. 

    9.  Chiron
agrees that, for a period of 12 months from the date of this Agreement, neither Chiron nor any of its Affiliates will directly or indirectly, either
alone or in concert with one or more other parties, without Matrix's prior written consent, (i) acquire or agree to offer to acquire, or solicit or seek to effect or negotiate with respect to
the acquisition of, or make any statement or inquiry regarding any actual or potential acquisition of, any securities or assets of Matrix or its subsidiaries or current Affiliates, or any rights to
purchase such securities or assets, or enter into, or agree or offer (or disclose any intent to offer) to enter into, any acquisition or other business combination transaction relating to Matrix or
propose any of the foregoing; provided that this clause (i) shall not restrict Chiron or its Affiliates, or any benefit plan that is maintained for employees of Chiron or its Affiliates, from
acquiring up to an aggregate of 5% of the outstanding common stock of Matrix solely for purposes of investment or from acquiring assets from Matrix and its Affiliates in the ordinary course of
business and shall not restrict negotiations with respect to the Transaction; (ii) make or in any way participate in any solicitation of proxies to vote, or seek to advise or influence any
person with respect to the voting of, securities of Matrix or its subsidiaries or current Affiliates; or (iii) make any public announcement or other communication with or to Matrix or otherwise
which, in the opinion of counsel to Matrix, would require public announcement, with respect to any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the limitations and prohibitions on Chiron and its
Affiliates set forth in this paragraph B.9. shall no longer apply from the earlier of (x) the date Matrix publicly announces that it is seeking an acquisition or business combination in
which Matrix would not be the surviving entity, (y) the date Matrix enters into an agreement or letter of intent with a third party other than Chiron and its Affiliates which provides for the
acquisition or business combination with Matrix or any of its Affiliates in which Matrix would not be the surviving entity, or (z) a third party commences a tender offer for all or a
significant portion of Matrix's common equity. 

    C.  
Joint Agreements.

    1.  This
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

    2.  This
Agreement (exclusive of Sections A.9. and B.9.) shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Matrix and Chiron and their respective Affiliates, successors
and assigns, including any successor to Matrix or Chiron or substantially all of Matrix's or Chiron's assets or business, by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets, purchase of stock or otherwise. 

    3.  All
notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by messenger, transmitted by facsimile transmission (with
receipt confirmed), or five days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, as follows: 

    a.  If
to Matrix: 

Matrix
Pharmaceutical, Inc.

34700 Campus Drive

Fremont, CA 94555

Attn: Michael D. Casey 

With a copy to: 

Pillsbury
Winthrop LLP

50 Fremont Street

San Francisco, CA 94105

Attn: Thomas E. Sparks, Jr. 

    b.  If
to Chiron: 

Attn: 
Sean Lance
, President and Chief Executive Officer 

    4.  If
any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement
shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, all of which together
shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

    5.  This
Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements, written or oral,
relating to the subject matter hereof. No modification of this Agreement or waiver of the terms and conditions hereof will be binding unless approved by the parties in writing. 

    6.  The
restrictions and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect as of the second anniversary of the date hereof. 

Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc.

By:

/s/ 
JEANETTE FRITZKY

 Jeanette Fritzky, VP Sales & Marketing

Chiron

By:

/s/ 
JOYCE LONERGAN

QuickLinks

CONFIDENTIALITY AND STANDSTILL AGREEMENT

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----