URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1112263/000089161802000903/0000891618-02-000903.txt

ORREGAS AVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085425200

S-4/A

f78524a1s-4a.htm

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-4

Western Multiplex Corp. Form S-4 Amendment no. 1



As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on February 25, 2002

Registration No. 333-82014

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

AMENDMENT NO. 1

TO

FORM S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

UNDER

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

WESTERN MULTIPLEX CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter)

Delaware

52-219-8231

(State or other jurisdiction of

	incorporation or organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

	Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

	Identification No.)

1196 Borregas Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089,
(408) 542-5200

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of Registrants Principal
Executive Offices)

Jonathan N. Zakin

Chief Executive Officer

Western Multiplex Corporation

1196 Borregas Avenue, Sunnyvale, California
94089, (408) 542-5200

(Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number, including area code, of agent for
service)

Copies to:

Daniel Clivner, Esq.

	Richard Capelouto, Esq.

	Simpson Thacher & Bartlett

	10 Universal City Plaza, Suite 1850

	Los Angeles, CA 91608

	(818) 755-7000

David C. King

	Chief Executive Officer

	Proxim, Inc.

	510 DeGuigne Drive

	Sunnyvale, California 94085

	(408) 731-2700

Steve L. Camahort, Esq.

	Robert G. Day, Esq.

	Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

	Professional Corporation

	650 Page Mill Road

	Palo Alto, California 94304

	(650) 493-9300

Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public:
 As soon as
practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective
and all other conditions to the proposed merger described herein
have been satisfied or waived.

If the securities being registered on this Form
are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding
company and there is compliance with General Instruction G,
check the following
box.     
o

If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same
offering.     
o

If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same
offering.     
o

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

Proposed Maximum

Maximum Amount

Title of Each Class of

Amount to be

Offering Price

Proposed Maximum

of Registration

Securities to be Registered

Registered(1)

Per Share

Aggregate Price

Fee(2)

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per
	share

65,952,467

Not applicable

$201,738,601

$18,560

(1) 

Based on the maximum number of shares of Western
	Multiplex common stock to be issued in connection with the
	merger, calculated as the product of (i) 1.8896, the
	exchange ratio in the expected merger of Proxim, Inc. with a
	subsidiary of the Registrant, and (ii) the sum of
	(A) shares of Proxim common stock issued and outstanding as
	of January 28, 2002 and (B) shares of Proxim common
	stock expected to be issuable pursuant to vested and exercisable
	options and warrants to acquire shares of Proxim common stock
	and Proxims Employee Stock Purchase Plan, in each case
	through the anticipated closing of the merger.

(2) 

Previously paid.

The registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its
effective date until the registrant shall file a further
amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with
Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the
Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as
the commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may
determine.



510 DeGuigne Drive

	Sunnyvale, California 94085

1196 Borregas Avenue

	Sunnyvale, CA 94089

February 25, 2002

Dear Stockholder:

You are cordially invited to attend a special
meeting of stockholders relating to the merger of Proxim, Inc.
and Western Multiplex Corporation.

At the Proxim special meeting, Proxim
stockholders will be asked to adopt the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization, dated as of January 16, 2002, pursuant to
which Proxim and Western Multiplex have agreed to merge. At the
Western Multiplex special meeting, Western Multiplex
stockholders will be asked to vote on the issuance of Western
Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger. The dates,
times and places of the special meetings are as follows:

For Proxim stockholders:

For Western Multiplex stockholders:

March 26, 2002, at
	10:00 a.m. local time

March 26, 2002, at
	11:00 a.m. local time

at the offices of

at the

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

Sheraton Hotel

650 Page Mill Road

1108 North Mathilda Avenue

Palo Alto, California

Sunnyvale, California

When the merger is completed, the combined
company will be named Proxim Corporation and each
share of old Proxim common stock will be converted into the
right to receive 1.8896 shares of Proxim Corporation common
stock. After the name change, each share of Western Multiplex
common stock will become one share of Proxim Corporation common
stock. After the merger, the current stockholders of Western
Multiplex will own approximately 50% of the combined company and
the current stockholders of Proxim will own approximately 50% of
the combined company. We expect that the common stock of the
combined company will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market
under the trading symbol PROX.

If Proxim stockholders fail to return a properly
executed proxy card or to vote in person at the Proxim special
meeting, it will have the same effect as a vote against the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement. Affiliates of Ripplewood
Holdings L.L.C., which beneficially own a majority of the
outstanding shares of Western Multiplex common stock, have
agreed to vote in favor of the issuance of shares of Western
Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger.
Consequently, we expect the issuance to be approved by Western
Multiplex stockholders regardless of how other Western Multiplex
stockholders vote.

The boards of directors of each of Proxim and
Western Multiplex have approved the merger agreement and
recommend that their respective stockholders vote
FOR the merger proposals described in the attached
materials. Before voting, you should carefully review all the
information contained in the attached proxy statement/
prospectus and in particular you should consider the matters
discussed under Risk Factors beginning on
page 16.

Whether or not you expect to attend the meeting,
please complete, date, sign and promptly return the accompanying
proxy in the enclosed postage paid envelope so that your shares
may be represented at the meeting, regardless of the number of
shares you own.

We strongly support the merger of Proxim and
Western Multiplex and enthusiastically recommend that you vote
in favor of the proposals presented to you for approval.

Sincerely,

David C. King

Chairman, President and

	Chief Executive Officer of Proxim

Jonathan N. Zakin

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

	of Western Multiplex

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities regulator has approved or disapproved
the merger described in this proxy statement/ prospectus or the
Western Multiplex common stock to be issued in connection with
the merger, or determined if this proxy statement/ prospectus is
accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a
criminal offense.

This proxy statement/ prospectus is dated
February 25, 2002 and is first being mailed to stockholders
on or about February 26, 2002.



WESTERN MULTIPLEX CORPORATION

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held on March 26, 2002

To the Stockholders of Western Multiplex
Corporation:

A special meeting of stockholders of Western
Multiplex will be held at the Sheraton Hotel, 1108 North
Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale, California on Tuesday,
March 26, 2002 at 11:00 a.m., local time, for the
following purposes:

1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to
	approve the issuance of Western Multiplex common stock pursuant
	to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of
	January 16, 2002, among Western Multiplex Corporation,
	Walnut-Pine Merger Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Western
	Multiplex, and Proxim, Inc., under which:

 

Walnut-Pine Merger Corp. will be merged into
	Proxim, with Proxim continuing as the surviving corporation and
	becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Western Multiplex; and

 

each issued and outstanding share of Proxim
	common stock will be canceled and converted into the right to
	receive 1.8896 shares of Western Multiplex Class A
	common stock.

2. To transact any other business as may
	properly come before the special meeting or any adjournment or
	postponement of the special meeting.

Our board of directors has unanimously approved
the merger agreement and the issuance of Western Multiplex
common stock in the merger and recommends that you vote 
FOR

approval of the issuance of shares of Western Multiplex
common stock in the merger. The proposal is described in more
detail in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, which you
should read in its entirety before voting. A copy of the merger
agreement is attached as Annex A to the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus.

Immediately following the merger, Western
Multiplex will change its name to Proxim Corporation
and its ticker symbol to PROX. Proxim, Inc. will
change its name to Proxim Wireless Networks, Inc.

Only stockholders of record at the close of
business on February 21, 2002 are entitled to notice of the
special meeting, and to vote at the special meeting and at any
adjournment or postponement thereof.

All Western Multiplex stockholders are cordially
invited to attend the special meeting in person. However, to
ensure your representation at the special meeting, we urge you
to complete, sign and return the enclosed proxy card as promptly
as possible in the enclosed postage-prepaid envelope. You may
revoke your proxy in the manner described in the accompanying
proxy statement/prospectus at any time before it is voted at the
special meeting.

We cannot complete the merger unless holders of a
majority of the shares of Western Multiplex common stock as of
February 21, 2002, represented in person or by proxy and
entitled to vote at the Western Multiplex special meeting at
which a quorum is present, vote for the proposal. Affiliates of
Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C., which beneficially own a majority of
the outstanding shares of Western Multiplex common stock, have
agreed to vote in favor of the issuance of shares of Western
Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger. Therefore,
we expect the proposal to be approved by our stockholders
regardless of how other stockholders vote.

By order of the board of directors,

Nancy Huber

Chief Financial Officer, Executive
	Vice

President and Secretary

Sunnyvale, California

February 25, 2002



PROXIM, INC.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held on March 26, 2002

To the Stockholders of Proxim, Inc.:

A special meeting of stockholders of Proxim, Inc.
will be held at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California on
Tuesday, March 26, 2002 at 10:00 a.m., local time, for
the following purposes:

1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to
	adopt the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of
	January 16, 2002, among Western Multiplex Corporation,
	Walnut-Pine Merger Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Western
	Multiplex Corporation, and Proxim, Inc. under which:

 

Walnut-Pine Merger Corp. will be merged into
	Proxim, with Proxim continuing as the surviving corporation and
	becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Western Multiplex; and

 

each issued and outstanding share of Proxim
	common stock will be canceled and converted into the right to
	receive 1.8896 shares of Western Multiplexs
	Class A common stock.

2. To transact any other business as may
	properly come before the special meeting or any adjournment or
	postponement of the special meeting.

Our board of directors has unanimously approved
the merger agreement and the merger and recommends that you vote

FOR 
the adoption of the merger agreement. The proposal is
described in more detail in the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus, which you should read in its entirety
before voting. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as
Annex A to the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus.

Immediately following the merger, Western
Multiplex will change its name to Proxim Corporation
and its ticker symbol to PROX. Proxim, Inc. will
change its name to Proxim Wireless Networks, Inc.

Only stockholders of record at the close of
business on February 21, 2002 are entitled to notice of the
special meeting, and to vote at the special meeting and at any
adjournment or postponement thereof.

All Proxim stockholders are cordially invited to
attend the special meeting in person. However, to ensure your
representation at the special meeting, we urge you to complete,
sign and return the enclosed proxy card as promptly as possible
in the enclosed postage-prepaid envelope. Holders of record may
also vote by telephone or over the Internet by following the
instructions provided on the enclosed proxy card. You may revoke
your proxy in the manner described in the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus at any time before it is voted at the
special meeting. 
If you fail to return a properly executed
proxy card, vote by telephone or over the Internet or vote in
person at the special meeting, the effect will be a vote against
the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

We cannot complete the merger unless holders of
shares of Proxim common stock representing a majority of the
shares of common stock outstanding as of February 21, 2002
vote to adopt the merger agreement.

Please do not send any stock certificates at
this time.

By order of the board of directors,

Jeffrey D. Saper

Secretary

Sunnyvale, California

February 25, 2002



ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This proxy statement/prospectus
incorporates by reference important business and
financial information about Western Multiplex and Proxim from
documents that are not included in or delivered with this proxy
statement/ prospectus. You may obtain documents incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus without charge by
requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate
company at the following addresses:

Western Multiplex Corporation

	1196 Borregas Avenue

	Sunnyvale, California 94089

	Tel: (408) 542-5200

	Attn: Corporate Secretary

Proxim, Inc.

	510 DeGuigne Drive

	Sunnyvale, California 94085

	Tel: (408) 731-2700

	Attn: Chief Financial Officer

If you are a stockholder and would like to
request any documents related to Western Multiplex or Proxim,
please do so by March 19, 2002 in order to receive them
before your special meeting.

For a more detailed description of the
information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/
prospectus and how you may obtain it, see Where You Can
Find More Information on page 105.



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

The Companies

Summary of the Merger (see page 39)

Recommendation of the Boards of Directors (see pages 36 and 37)

Opinions of Western Multiplexs and Proxims Financial Advisors (see pages 45 and 54)

Voting Agreements (see page 86)

Overview of the Merger Agreement

Directors and Executive Officers of the Combined Company after the Merger (see page 81)

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (see page 71)

Stockholders Agreement (see page 87)

Tax Consequences (see page 67)

Risks (see page 16)

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Western Multiplex Stock (see page 70)

Comparative Market Price Information (see page 14)

Regulatory Approval (see page 70)

SELECTED HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Summary Historical Financial Data of Western Multiplex (In thousands, except per share amounts)

Summary Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Proxim

Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data of Western Multiplex

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

RISK FACTORS

Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger

Risks Relating to the Combined Company After the Merger

THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

Proxy Statement/Prospectus

Date, Time And Place of the Special Meetings

Purpose of the Special Meetings

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

Quorum and Vote Required

Recommendation of Western Multiplexs Board of Directors

Recommendation of Proxims Board of Directors

Voting of Proxies

Expenses; Solicitation of Proxies

Revocation of Proxies

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Joint Reasons for the Merger

Western Multiplexs Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of Western Multiplexs Board of Directors

Opinion of Western Multiplexs Financial Advisor

Proxims Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of Proxims Board of Directors

Opinion of Proxims Financial Advisors

Effective Time of the Merger

Merger Consideration

Treatment of Proxim Stock Options and Warrants

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

Exchange of Stock Certificates

No Dividends

Regulatory Matters; HSR Act and Antitrust

Accounting Treatment

Restrictions on Sales of Shares by Affiliates of Proxim

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

Stockholders Agreement

No Appraisal Rights

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger

Delisting and Deregistration of Proxim Common Stock After the Merger

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

No Solicitation Provisions

Meetings of Stockholders

Covenants; Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

Other Agreements

Termination

Termination Fees

Representations and Warranties

Amendment; Extension and Waiver

Expenses; Reimbursement

AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

Voting Agreements

Stockholders Agreement

Indemnification Agreement

Employment Agreements

Change of Control Severance Arrangements

Affiliate Agreements

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF WESTERN MULTIPLEX COMMON STOCK AND PROXIM COMMON STOCK

PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF WESTERN MULTIPLEX

PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF PROXIM

EXPERTS

LEGAL AND TAX MATTERS

SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Information on Western Multiplexs Web Sites

Information on Proxims Web Sites

STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

SIGNATURES

EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT 8.1

EXHIBIT 8.2

EXHIBIT 23.3

EXHIBIT 23.4

EXHIBIT 99.7

EXHIBIT 99.8





Page

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS

The Companies

Summary of the Merger

Recommendation of the Boards of Directors

Opinions of Western Multiplexs and
	Proxims Financial Advisors

Voting Agreements

Overview of the Merger Agreement

Directors and Executive Officers of the Combined
	Company after the Merger

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in
	the Merger

Stockholders Agreement

Tax Consequences

Risks

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Western
	Multiplex Stock

Comparative Market Price Information

Regulatory Approval

SELECTED HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
	INFORMATION

Summary Historical Financial Data of Western
	Multiplex

Summary Historical Consolidated Financial Data of
	Proxim

Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
	Financial Data of Western Multiplex

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

RISK FACTORS

Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger

Risks Relating to the Combined Company After the
	Merger

THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

Proxy Statement/ Prospectus

Date, Time And Place of the Special Meetings

Purpose of the Special Meetings

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

Quorum and Vote Required

Recommendation of Western Multiplexs Board
	of Directors

Recommendation of Proxims Board of Directors

Voting of Proxies

Expenses; Solicitation of Proxies

Revocation of Proxies

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Joint Reasons for the Merger

Western Multiplexs Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of Western Multiplexs Board
	of Directors



Page

Opinion of Western Multiplexs Financial
	Advisor

Proxims Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of Proxims Board of Directors

Opinion of Proxims Financial Advisors

Effective Time of the Merger

Merger Consideration

Treatment of Proxim Stock Options and Warrants

Material United States Federal Income Tax
	Consequences of the Merger

Exchange of Stock Certificates

No Dividends

Regulatory Matters; HSR Act and Antitrust

Accounting Treatment

Restrictions on Sales of Shares by Affiliates of
	Proxim

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in
	the Merger

Stockholders Agreement

No Appraisal Rights

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the
	Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger

Delisting and Deregistration of Proxim Common
	Stock After the Merger

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

No Solicitation Provisions

Meetings of Stockholders

Covenants; Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

Other Agreements

Termination

Termination Fees

Representations and Warranties

Amendment; Extension and Waiver

Expenses; Reimbursement

AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

Voting Agreements

Stockholders Agreement

Indemnification Agreement

Employment Agreements

Change of Control Severance Arrangements

Affiliate Agreements

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
	INFORMATION

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF WESTERN
	MULTIPLEX COMMON STOCK AND PROXIM COMMON STOCK

PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF WESTERN MULTIPLEX

PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF PROXIM

EXPERTS

ii



Page

LEGAL AND TAX MATTERS

SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

ANNEX A

Merger Agreement

ANNEX B

Opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation

ANNEX C

Opinion of JPMorgan H&Q

ANNEX D

Opinion of Broadview International LLC

iii



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q:     Why are Proxim
and Western Multiplex proposing to merge?

A:  

We are proposing to merge because we believe that
	the combination of our companies provides the potential for
	stronger combined operating and financial results than either
	company could achieve on its own. The proposed merger combines a
	leading fixed wireless company with a leading provider of
	wireless local area networking equipment. The combined company
	will seek to take advantage of the complementary strengths of
	Western Multiplex and Proxim and address strategic opportunities
	more quickly and effectively. In addition, we believe the
	combined company will have increased management depth and
	business scale, a broader combined technology and products
	portfolio, an expanded sales and distribution channel and
	reduced administrative expenses and we believe that the combined
	company will be the only company offering comprehensive and
	integrated end-to-end wireless networking solutions for mobile
	wireless backhaul, fiber extension and redundancy, enterprise
	wireless LAN and campus networking, last mile access and home
	networking.

Q:

What will Proxim stockholders receive in the
	merger?

A:  

If we complete the merger, holders of Proxim
	common stock will be entitled to receive 1.8996 shares of
	Western Multiplex common stock for each share of Proxim common
	stock they hold on the date of the merger and Western Multiplex
	will make a cash payment to Proxim stockholders instead of
	issuing fractional shares in the merger. For example, if you own
	1,000 shares of Proxim common stock, you will be entitled to
	receive 1,899 shares of Western Multiplex common stock in
	exchange for your Proxim shares and a cash payment equal to the
	value of 0.6 shares of Western Multiplex common stock. The
	number of shares of Western Multiplex common stock to be issued
	for each share of Proxim common stock is fixed and will not be
	adjusted based upon changes in the values of Western Multiplex
	or Proxim common stock. As a result, the value of the Western
	Multiplex shares you will be entitled to receive in the merger
	will not be known before the merger and will go up and down as
	the market price of Western Multiplex common stock goes up or
	down. We encourage you to obtain current market quotations for
	Western Multiplex and Proxim common stock.

Q:

What stockholder approvals are
	needed?

A:  

For Western Multiplex, the affirmative vote of
	the holders of a majority of the Western Multiplex shares
	represented at the Western Multiplex special meeting at which a
	quorum is present is required to approve the issuance of Western
	Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger. Affiliates
	of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C., which beneficially own a majority
	of the outstanding common stock of Western Multiplex, have
	agreed to vote their shares in favor of the issuance of Western
	Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger. Thus, we
	expect the proposal to be approved by Western Multiplex
	stockholders regardless of how other Western Multiplex
	stockholders vote.

For Proxim, the affirmative vote of holders of
	Proxim common stock representing a majority of the outstanding
	shares of Proxim common stock as of February 21, 2002 is
	required to adopt the merger agreement. Proxims directors
	and executive officers, who collectively owned approximately
	1.3% of the outstanding Proxim common stock as of
	February 21, 2002, have agreed with Western Multiplex to
	vote all of their shares in favor of adoption of the merger
	agreement.

Q:

When do you expect to complete the
	merger?

A:  

We are working to complete the merger as quickly
	as possible. We expect to complete the merger at the end of the
	first calendar quarter or early in the second calendar quarter
	of 2002.



Q:

Are Proxim or Western Multiplex stockholders
	entitled to appraisal rights?

A:  

No. Holders of Proxim and Western Multiplex
	stock do not have the right to an appraisal of the value of
	their shares in connection with the merger. See The
	Merger  No Appraisal Rights on page 73.

Q:

What do I need to do now?

A:  

After carefully reading and considering the
	information contained in this proxy statement/ prospectus,
	please complete and sign your proxy and return it in the
	enclosed return envelope as soon as possible, so that your
	shares may be represented at your special meeting. If you return
	your proxy card but do not include instructions on how to vote
	your proxy, we will vote your shares 
FOR 
the proposals
	being made at your special meeting unless your shares are held
	in street name in a brokerage account. Proxim
	stockholders of record may also vote by telephone or over the
	Internet by following the instructions on the enclosed proxy
	card.

The Proxim and Western Multiplex special meetings
	will take place on Tuesday, March 26, 2002. You may attend
	your special meeting and vote your shares in person rather than
	voting by proxy.

Q:

What happens if I do not vote?

A:  

If you are a Proxim stockholder and you do not
	submit a proxy or vote in person at your special meeting, it
	will have the same effect as a vote 
against 
adoption of
	the merger agreement. If you submit a proxy and affirmatively
	elect to abstain from voting, your proxy will be counted as
	present for the purposes of determining the presence of a
	quorum, but will not be voted at the special meeting. As a
	result, your abstention will have the same effect as a vote

against
 adoption of the merger agreement.

If you are a Western Multiplex stockholder and
	you do not submit a proxy or vote in person at your special
	meeting, your shares will not be counted as present for the
	purpose of determining a quorum and will have no effect on the
	outcome of the proposal to approve the issuance of shares of
	Western Multiplex common stock on the merger. If you submit a
	proxy and affirmatively elect to abstain from voting, your proxy
	will be counted as present for the purposes of determining the
	presence of a quorum but will not be voted at the special
	meeting. As a result, your abstention will have the same effect
	as a vote 
against
 the issuance of Western Multiplex
	common stock in the merger.

Q:

If my shares are held in street
	name by my broker, will my broker vote my shares for
	me?

A:

Your broker will vote your shares only if you
	provide instructions on how to vote in accordance with the
	information and procedures provided to you by your broker. If
	you hold Proxim common stock and do not instruct your broker how
	to vote your shares, it will be equivalent to voting against the
	proposal being made at your special meeting.

For a more complete description of voting shares
	held in street name, see the section entitled
	The Special Meetings on page 35.

Q:

Can I change my vote after I have mailed my
	signed proxy?

A:  

Yes. If you want to change your vote, send the
	corporate secretary of Western Multiplex or Proxim, as
	applicable, a later-dated, signed proxy card before your special
	meeting or attend your special meeting and vote in person.
	Proxim stockholders of record may also revoke proxies by a
	later-dated proxy using the telephone or Internet voting
	procedures described on the enclosed proxy card. You may also
	revoke your proxy by sending written notice to the relevant
	corporate secretary before your special meeting.



Q:

Should I send in my stock certificates
	now?

A:  

No. Stockholders should not send in their
	stock certificates now. After the merger is completed, we will
	send you written instructions for exchanging your stock
	certificates for certificates representing shares of the
	combined company.

Q:     Whom should I
call with questions?

A:

If you have any questions about the merger or if
	you need additional copies of this proxy statement/prospectus or
	the enclosed proxy, you should contact:

Western Multiplex stockholders:

Proxim stockholders:

Georgeson Shareholder Communications

	111 Commerce Road

	Carlstadt, New Jersey 07072

	Toll Free: (866) 649-8027

	or

Georgeson Shareholder Communications

	111 Commerce Road

	Carlstadt, New Jersey 07072

	Toll Free: (866) 649-8027

	or

Western Multiplex Corporation

	1196 Borregas Avenue

	Sunnyvale, California 94089

	Tel: (408) 542-5200

	Attn: Corporate Secretary

Proxim, Inc.

	510 DeGuigne Drive

	Sunnyvale, California 94085

	Tel: (408) 731-2700

	Attn: Chief Financial Officer

You may also obtain additional information
about Western Multiplex and Proxim from documents filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission by following the instructions
in the section entitled Where You Can Find More
Information on page 105.



SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/
PROSPECTUS

We are sending this proxy statement/prospectus
to Western Multiplex and Proxim stockholders. This summary
highlights selected information from this proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all the information
that is important to you. To better understand the merger, you
should read this entire document carefully, including the
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization attached as Annex A,
the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation attached
as Annex B, the opinion of JPMorgan H&Q attached as
Annex C, and the opinion of Broadview International LLC
attached as Annex D, and the other documents to which we
refer. In addition, we incorporate by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus important business and financial
information about Western Multiplex and Proxim. You may obtain
the information incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus without charge by following the
instructions in the section entitled Where You Can Find
More Information on page 105. We have included page
references parenthetically to direct you to a more complete
description of the topics presented in this summary.

The Companies

          Western
Multiplex Corporation

Borregas Avenue

          Sunnyvale,
California 94089

          (408) 542-5200

Western Multiplex Corporation is a leader in
broadband fixed-wireless communication systems used by leading
Internet Service Providers, telecommunications carriers and
corporations worldwide. Western Multiplexs fixed-wireless
telco and IP based systems address the growing need of service
providers and end-users to rapidly and cost-effectively deploy
high-speed communication networks for mobile communication
backhaul, fiber extension, multi-tenant/multi-dwelling unit
Internet access, enterprise, government and education campus
connectivity and enable last mile access.

          Proxim,
Inc.

DeGuigne Drive

          Sunnyvale,
California 94085

          (408) 731-2700

Proxim, Inc., a leader in wireless networking,
delivers a range of flexible, multi-standard wireless networking
solutions for enterprises, service providers, small business and
homes. With more than 15 years at the forefront of wireless
networking innovation and product development, Proxim has
solutions that meet the unique needs of every market it serves.
Proxim is a member of the Wireless Ethernet Compatibility
Alliance and a Promoter of the Home Radio Frequency Working
Group. The company is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California,
with offices globally.

Summary of the Merger (see
page 39)

In the merger, Walnut-Pine Merger Corp., a
newly-formed wholly owned subsidiary of Western Multiplex
Corporation, will merge into Proxim, Inc. with Proxim, Inc.
surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Western
Multiplex Corporation. As a result of the merger, each share of
Proxim, Inc. common stock will be converted into the right to
receive 1.8896 shares of the common stock of Western
Multiplex Corporation. Each share of Western Multiplex
Corporation common stock outstanding prior to the merger will be
unaffected by the merger. Immediately following the merger, the
combined company will change its name to Proxim
Corporation and its subsidiary, Proxim, Inc., will change
its name to Proxim Wireless Networks, Inc. The stock
certificates issued to former Proxim, Inc. stockholders will
bear the name Proxim Corporation rather than Western Multiplex
Corporation, and Proxim Corporation will change its ticker
symbol from WMUX to PROX.

Holders of Proxim common stock will receive cash
for any fractional shares they would otherwise be entitled to
receive in the merger. The amount of cash paid will be
calculated by multiplying the fractional



share interest each holder of Proxim common stock
would otherwise be entitled to receive by the average closing
price per share of Western Multiplex common stock over the five
trading days preceding the date of completion of the merger.

Proxim stockholders will receive shares of
Western Multiplex common stock representing approximately 50% of
the total number of shares of the combined company common stock
outstanding following the merger, based on shares and share
equivalents outstanding on January 16, 2002. On
February 22, 2002, the last trading day before the date of
this proxy statement/prospectus, Western Multiplex common stock
closed at $1.96 per share on NASDAQ.

We have attached the merger agreement, which is
the legal document that governs the merger, as Annex A to
this proxy statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read it
carefully.

Recommendation of the Boards of Directors (see
pages 36 and 37)

After careful consideration, Proxims board
of directors unanimously determined that the merger is fair to,
and in the best interests of, Proxim and its stockholders and
has declared the merger agreement advisable. Proxims board
of directors unanimously recommends that Proxim stockholders
vote 
FOR 
adoption of the merger agreement.

After careful consideration, Western
Multiplexs board of directors unanimously determined that
the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of, Western
Multiplex and its stockholders and has declared the merger
agreement advisable. Western Multiplexs board of directors
unanimously recommends that stockholders of Western Multiplex
vote 
FOR 
the issuance of Western Multiplex common stock
in connection with the merger.

Opinions of Western Multiplexs and
Proxims Financial Advisors (see pages 45 and
54)

In connection with the proposed merger, Western
Multiplexs financial advisor, Credit Suisse First Boston
Corporation, delivered a written opinion to the Western
Multiplex board of directors as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to Western Multiplex of the exchange
ratio provided for in the merger. The full text of Credit Suisse
First Bostons written opinion, dated January 16,
2002, is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as
Annex B. We encourage you to read this opinion carefully in
its entirety for a description of the procedures followed,
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken. 
Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion
is addressed to the Western Multiplex board of directors and
does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to
any matters relating to the merger
.

In connection with the proposed merger,
Proxims financial advisors, JPMorgan H&Q and Broadview
International LLC, delivered their respective written opinions
to the Proxim board of directors as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to Proxims stockholders of the
exchange ratio provided for in the merger. The full texts of
JPMorgan H&Qs written opinion, dated January 16,
2002, and Broadviews written opinion, dated
January 16, 2002, are attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex C and Annex D. We
encourage you to read these opinions carefully in their entirety
for a description of the procedures followed, assumptions made,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken.

JPMorgan H&Qs opinion and Broadviews opinion,
respectively, are addressed to the Proxim board of directors and
do not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to any
matters relating to the merger.

Voting Agreements (see page 86)

As more fully described in this proxy
statement/prospectus, a number of stockholders of each of
Western Multiplex and Proxim have agreed to vote all of their
shares of Western Multiplex or Proxim common stock, as the case
may be, in favor of the transaction. The Western Multiplex
stockholders who have agreed with Proxim to vote for the share
issuance include Jonathan N. Zakin, the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Western Multiplex, Amir Zoufonoun, the
President and the Chief Operating



Officer of Western Multiplex, and affiliates of
Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C., which beneficially own a majority of
the outstanding shares of Western Multiplex common stock. Thus,
we expect the share issuance proposal to be approved by Western
Multiplex stockholders regardless of how other Western Multiplex
stockholders vote. The Proxim directors and executive officers
who have agreed with Western Multiplex to vote in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement include David C. King,
Proxims Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
Keith E. Glover, Proxims Chief Financial Officer, and
each of Proxims directors. Such persons collectively
beneficially own 1.3% of the outstanding Proxim common stock as
of the Proxim record date.

Overview of the Merger Agreement

Conditions to Completion of the Merger (see
	page 75)

Western Multiplexs and Proxims
obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of several closing conditions, including
the following:

 

Proxim stockholders must adopt the merger
	agreement and Western Multiplex stockholders must approve the
	issuance of Western Multiplex common stock in the merger;

 

the waiting period applicable to the merger under
	the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act must have expired or been terminated;

 

there must not be any pending or threatened suit
	or action asserted by a governmental entity challenging or
	seeking to restrain or prohibit the completion of the merger;

 

each party must have received an opinion from its
	tax counsel to the effect that the merger will constitute a
	reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
	Internal Revenue Code; and

 

the shares of Western Multiplex common stock to
	be issued in connection with the merger must be approved for
	listing on NASDAQ, subject to official notice of issuance.

In addition, the obligation of each of Western
Multiplex and Proxim to effect the merger is further subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional
conditions:

 

the representations and warranties of the other
	party in the merger agreement must be true and correct, except
	as would not have a material adverse effect; and

 

the other party must have complied in all
	material respects with all agreements and covenants in the
	merger agreement.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (see
	page 81)

Western Multiplex and Proxim have the right to
terminate the merger agreement before the merger is completed:

 

by mutual written consent;

 

by either party, if the merger has not been
	completed by July 31, 2002 through no fault of the
	terminating party;

 

by either party, if a governmental entity
	permanently restricts or enjoins consummation of the merger;

 

by either party, if the stockholders of Western
	Multiplex fail to approve the issuance of Western Multiplex
	common stock in the merger or if the stockholders of Proxim fail
	to adopt the merger agreement, at their respective
	stockholders meeting;

 

by either party, if the other party has breached
	or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties,
	covenants or other agreements contained in the merger agreement
	such that the



conditions to closing would not be satisfied, and
	such breach has not been or cannot be cured on or before
	July 31, 2002;

 

by either party, if the other partys board
	of directors withdraws, amends or modifies its recommendation of
	the merger, or fails to reaffirm its recommendation following
	announcement of a competing acquisition proposal;

 

by either party, if the other partys board
	of directors has approved or recommended any competing
	acquisition proposal;

 

by either party, if the other partys board
	of directors failed to call, hold and convene its
	stockholders meeting;

 

by either party, if a tender or exchange offer
	has been commenced by a third party for the other partys
	securities and such other party has not sent to its
	securityholders a statement that its board of directors
	recommends rejecting such tender or exchange offer; and

 

by either party, if its board of directors
	determines that its fiduciary duties require it to do so
	following receipt of a competing acquisition proposal from a
	third party that is superior to the terms of the merger
	agreement.

Termination Fees; Costs (see page
	82)

Western Multiplex or Proxim may be required to
pay a termination fee to the other as follows:

 

Proxim may be obligated to pay Western Multiplex
	a termination fee of $9.5 million if the merger agreement
	is terminated in specified circumstances following the public
	announcement of a competing acquisition proposal involving
	Proxim; and

 

Western Multiplex may be obligated to pay Proxim
	a termination fee of $9.5 million if the merger agreement
	is terminated in specified circumstances following the public
	announcement of a competing acquisition proposal involving
	Western Multiplex.

In addition, if Proxims stockholders fail
to adopt the merger agreement or Western Multiplexs
stockholders fail to approve the share issuance in circumstances
in which the termination fee described above would not be
payable, the other party would be entitled to the reimbursement
of up to $1.5 million in fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the merger.

No Solicitation Provisions (see
	page 77)

The merger agreement contains detailed provisions
prohibiting Western Multiplex and Proxim from seeking a
competing acquisition transaction. These no
solicitation provisions prohibit Western Multiplex and
Proxim, as well as their officers, directors, subsidiaries and
representatives, from taking any action to solicit a competing
acquisition proposal.

Directors and Executive Officers of the
Combined Company after the Merger (see page 81)

After the merger, the board of directors of the
combined company will consist of seven members, including three
current members of Western Multiplexs board of directors,
three current members of Proxims board of directors and
one independent member selected with the approval of the other
six.

Following the merger, Jonathan N. Zakin, the
current Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of
directors of Western Multiplex, will be Chairman and the Chief
Executive Officer of the combined company, Proxim Corporation.
David C. King, the current Chief Executive Officer, President
and Chairman of the board of directors of Proxim, will be
appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of Proxim
Corporation. Keith E. Glover, the current Chief Financial
Officer of Proxim, will be appointed as Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Proxim Corporation and Amir
Zoufonoun, the current President and Chief Operating Officer of
Western Multiplex, will be appointed Executive Vice President,
Technology of Proxim Corporation.



Interests of Directors and Executive Officers
in the Merger (see page 71)

When considering the recommendation of Western
Multiplexs and Proxims boards of directors, you
should be aware that some of the directors and executive
officers in each company have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, yours. These interests
include:

 

David C. King, Proxims Chairman and Chief
	Executive Officer, has entered into an employment agreement with
	Western Multiplex effective on the closing of the merger that
	provides for a new grant of options to purchase shares of the
	combined company and new terms and conditions of his employment
	as President and Chief Operating Officer of the combined
	company, including certain change of control severance benefits;

 

Amir Zoufonoun, Western Multiplexs
	President and Chief Operating Officer, will enter into an
	employment agreement with Western Multiplex to become effective
	upon the closing of the merger which will govern the terms of
	his employment as Executive Vice President, Technology of the
	combined company and will provide for the forgiveness of certain
	debts owed by Mr. Zoufonoun to Western Multiplex;

 

the issuance of shares in the merger will
	increase the number of shares of outstanding Western Multiplex
	common stock and is expected to result in greater share trading
	volume, which will affect the Rule 144 volume limitations
	that apply to Western Multiplexs affiliates, including our
	stockholders affiliated with Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C., who
	collectively will beneficially own approximately 27% of the
	combined companys common stock and two of whose officers
	are currently directors of Western Multiplex, and which may help
	facilitate any broader transfers of shares by these affiliates;

 

as a result of the merger, 900,000 unvested
	options held by Jonathan N. Zakin to acquire shares of Western
	Multiplex common stock, 290,046 unvested options held by
	Amir Zoufonoun to acquire shares of Western Multiplex
	common stock and 237,500 unvested options held by David C. King
	to acquire shares of Proxim common stock, in each case, will
	vest and become fully exercisable;

 

in addition to Mr. Kings employment
	arrangements, six officers of Proxim have change of control
	severance agreements which provide for acceleration of their
	stock options and severance packages if they are terminated
	without cause or constructively discharged during the
	24 months following the closing of the merger;

 

four of Western Multiplexs executive
	officers will receive severance packages and acceleration of
	their stock options in connection with their departure following
	the closing of the merger;

 

three directors from each companys board of
	directors, including Messrs. Zakin and King, will become
	members of the board of directors of the combined company;

 

unvested options issued under two of
	Proxims stock option plans will accelerate in part upon
	completion of the merger; and

 

the combined company will indemnify each present
	and former Western Multiplex and Proxim officer and director as
	well as affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. against
	liabilities arising out of such persons services as an
	officer or director and the transactions contemplated by the
	merger agreement, and Western Multiplex will maintain
	Proxims officers and directors liability
	insurance to cover any such liabilities for the next six years.

Stockholders Agreement (see
page 87)

Affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C.
currently hold a majority of the outstanding common stock of
Western Multiplex. The substantial majority of those shares are
eligible for sale to the public pursuant to registration rights
held by these affiliates and under Rule 144 of the
Securities Act. As an inducement to Proxims willingness to
enter into the merger agreement, Western Multiplex and these
affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. that own shares of
Western Multiplex common stock have entered into a



stockholders agreement that will become effective
upon the completion of the merger. This stockholders agreement,
among other things:

 

limits the number of shares of common stock of
	the combined company that affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings
	L.L.C. may sell or transfer until the earlier of the one-year
	anniversary of the completion of the merger and the date that
	affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. no longer own at least
	10% of the outstanding Western Multiplex common stock of the
	combined company, and

 

grants demand registration rights and piggyback
	registration rights to affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C.
	subject to customary limitations.

Tax Consequences (see page 67)

We expect that, if the merger is completed, you
will not recognize gain or loss for United States federal income
tax purposes, except with respect to the cash, if any, received
by Proxim stockholders instead of fractional shares of Western
Multiplex common stock. However, we strongly encourage you to
consult your own tax advisor to determine your particular tax
consequences.

Risks (see page 16)

In evaluating the merger agreement or the
issuance of Western Multiplex common stock in the merger, you
should carefully read this proxy statement/prospectus and
especially consider the factors discussed in the section
entitled Risk Factors.

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Western
Multiplex Stock (see page 70)

All shares of Western Multiplex common stock
received by Proxim stockholders in connection with the merger
will be freely transferable unless the holder is considered an
affiliate of either Western Multiplex or Proxim under the
Securities Act of 1933. Shares of Western Multiplex received by
affiliates may only be sold pursuant to Rule 145 of the
Securities Act or pursuant to a registration statement or an
exemption from the requirements of the Securities Act.

Comparative Market Price Information (see page
14)

Western Multiplexs common stock is listed
on the Nasdaq National Market. On January 16, 2002, the
last full trading day prior to the public announcement of the
proposed merger, Western Multiplexs common stock closed at
$4.20 per share. On February 22, 2002, the last trading day
prior to the date of this proxy statement/ prospectus, Western
Multiplexs common stock closed at $1.96 per share.

Proxims common stock is listed on the
Nasdaq National Market. On January 16, 2002, the last full
trading day prior to the public announcement of the proposed
merger, Proxims common stock closed at $8.72 per share. On
February 22, 2002, the last trading day prior to the date
of this proxy statement/ prospectus, Proxims common stock
closed at $3.53 per share.

Stockholders of both companies should obtain
current market quotations.

Regulatory Approval (see page 70)

The merger is subject to review by the Department
of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission to determine whether
it is in compliance with applicable antitrust laws.



SELECTED HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
INFORMATION

The following tables present summary historical
financial data, summary unaudited pro forma combined financial
data, market price and dividend data and comparative per share
data for Western Multiplex and Proxim. The summary unaudited
combined pro forma data includes the results of operations and
financial data of Western Multiplex and Proxim and should be
read in conjunction with the introduction to pro forma financial
information, pro forma financial statements and related notes
included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.

The following selected financial data are only a
summary and should be read in conjunction with Western
Multiplexs consolidated financial statements and related
notes included in Western Multiplexs annual reports and
other financial information included in Western Multiplexs
filings with the SEC. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page 105. The statement of operations
data for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
and the balance sheet data at December 31, 2001 and 2000
are derived from consolidated financial statements audited by
Arthur Andersen LLP, independent accountants, incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus. The statement
of operations data for the years ended December 31, 1998
and 1997 and balance sheet data as of December 31, 1999 and
1998 are derived from audited financial statements not
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus.
The balance sheet data as of December 31, 1997 are derived
from unaudited financial statements not incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus.

Summary Historical Financial Data of Western
Multiplex

(In thousands, except per share
amounts)

Years Ended December 31,

Statements of Operations Data:

Revenue, net

$

32,108

$

32,903

$

44,750

$

105,508

$

105,730

Gross profit

16,069

15,200

22,280

55,042

49,843

Income (loss) from operations

5,065

3,004

4,376

13,404

(31,087

)

Net income (loss)

3,488

1,835

1,177

6,295

(25,598

)

Basic net income (loss) per share

$

0.04

$

0.02

$

0.02

$

0.13

$

(0.44

)

Diluted net income (loss) per share

$

0.04

$

0.02

$

0.02

$

0.12

$

(0.44

)

Shares used in computing basic net income (loss)
	per share

80,000

80,000

73,000

47,045

57,559

Shares used in computing diluted net income
	(loss) per share

80,000

80,000

73,000

52,081

57,559

December 31,

(Unaudited)

Balance Sheets Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

3,507

$

1,377

$

1,913

$

31,094

$

16,552

Short-term investments







20,633

6,738

Working capital

10,266

9,835

4,481

84,684

65,083

Total assets

34,937

35,146

43,322

140,877

134,398

Long-term obligations, less current portion





19,153



Total stockholders equity

31,845

30,719

11,006

122,024

118,252

Dividends per common share

0.15











The following selected financial data are only a
summary and should be read in conjunction with Proxims
financial statements and related notes included in Proxims
annual reports and other financial information included in
Proxims filings with the SEC. See Where You Can Find
More Information on page 105. The statement of
operations data for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000
and 1999 and the balance sheet data at December 31, 2001
and 2000 are derived from financial statements audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants,
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus.
The statement of operations data for the years ended
December 31, 1998 and 1997 and balance sheet data as of
December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 are derived from audited
financial statements not incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/ prospectus.

Summary Historical Consolidated Financial Data
of Proxim

(In thousands, except per share
amounts)

Years Ended December 31,

Statements of Operations Data:

Revenue

$

45,091

$

52,047

$

70,067

$

107,498

$

85,536

Gross profit (loss)

21,605

25,136

32,872

46,135

(16,663

)

Income (loss) from operations

1,309

5,499

1,188

2,135

(92,587

)

Net income (loss)

5,153

2,149

(107,799

)

Basic net income (loss) per share

$

0.02

$

0.25

$

0.02

$

0.08

$

(3.87

)

Diluted net income (loss) per share

$

0.02

$

0.23

$

0.02

$

0.07

$

(3.87

)

Shares used in computing basic net income (loss)
	per share

20,388

20,928

22,968

25,868

27,860

Shares used in computing diluted net income
	(loss) per share

22,508

22,728

25,696

28,933

27,860

December 31,

Balance Sheets Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

63,068

$

39,549

$

46,924

$

49,355

$

48,012

Marketable securities



28,178

21,341

21,233

Working capital

73,901

81,950

90,804

122,226

80,602

Total assets

90,163

95,626

145,555

198,170

126,353

Long-term obligations, less current portion





2,300

4,349

10,017

Total stockholders equity

79,637

86,699

131,053

180,335

106,921

Dividends per common share













Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined

Financial Data of Western Multiplex

(In thousands, except per share
amounts)

The summary unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial data below presents Western Multiplex summary
statements of operations and certain balance sheet data on a pro
forma basis to reflect Western Multiplexs proposed merger
with Proxim as though such transaction had occurred on
January 1, 2001 for the statement of operations data and on
December 31, 2001 for the balance sheet data. The summary
unaudited consolidated pro forma condensed combined financial
data should be read in conjunction with the full unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information beginning on
page 91 of this proxy statement/ prospectus as well as the
respective audited consolidated financial statements and related
notes of Western Multiplex and audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes of Proxim incorporated by reference
in this proxy statement/ prospectus.

You should not rely on the selected unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information as an indication
of the results of operations or financial position that would
have been achieved if this merger had taken place earlier or of
the results of operations or financial position of the combined
company after completion of the merger.

Year Ended

December 31,

Statements of Operations Data:

Revenue, net

$

191,266

Gross profit

36,012

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets

4,331

Amortization of deferred stock compensation

5,931

Amortization of goodwill and intangible assets

14,473

Loss from operations

(114,986

)

Net loss

(124,709

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(1.13

)

Shares used in computing basic and diluted net
	loss per share

110,203

December 31,

Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

64,564

Working capital

132,599

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net

222,470

Total assets

422,919

Long-term obligations, less current portion

10,017

Total stockholders equity

$

373,341



COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

The information below reflects:

 

the historical net loss and book value per share
	of Western Multiplex common stock and the historical net
	loss and book value per share of Proxim common stock in
	comparison with the unaudited combined pro forma net loss and
	book value per share of Western Multiplex after giving effect to
	the proposed merger of Western Multiplex with Proxim as though
	such transaction had occurred on January 1, 2001 and
	December 31, 2001, respectively, using the purchase method
	of accounting for business combinations; and

 

the unaudited combined pro forma net loss and
	book value per share attributable to 1.8896 shares of Western
	Multiplex common stock which will be received for each share of
	Proxim common stock.

You should read the tables below in conjunction
with the respective audited financial statements and related
notes of Western Multiplex and audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes of Proxim incorporated by reference
in this proxy statement/prospectus and the unaudited pro forma
combined financial information and notes related to these
financial statements included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus. You should not rely on the unaudited
combined data as an indication of the results of operations or
financial position that would have been achieved if this merger
had taken place earlier or of the results of operations or
financial position of the combined company after completion of
the merger.

Year Ended

December 31,

Historical per share data  Western
	Multiplex basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.44

)

Book value per share (unaudited)

$

2.00

Year Ended

December 31,

Historical per share data  Proxim basic and
	diluted net loss per share

$

(3.87

)

Book value per share (unaudited)

$

3.41

Year Ended

December 31,

(Unaudited)

Pro Forma per share data  Combined basic
	and diluted net loss per Western Multiplex share

$

(1.13

)

Basic and diluted net loss per equivalent Proxim
	share(1)

$

(2.14

)

Book value per Western Multiplex share

$

3.15

Book value per equivalent Proxim share(1)

$

5.96

(1) 

The equivalent combined pro forma net loss and
	book value per Proxim share is calculated by multiplying the
	combined pro forma per share amounts by the exchange ratio of
	1.8896 shares of Western Multiplex common stock for each share
	of Proxim common stock.



MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

Shares of Western Multiplex and Proxim common
stock are listed on the Nasdaq National Market. Public trading
of Western Multiplexs common stock under the symbol
WMUX commenced on August 1, 2000. Public
trading of Proxims common stock under the symbol
PROX commenced on December 15, 1993.

The following table sets forth, for the fiscal
quarters indicated, the high and low sales prices for a share of
Western Multiplex and Proxim common stock as reported on NASDAQ.

Western Multiplex

Proxim

Common Stock

Common Stock

High

Low

High

Low

First Quarter





$

16.44

$

10.44

Second Quarter





29.00

14.34

Third Quarter





29.84

19.66

Fourth Quarter





55.00

18.19

First Quarter





$

85.33

$

41.25

Second Quarter





60.38

30.59

Third Quarter (see note below)

$

21.44

$

12.00

63.25

36.00

Fourth Quarter

17.13

4.94

65.94

35.50

First Quarter

$

17.00

$

6.63

$

38.69

$

8.97

Second Quarter

8.20

2.50

18.16

9.00

Third Quarter

5.60

2.82

13.53

7.91

Fourth Quarter

5.85

3.25

12.95

6.72

First Quarter (through February 22, 2002)

$

5.78

$

1.85

$

11.10

$

3.52

The market information for the third quarter of
2000 includes market price information for Western Multiplex
common stock from August 1, 2000 (the first trading day
following its initial public offering) through
September 29, 2000, the last trading day of the period.

The following table sets forth the closing prices
per share of Western Multiplex common stock and Proxim common
stock as reported on NASDAQ on:

 

January 16, 2002, the last full trading day
	prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger; and

 

February 22, 2002, the last full trading day
	for which closing prices were available prior to the printing of
	this proxy statement/prospectus.

The following table also sets forth the
equivalent prices per share of Proxim common stock. The
equivalent price per share of Proxim common stock is equal to
the closing price of a share of Western Multiplex common stock
on the applicable date multiplied by 1.8896, which is the number
of shares of Western Multiplex common stock to be issued in the
merger in exchange for each share of Proxim common stock. The
equivalent per share prices reflect the market value of Western
Multiplex common stock that Proxim stockholders would be
entitled to receive for each share of Proxim common stock if the
merger were completed on the specified dates. Because the market
price of Western Multiplex common



stock may increase or decrease before the merger
is completed, Proxim stockholders are urged to obtain current
market quotations.

Equivalent Price

Per Share of

Western Multiplex

Proxim

Proxim

Date

Common Stock

Common Stock

Common Stock

January 16, 2002

$

4.20

$

8.72

$

7.94

February 22, 2002

1.96

3.53

3.70

Western Multiplexs and Proxims fiscal
years end on December 31 of each year. In 1997, Western
Multiplex declared and paid an $11.6 million dividend to
GTI Acquisition Corp., its parent company at that time. Western
Multiplex has never paid dividends with respect to any shares of
its capital stock since that time. Following the merger, Western
Multiplex common stock will be listed on NASDAQ under the symbol
PROX and there will be no further market for former
shares of Proxim common stock.



RISK FACTORS

Western Multiplex and Proxim will operate as a
combined company in a market environment that cannot be
predicted and that involves significant risks, many of which
will be beyond its control. In addition to the other information
contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this proxy
statement/ prospectus, you should carefully consider the risks
described below before deciding how to vote your shares.
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
Western Multiplex and Proxim, or that are not currently believed
to be important to you, if they materialize, also may adversely
affect the merger and Western Multiplex and Proxim as a combined
company.

Risks Relating to the Proposed
Merger

Proxim stockholders will be entitled to
receive a fixed number of shares of Western Multiplex common
stock regardless of any changes in market value of Proxim or
Western Multiplex common stock before completion of the
merger.

Upon completion of the merger, each share of
Proxim common stock will be converted into the right to receive
1.8896 shares of Western Multiplex common stock. The exchange
ratio will not be adjusted for changes in the market price of
Western Multiplex common stock or Proxim common stock. As a
result, the specific dollar value of Western Multiplex common
stock that Proxim stockholders will be entitled to receive and
that Western Multiplex stockholders will retain upon completion
of the merger will depend on the market value of Western
Multiplex common stock when the merger is completed, and may
increase or decrease from the date you submit your proxy. The
share prices of Western Multiplex common stock and Proxim common
stock are subject to the general price fluctuations in the
market for publicly traded equity securities and have
experienced significant volatility. Stock price changes may
result from a variety of factors that are beyond the control of
Western Multiplex and Proxim, including changes in their
businesses, operations and prospects, regulatory considerations
and general market and economic conditions. Neither party is
permitted to walk away from the merger solely
because of changes in the market price of either partys
common stock.

Western Multiplex and Proxim may not achieve
the benefits they expect from the merger, which may have a
material adverse effect on the combined companys business,
financial condition and operating results and/or could result in
the loss of key personnel.

The combined company will need to overcome
significant challenges in order to realize any benefits or
synergies from the merger, including the timely, efficient and
successful execution of a number of post-merger events,
including:

 

integrating the operations of the two companies;

 

retaining and assimilating the key personnel of
	each company;

 

retaining existing customers of both companies
	and attracting additional customers;

 

retaining strategic partners of each company and
	attracting new strategic partners; and

 

creating uniform standards, controls, procedures,
	policies and information systems.

The execution of these post-merger events will
involve considerable risks and may not be successful.

These risks include:

 

the potential disruption of the combined
	companys ongoing business and distraction of its
	management;

 

unanticipated expenses and potential delays
	related to integration of technology and other resources of the
	two companies;

 

the impairment of relationships with employees,
	suppliers and customers as a result of any integration of new
	management personnel; and

 

potential unknown liabilities associated with the
	merger and the combined operations.



The combined company may not succeed in
addressing these risks or any other problems encountered in
connection with the merger.

The market price of the combined
companys common stock may decline as a result of the
merger.

The market price of the combined companys
common stock may decline as a result of the merger for a number
of reasons, including if:

 

the integration of the two companies is not
	completed in a timely and efficient manner;

 

the combined company does not achieve the
	perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly or to the extent
	anticipated by financial analysts, industry analysts or
	investors; or

 

the effect of the merger on the combined
	companys financial results is not consistent with the
	expectations of financial analysts, industry analysts or
	investors.

Failure to complete the merger could harm
Proxims and/or Western Multiplexs stock price,
future business and operations.

The merger could harm the financial results of
the combined company.

Western Multiplex and Proxim expect to incur
transaction costs of approximately $14 million in
connection with the merger. If the benefits of the merger do not
exceed the associated costs, including costs associated with
integrating the two companies and dilution to Western
Multiplexs and/or Proxims stockholders resulting
from the issuance of shares in connection with the merger, the
combined companys financial results, including earnings
per share, could be materially harmed.

Some of Western Multiplexs and
Proxims officers and directors have conflicts of interest
that may influence them to support or approve the
merger.

The officers and directors of Western Multiplex
and Proxim participate in arrangements that provide them with
interests in the merger that are different from yours,
including, among others, the following:

 

David C. King, Proxims Chairman, President
	and Chief Executive Officer, has entered into an employment
	agreement with Western Multiplex effective on the closing of the
	merger that provides for the grant of options to purchase shares
	of the combined company and the terms and conditions of his
	employment as President and Chief Operating Officer of the
	combined company, including certain change of control severance
	benefits;

 

Amir Zoufonoun, Western Multiplexs
	President and Chief Operating Officer, will enter into an
	employment agreement with Western Multiplex to become effective
	upon the closing of the merger which will govern the terms of
	his employment as Executive Vice President, Technology of the
	combined company and provide for the forgiveness of certain
	debts owed by Mr. Zoufonoun to Western Multiplex;

 

the issuance of shares in the merger will
	increase the number of shares of outstanding Western Multiplex
	common stock and is expected to result in greater share trading
	volume, which will affect the Rule 144 volume limitations
	that apply to our affiliates, including our stockholders
	affiliated with Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C., who collectively
	will beneficially own approximately 27.1% of the combined
	companys common stock and two of whose officers are
	current directors of Western Multiplex, and which may help
	facilitate any broader transfer of shares by these affiliates;

 

as a result of the merger, 900,000 unvested
	options held by Jonathan N. Zakin to acquire shares of
	Western Multiplex common stock, 290,046 unvested options held by
	Amir Zoufonoun to acquire shares of Western Multiplex
	common stock and 237,500 unvested options held by
	David C. King to acquire shares of Proxim common stock, in
	each case, will vest and become fully exercisable;

 

in addition to Mr. Kings employment
	arrangements, six officers of Proxim have change of control
	severance agreements which provide for acceleration of their
	stock options and severance packages



if they are terminated without cause or
	constructively discharged during the 24 months following
	the closing of the merger;

 

four of Western Multiplexs executive
	officers will receive severance packages and acceleration of
	their stock options in connection with their departure following
	the closing of the merger;

 

three directors from each companys board of
	directors, including Messrs. Zakin and King, will become
	members of the board of directors of the combined company;

 

unvested options issued under two of
	Proxims stock option plans will accelerate in part upon
	completion of the merger; and

 

the combined company will indemnify each present
	and former Western Multiplex and Proxim officer and director as
	well as affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. against
	liabilities arising out of such persons services as an
	officer or director and the transactions contemplated by the
	merger agreement, and Western Multiplex will maintain
	Proxims officers and directors liability
	insurance to cover any such liabilities for the next six years.

The receipt of compensation or other benefits in
the merger, or the continuation of indemnification arrangements
for current directors of Western Multiplex and Proxim following
completion of the merger, may influence these directors in
making their recommendation that you vote in favor of the
proposals.

Sales of Western Multiplex and Proxim products
could decline if customer relationships are disrupted by the
merger.

The merger may have the effect of disrupting
customer relationships. Western Multiplex and Proxim customers
may not continue their current buying patterns during the
pendency of, and following, the merger. Customers may defer
purchasing decisions as they evaluate the likelihood of
successful integration of the combined company or may instead
purchase products of competitors. Any significant delay or
reduction in orders for Western Multiplex or Proxim products
could cause sales of the combined companys products to
decline.

During the pendency of the merger, Western
Multiplex and Proxim may not be able to enter into a merger or
business combination with another party at a favorable price
because of restrictions in the merger agreement.

Covenants in the merger agreement may impede the
ability of Western Multiplex or Proxim to make acquisitions or
complete other transactions that are not in the ordinary course
of business pending completion of the merger. As a result, if
the merger is not consummated, the parties may be at a
disadvantage to their competitors. In addition, while the merger
agreement is in effect and subject to very narrowly defined
exceptions, each party is prohibited from soliciting,
initiating, encouraging or entering into certain extraordinary
transactions, such as a merger, sale of assets or other business
combination outside the ordinary course of business, with any
third party. Any such transactions could be favorable to such
partys stockholders.

Both companies may be subject to adverse
regulatory conditions.

A condition to completing the merger is the
termination or expiration of the waiting period under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. We cannot assure you that the Department
of Justice or Federal Trade Commission will not try to prevent
the merger or seek to impose restrictions or conditions on the
combined company as a condition of their not challenging the
merger. Depending on the nature of any restrictions or
conditions, these restrictions or conditions may jeopardize or
delay completion of the merger, or lessen the anticipated
benefits of the merger.



Future operating results of the combined
company could be adversely affected as a result of purchase
accounting treatment and the impact of amortization and
impairment of intangible assets relating to the
merger.

In accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, Western Multiplex will account for the merger using
the purchase method of accounting. Under the purchase method of
accounting, Western Multiplex will record the market value of
the Western Multiplex common stock issued in connection with the
merger, the fair value of the options to purchase Proxim common
stock that becomes options to purchase Western Multiplex common
stock and the amount of direct transaction costs as the cost of
combining with Proxim. Western Multiplex will allocate that cost
of the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
including various identifiable intangible assets (such as
acquired technology and acquired trademarks and trade names) and
to in-process research and development, based on their
respective fair values at the date of the completion of the
merger. Intangible assets will be required to be amortized
prospectively over their estimated useful lives. The purchase
price will also be allocated to deferred compensation, based on
the portion of the intrinsic value of the unvested Proxim
options assumed by Western Multiplex to the extent that service
is required after completion of the merger in order to vest. Any
excess of the purchase price over those fair market values will
be accounted for as goodwill. Western Multiplex will not be
required to amortize goodwill against income but goodwill will
be subject to periodic reviews for impairment. If Western
Multiplex is required to recognize an impairment charge, the
charge will negatively impact reported earnings in the period of
the charge.

Risks Relating to the Combined Company After
the Merger

The combined company is not profitable on a
pro forma basis and may not be profitable in the
future.

On a pro forma basis, Proxim Corporation, the
combined company, had a net loss of approximately
$124.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2001.
We cannot assure you that the combined companys revenue
will increase or continue at current levels or growth rates or
that the combined company will achieve profitability or generate
cash from operations in future periods. In view of the rapidly
evolving nature of the combined companys business and the
limited histories of Western Multiplex and Proxim in producing
many of their current products, period-to-period comparisons of
operating results are not necessarily meaningful and you should
not rely on them as indicating what the combined companys
future performance will be.

We expect that the combined company will continue
to incur significant sales, marketing, product development and
administrative expenses. As a result, the combined company will
need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability
and we cannot assure you that it will achieve profitability in
the future. Any failure to significantly increase its revenue as
the combined company implements its product and distribution
strategies would harm the combined companys business,
operating results and financial condition.

The combined company will have a limited
operating history with some of its current product lines, which
makes your evaluation of the combined company difficult and will
affect many aspects of the combined companys
business.

Proxim has been producing its 802.11a and HomeRF
2.0 products for a limited amount of time and Western Multiplex
has just begun production of its Tsunami point-to-multipoint
product. The combined companys prospects must be
considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties
frequently encountered by companies in developing industries,
particularly companies in relatively new and rapidly evolving
markets. These risks include:

 

an evolving and unpredictable business model;

 

uncertain acceptance of new products and services;

 

competition; and



 

challenges in managing growth.

We cannot assure you that the combined company
will succeed in addressing these risks. If the combined company
fails to do so, its revenue and operating results could be
materially harmed.

The combined company may experience
fluctuations in operating results and may not be able to adjust
spending in time to compensate for any unexpected revenue
shortfall which may cause operating results to fall below
expectations of securities analysts and investors.

The combined companys operating results may
fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety
of factors, many of which will be outside its control. The
combined company may be unable to adjust spending in a timely
manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall.
Accordingly, any significant shortfall in revenues in relation
to planned expenditures could materially harm the combined
companys operating results and financial condition, and
may cause operating results to fall below the expectations of
securities analysts and investors. If this happens, the trading
price of the combined companys common stock could decline
significantly.

Factors that may harm operating results include:

 

the effectiveness of the combined companys
	distribution channels and the success in maintaining its current
	distribution channels and developing new distribution channels;

 

the combined companys ability to
	effectively manage the development of new business segments and
	markets;

 

the combined companys ability to
	successfully manage the integration of operations;

 

the sell-through rate of Proxims Symphony
	HomeRF products through consumer retail channels;

 

market adoption of radio frequency, or RF,
	standards-based products (such as those compliant with the
	HomeRF, IEEE 802.11b, IEEE 802.11a, or Bluetooth
	specifications);

 

market demand for Western Multiplexs
	point-to-point Lynx and Tsunami systems;

 

market demand for Western Multiplexs
	point-to-multipoint systems;

 

technical difficulties, system downtime or other
	similar failures;

 

the combined companys ability to upgrade
	and develop its systems and infrastructure;

 

difficulties in expanding and conducting
	international operations; and

 

general economic conditions and economic
	conditions specific to the wireless communications industry.

Historically, Proxim and Western Multiplex have
not operated with a significant order backlog and a substantial
portion of their revenues in any quarter has been derived from
orders booked and shipped in that quarter. Accordingly, a
significant component of revenue expectations will be based
almost entirely on internal estimates of future demand and not
on firm customer orders. Planned operating expense levels are
relatively fixed in the short term and are based in large part
on these estimates. If orders and revenue do not meet
expectations, the combined companys operating results
could be materially adversely affected.

Shares eligible for future sale, including
shares owned by the principal stockholders of Western Multiplex,
may cause the market price of the combined companys common
stock to drop significantly, even if the combined companys
business is doing well.

The potential for sales of substantial amounts of
the combined companys common stock into the public market
after the merger may adversely affect the market price of the
combined companys common stock. After the merger is
completed, we will have approximately 118.6 million shares
of common stock outstanding based on the number of shares of
Proxim common stock and Western Multiplex common stock
outstanding as of February 21, 2002. Of these shares,
approximately 32.1 million will be held by



affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. and an
aggregate of approximately 8.5 million will be held by
Jonathan Zakin, who is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Western Multiplex, and Michael Seedman, who is currently a
director of Western Multiplex, and their respective affiliates.
The shares of the combined companys common stock held by
these stockholders will be restricted securities
within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and
will be eligible for resale subject to the volume, manner of
sale, holding period and other limitations of Rule 144 or
in a registered offering. In the event that the affiliates of
Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. distribute shares that they hold to
their members and partners that are not affiliates of the
combined company, those distributed shares could be immediately
sold without regard to any volume limitations. However, in
connection with the execution of the merger agreement, the
affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. that hold shares of
Western Multiplex common stock entered into a stockholders
agreement with Western Multiplex that will result in limitations
on their ability to transfer their shares, including
distributions to members and partners, for a limited period of
time and will provide registration rights with respect to their
shares. In general, these limitations will permit transfers of
at least five million shares during the first 30 days after
the merger and, during each subsequent 30-day period prior to
the expiration of the limitations will permit transfers of an
additional number of shares equal to the average weekly trading
volume in the combined companys common stock during the
prior four-week period. See Agreements Related to the
Merger  Stockholders Agreement.

In addition to outstanding shares eligible for
sale, as of January 16, 2002, the date the merger agreement
was signed, options and warrants to acquire 10,340,070 shares of
common stock of Western Multiplex and 9,758,641 shares of common
stock of Proxim were outstanding. Also, as of January 16,
2002, the date the merger agreement was signed, approximately an
additional 3,515,512 million shares of Western Multiplex
common stock and 5,583,723 shares of Proxim common stock were
reserved for issuance to employees of Western Multiplex and
Proxim under their existing stock option plans.

Competition within the wireless networking
industry is intense and is expected to increase significantly.
The combined companys failure to compete successfully
could materially harm its prospects and financial
results.

The market for broadband wireless systems and
wireless local area networking and building to building markets
are extremely competitive and we expect that competition will
intensify in the future. Increased competition could adversely
affect our business and operating results through pricing
pressures, the loss of market share and other factors. The
principal competitive factors affecting wireless local area
networking and fixed wireless markets include the following:
data throughput; effective RF coverage area; interference
immunity; network security; network scalability; price;
integration with voice technology; wireless networking protocol
sophistication; ability to support industry standards; roaming
capability; power consumption; product miniaturization; product
reliability; ease of use; product costs; product features and
applications; product time to market; product certifications;
changes to government regulations with respect to each country
served and related to the use of radio spectrum; brand
recognition; OEM partnerships; marketing alliances;
manufacturing capabilities and experience; effective
distribution channels; and company reputation.

The combined company could be at a disadvantage
to competitors, particularly Alcatel, Agere Systems (formerly
part of Lucent Technologies), Business Networks AB, Cisco
Systems, Ericsson, Linksys and Nortel Networks Corporation, that
have broader distribution channels, brand recognition, extensive
patent portfolios and more diversified product lines. We have
several competitors in our commercial wireless business,
including without limitation Agere Systems, Alvarion (the merger
of Breezecom and Floware), Cisco Systems (which acquired Aironet
Wireless Communications), Enterasys, Intersil, Nokia, Symbol
Technologies and 3COM.

The combined company also faces competition from
a variety of companies that offer different technologies in the
emerging home networking market, including several companies
developing competing wireless networking products. Additionally,
numerous companies have announced their intention to develop
competing products in both the commercial wireless and home
networking markets, including several Asia-based companies
offering low-price IEEE 802.11b products. We could also face
future competition from companies that offer products which
replace network adapters or offer alternative communications



solutions, or from large computer companies, PC
peripheral companies, as well as other large networking
equipment companies. Furthermore, we could face competition from
certain of our OEM customers, which have, or could acquire,
wireless engineering and product development capabilities, or
might elect to offer competing technologies. We can offer no
assurance that the combined company will be able to compete
successfully against these competitors or those competitive
pressures we face will not adversely affect our business or
operating results.

Many of our present and potential competitors
have substantially greater financial, marketing, technical and
other resources with which to pursue engineering, manufacturing,
marketing, and distribution of their products. These competitors
may succeed in establishing technology standards or strategic
alliances in the wireless LAN and building to building markets,
obtain more rapid market acceptance for their products, or
otherwise gain a competitive advantage. We can offer no
assurance the combined company will succeed in developing
products or technologies that are more effective than those
developed by our competitors. Furthermore, we compete with
companies that have high volume manufacturing and extensive
marketing and distribution capabilities, areas in which we have
only limited experience. We can offer no assurance that the
combined company will be able to compete successfully against
existing and new competitors as wireless markets evolve and the
level of competition increases.

Wireless networking markets are subject to
rapid technological change and to compete, the combined company
must continually introduce new products that achieve broad
market acceptance.

Proxim has expended substantial resources in
developing products that are designed to conform to the
IEEE 802.11 standards and the HomeRF specification. There
can be no assurance, however, that the IEEE 802.11
compliant products and Symphony HomeRF products will have a
meaningful commercial impact. In 1999, the IEEE approved a new
2.4 GHz wireless LAN standard, designated as 802.11b. Based
on direct sequence spread spectrum technology, this new standard
increased the nominal data rate from 2 Mbps to
11 Mbps. In October 2000, Proxim began to offer 802.11b
products sourced from a third party developer and manufacturer,
and there can be no assurance that the products will be
competitive in the market. In addition, Proxim has developed
higher-speed frequency hopping technology based on the FCC Part
15 rule change adopted in August 2000, that allows for wider
band hopping channels and increases the data rate from
1.6 Mbps to up to 10 Mbps. There can be no assurance
that any such new products will compete effectively with
IEEE 802.11b standard compliant products.

In 1999, a group of computer and
telecommunications industry leaders, led by Ericsson, began
developing a short range RF method to connect mobile devices
without cables called Bluetooth. Based on low power 2.4 GHz
frequency hopping spread spectrum technology, numerous
organizations are planning to deploy Bluetooth technology in a
wide variety of mobile devices such as cellular telephones,
notebook computers and handheld computers. Proxim has not
developed products that comply with Bluetooth. While Bluetooth
technology is available to develop or acquire in the market,
there can be no assurance that the combined company will develop
or acquire such technology, or that if it does develop or
acquire such technology, that such products will be competitive
in the market.

In 2000, the IEEE approved a new 5 GHz wireless
LAN standard designated as 802.11a. This new standard is based
on Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing, or OFDM,
technology with multiple data rates ranging from below
10 Mbps to approximately 50 Mbps. In 1999, the
European Telecommunications Standards Institute Project BRAN
(Broadband Radio Access Networks) committee approved a new
5 GHz wireless LAN standard designated as HiperLAN2, also
based on OFDM technology. Proxim is currently shipping initial
commercial units of 802.11a products, and certain competitors
have announced their intention to ship 802.11a products during
the first quarter of 2002. In August 2001, Proxim acquired Card
Access, Inc. a developer of 802.11a wireless networking
products, and is working to develop products based on the
802.11a standard, but there can be no assurance that the 802.11a
products will have a meaningful commercial impact.

The IEEE is evaluating a number of improvements
and enhancements to the 802.11a at 5 GHz and 802.11b at
2.4 GHz standards. The 802.11g proposal is a high speed
extension of 802.11b, offering up to 54 Mbps of throughput,
that is expected to be approved during 2002 and commercial
products are



expected to be available by early 2003. The
802.11e proposal is a quality of service enhancement to the
802.11a and 802.11b protocol for streaming multimedia support.
The 802.11i proposal addresses enhanced security for both
802.11a and 802.11b. The 802.11h proposal addresses dynamic
frequency selection and transmit power control for worldwide
radio regulation.

In addition, Proxim is a core member of the
HomeRF Working Group, an industry consortium that is
establishing an open industry standard, called the HomeRF
specification, for wireless digital communications between PCs
and consumer electronic devices, including a common interface
specification that supports wireless data and voice services in
and around the home. There can be no assurance that the HomeRF
specification, or the Symphony HomeRF products that Proxim
developed to comply with the specification, will have a
meaningful commercial impact. Further, given the emerging nature
of the wireless LAN market, there can be no assurance that the
RangeLAN2 and Symphony products and technology, or Proxims
other products or technology, will not be rendered obsolete by
alternative or competing technologies. If the combined company
is unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with
internally developed products, we may license technology from
other businesses or acquire other businesses as an alternative
to internal research and development.

To remain competitive, the combined company
will need to expand its operations. Failure to effectively
manage growth could result in the combined companys
inability to support and maintain its operations.

We anticipate that the combined company will need
to expand its operations in order to address new market
opportunities for its products. This expansion could place a
significant strain on the management, operational and financial
resources of the combined company. We cannot assure you that:

 

the combined companys personnel, systems,
	procedures and controls will be adequate to support the combined
	companys future operations;

 

management of the combined company will be able
	to identify, hire, train, motivate or manage required personnel;
	or

 

management of the combined company will be able
	to successfully identify and exploit existing and potential
	market opportunities.

In addition, the combined company could
experience lower earnings as a result of expenses associated
with growing its operations, whether through internal
development or through acquisitions.

The combined company will depend on
international sales and our ability to sustain or expand
international sales is subject to many risks, which could
adversely affect our operating results.

Revenue from shipments by Western Multiplex to
customers outside of the United States, principally to a limited
number of distributors, represented 24%, 33% and 23% of total
revenue during the calendar years 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. Revenue from shipments by Proxim to customers
outside the United States, principally to a limited number of
distributors and OEM customers, represented 33%, 18% and 21% of
total revenue during the calendar years 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. We expect that revenue from shipments to
international customers will vary as a percentage of total
revenue.

There are certain risks inherent in doing
business in international markets, including the following:

 

uncertainty of product acceptance by customers in
	foreign countries;

 

export license and documentation requirements;

 

unforeseen changes in regulatory requirements;

 

difficulties in staffing and managing
	multinational operations;

 

governmental restrictions on the repatriation of
	funds into the United States;

 

foreign currency fluctuations;



 

longer payment cycles for international
	distributors;

 

difficulty in collecting accounts receivable;

 

tariffs, duties taxes and other trade barriers;

 

difficulties in finding foreign licensees or
	joint venture partners; and

 

potential political and economic instability.

There is a risk that such factors will harm the
combined companys ability to continue to successfully
operate internationally and the combined companys efforts
to expand its international operations.

While international sales for each of Proxim and
Western Multiplex are typically denominated in U.S. dollars
and the combined company may extend limited credit terms,
fluctuations in currency exchange rates could cause the combined
companys products to become relatively more expensive to
customers in a particular country, leading to a reduction in
sales or profitability in that country. There can be no
assurance that foreign markets will continue to develop or that
the combined company will receive additional orders to supply
our products to foreign customers. The combined companys
business and operating results could be materially adversely
affected if foreign markets do not continue to develop or if we
do not receive additional orders to supply our products for use
by foreign customers.

To successfully expand international sales, the
combined company will need to recruit additional international
sales and support personnel and expand its relationships with
international distributors and value-added resellers. This
expansion will require significant management attention and
financial resources. The combined company may incur these
additional costs and add these management burdens without
successfully expanding sales. This failure would cause
profitability to decline or losses to increase.

The combined companys revenue may
decline and its profitability may be threatened if the demand
for wireless services in general and broadband wireless access
systems in particular does not continue to grow.

The combined companys success is dependent
on the continued trend toward wireless telecommunications and
data communications services. If the rate of growth slows and
service providers reduce their capital investments in wireless
infrastructure or fail to expand into new geographic markets,
the combined companys revenue may decline. Unlike some
competitors such as Agere, Alcatel, Cisco, Intel, Linksys and
Nortel, among others, the principal product offerings of Proxim
and Western Multiplex rely on wireless technologies.
Accordingly, the combined company would experience a greater
impact from a decline in the demand for wireless services than
some of our most important competitors. In addition, wireless
access solutions are unproven in the marketplace and some of the
wireless technologies, such as Western Multiplexs Tsunami
point-to-multipoint technology and Proxims 802.11a and
HomeRF 2.0 technologies in which we are currently investing
substantial capital, have only been commercially introduced in
the last few years. If wireless access technology turns out to
be unsuitable for widespread commercial deployment, it is
unlikely we could generate enough sales to sustain
profitability. We have listed below, in order of importance, the
factors that we believe are key to the success or failure of
broadband wireless access technology:

 

its reliability and security and the perception
	by end-users of its reliability and security;

 

its capacity to handle growing demands for faster
	transmission of increasing amounts of data, voice and video;

 

the availability of sufficient frequencies for
	network service providers to deploy products at commercially
	reasonable rates;

 

its cost-effectiveness and performance compared
	to other forms of broadband access, whose prices and performance
	continue to improve;

 

its suitability for a sufficient number of
	geographic regions; and



 

the availability of sufficient site locations for
	network service providers to install products at commercially
	reasonable rates.

Western Multiplex has experienced the effects of
many of the factors listed above in interactions with customers
selecting wireless versus wire line technology. For example,
because of the frequency with which individuals using cellular
phones experience fading or a loss of signal, customers often
hold the perception that all broadband wireless technologies
will have the same reliability constraints even though the
wireless technology Western Multiplex uses does not have the
same problems as cellular phones. In some geographic areas,
because of adverse weather conditions that affect wireless
transmissions, but not wire line technologies, Western Multiplex
is not able to sell products as successfully as competitors with
wire line technology. In addition, future legislation, legal
decisions and regulation relating to the wireless
telecommunications industry may slow or delay the deployment of
wireless networks. The combined company also may lose customers
to different types of wireless technologies. For example,
Western Multiplex has only a limited offering of products that
operate in licensed radio spectrums. Some customers, however,
may want to operate in licensed radio spectrums because they
sometimes offer less interference than license free radio
spectrums or have other advantages.

The combined companys business will
depend on rapidly evolving telecommunications and Internet
industries.

Our future success is dependent upon the
continued growth of the data communications and wireless
industries, particularly with regard to Internet usage. The
global data communications and Internet industries are evolving
rapidly and it is difficult to predict potential growth rates or
future trends in technology development. We cannot assure you
that the deregulation, privatization and economic globalization
of the worldwide telecommunications market that has resulted in
increased competition and escalating demand for new technologies
and services will continue in a manner favorable to the combined
company or its business strategies. In addition, there can be no
assurance that the growth in demand for wireless and Internet
services, and the resulting need for high speed or enhanced data
communications products and wireless systems, will continue at
its current rate or at all.

Proxim has been dependent on, and the combined
company may be dependent on, and receive a significant
percentage of its revenue from, a limited number of OEM
customers.

A limited number of OEM customers may contribute
a significant percentage of the combined companys pro
forma revenue. Sales to one Proxim customer in calendar years
2000 and 1999 represented approximately 12% and 30% of total
revenue, respectively. Sales to a limited number of OEM
customers are expected to continue to account for a substantial
portion of the combined companys revenue for the
foreseeable future. Proxim also has experienced quarter to
quarter variability in sales to each of its major OEM customers
and expects this pattern to continue in the future. Sales of
many of Proxims wireless networking products depend upon
the decision of a prospective OEM customer to develop and market
wireless solutions which incorporate Proxims wireless
technology. OEM customers orders are affected by a variety
of factors, including the following:

 

new product introductions;

 

end-user demand for OEM customers products;

 

OEM customers product life cycles;

 

inventory levels;

 

market and OEM customers adoption of new
	wireless standards;

 

manufacturing strategies;

 

lengthy design-in cycles;

 

pricing;



 

regulatory changes;

 

contract awards; and

 

competitive situations.

Proxims agreements with OEM customers
typically do not require minimum purchase quantities. The loss
of one or more of, or a significant reduction in orders from,
the combined companys major OEM customers could materially
and adversely affect the combined companys operating
results or stock price. In this regard, in the first quarter of
2001, Intel Corporation, a HomeRF OEM customer, announced that
it would offer competing IEEE 802.11b products for its next
generation of consumer wireless networking devices. This
announcement resulted in a decrease in the market price of
Proxims common stock. In addition, there can be no
assurance that the combined company will become a qualified
supplier for new OEM customers or that the combined company will
remain a qualified supplier for existing OEM customers.

Western Multiplex currently derives a
substantial portion of its revenue from a limited number of
distributors. Therefore, a decrease or loss in business from any
of them may cause a significant delay or decline in the revenue
of the combined company and could harm its reputation.

Western Multiplex currently generates a
significant amount of revenue from a limited number of
distributors. The loss of business from any of these
distributors or the delay of significant orders from any of
them, even if only temporary, could significantly reduce the
combined companys revenue, delay recognition of revenue,
harm its reputation or reduce its ability to accurately predict
cash flow. For the year ended December 31, 2001,
approximately 52% of Western Multiplexs revenue was
derived from three distributors, and approximately 30% of its
revenue was derived from one of the three distributors. Western
Multiplex does not have long-term contracts with any of these
distributors. While the combined company will have a more
diversified and expansive customer base, the future success of
the combined company will depend significantly on the timing and
size of future purchase orders, if any, from a limited number of
distributors.

Western Multiplex and Proxim depend on limited
suppliers for key components that are difficult to manufacture,
and because the combined company may not have long-term
arrangements with these suppliers, it could experience
disruptions in supply that could decrease or delay the
recognition of revenues.

Western Multiplex and Proxim depend on single or
limited source suppliers for several key components used in
their products. Proxim depends on single sources for its
proprietary application specific integrated circuits, or ASICs,
and assembled circuit boards. Following the merger, any
disruptions in the supply of these components or assemblies
could delay or decrease the revenues of the combined company. In
addition, even for components with multiple sources, there have
been, and may continue to be, shortages due to capacity
constraints caused by high demand. The combined company does not
have any long-term arrangements with its suppliers. If, for any
reason, a supplier fails to meet its quantity or quality
requirements, or stops selling components to it or its contract
manufacturers at commercially reasonable prices, the combined
company could experience significant production delays and cost
increases, as well as higher warranty expenses and product
reputation problems. Because the key components and assemblies
of Western Multiplexs and Proxims products are
complex, difficult to manufacture and require long lead times,
the combined company may have difficulty finding alternative
suppliers to produce its components and assemblies on a timely
basis. Western Multiplex and Proxim have experienced shortages
of some of these components in the past, which delayed related
revenue, and the combined company may experience shortages in
the future. In addition, because the majority of Western
Multiplexs and Proxims products have a short sales
cycle of between 30 and 90 days, the combined company may
have difficulty in making accurate and reliable forecasts of
product needs. As a result, the combined company could
experience shortages in supply, which could delay or decrease
revenue because our customers may cancel their orders or choose
a competitor for their future needs.



Western Multiplex and Proxim have limited
manufacturing capability and the combined company will need to
increasingly depend on contract manufacturers for their
manufacturing requirements.

Proxim currently has limited manufacturing
capability and no experience in large scale or foreign
manufacturing. If Proxims customers were to concurrently
place orders for unexpectedly large product quantities,
Proxims present manufacturing capacity might be inadequate
to meet the demand. There can be no assurance that the combined
company will be able to develop or contract for additional
manufacturing capacity on acceptable terms on a timely basis. In
addition, in order to compete successfully, the combined company
will need to achieve significant product cost reductions.
Although the combined company intends to achieve cost reductions
through engineering improvements, production economies, and
manufacturing at lower cost locations including outside the
United States, there can be no assurance that it will be able to
do so. In order to remain competitive, the combined company must
continue to introduce new products and processes into its
manufacturing environment, and there can be no assurance that
any such new products will not create obsolete inventories
related to older products.

Proxim currently conducts its manufacturing
operations for RangeLAN2, Harmony, Stratum and 900 MHz products
at its corporate headquarters in Sunnyvale, California. In
addition, Proxim relies on contract and subcontract
manufacturers for turnkey manufacturing and circuit board
assemblies which subjects the combined company to additional
risks, including a potential inability to obtain an adequate
supply of finished assemblies and assembled circuit boards and
reduced control over the price, timely delivery and quality of
such finished assemblies and assembled circuit boards. If the
Sunnyvale facility were to become incapable of operating, even
temporarily, or were unable to operate at or near our current or
full capacity for an extended period, the combined
companys business and operating results could be
materially adversely affected.

Proxim currently outsources manufacturing for its
HomeRF products with Flextronics International, Inc., a turnkey
contract manufacturer. Western Multiplex depends on three
contract manufacturers to produce the majority of its products,
and it depends on one of these manufacturers for the entire
production of its Tsunami point-to-multipoint product. Changes
in the combined companys manufacturing operations to
incorporate new products and processes, or to manufacture at
lower cost locations outside the United States, could cause
disruptions, which, in turn, could adversely affect customer
relationships, cause a loss of market opportunities and
negatively affect our business and operating results. In
addition, the combined companys reliance on a limited
number of manufacturers involves a number of risks, including
the risk that these manufacturers may terminate their
relationship with the combined company, may choose not to devote
adequate capacity to produce the combined companys
products or may delay production of the combined companys
products. If any of these risks are realized, the combined
company could experience an interruption in supply, which could
have an adverse impact on the timing and amount of the combined
companys revenues.

Each of Western Multiplex and Proxim has in the
past experienced higher than expected demand for its products.
This resulted in delays in the delivery of certain products due
to temporary shortages of certain components, particularly
components with long lead times, and insufficient manufacturing
capacity. Due to the complex nature of the combined
companys products and manufacturing processes, including
products manufactured by our licensing partners, the worldwide
demand for some wireless technology components and other
factors, there can be no assurance that delays in the delivery
of products will not occur in the future.

The average selling prices of Western
Multiplexs and Proxims products have been declining,
and the combined company may be unable to achieve the
manufacturing cost reductions and improvements required in order
to remain profitable.

The average selling prices of Western
Multiplexs and Proxims products have been declining
in recent years. If the combined company does not reduce
production costs and other expenses, it may not be able to
offset this continuing decline and achieve or maintain
profitability. The combined company also must develop and
introduce on a timely basis new systems that can be sold at
higher average selling prices.



Failure to develop these new systems would cause
the revenue of the combined company to decline or to increase
more slowly.

We expect that average selling prices of the
combined companys products will continue to decrease
because one of its strategies will be to increase the percentage
of domestic and international sales being made through
distributors and value-added resellers, and to OEM customers,
which involve lower prices than our direct sales. This risk from
declining average selling prices may also intensify because we
expect that market conditions, particularly falling prices for
competing broadband solutions, will force the combined company
to reduce prices over time. Under some circumstances, the
combined company may be forced to reduce prices even if it
causes it to decrease gross profit or to take a loss on its
products. The combined company may also be unable to reduce
sufficiently the cost of its products to enable them to compete
with other broadband access technologies with lower product
costs. In order to remain competitive, the combined company will
need to design its products so that they can be manufactured
with low-cost, automated manufacturing, assembly and testing
techniques. We cannot assure you that the combined company will
be successful in designing its products to allow contract
manufacturers to use lower-cost, automated techniques. In
addition, any redesign may fail to result in sufficient cost
reductions to allow the combined company to significantly reduce
the price of its products or prevent its gross profit from
declining as prices decline.

Because many of the current and planned
products of the combined company are or will be highly complex,
they may contain defects or errors that are detected only after
deployment in complex networks and which, if detected, could
harm the reputation of the combined company and result in a
decrease in revenue or in difficulty collecting accounts
receivable.

Many of the complex products of the combined
company can only be fully tested when deployed in commercial
networks. As a result, end-users may discover defects or errors
or experience breakdowns in their networks after the products
have been deployed. The occurrence of any defects or errors in
these products could result in:

 

failure to achieve market acceptance and loss of
	market share;

 

cancellation of orders;

 

difficulty in collecting accounts receivable;

 

increased service and warranty costs;

 

diversion of resources, legal actions by
	customers and end-users; and

 

increased insurance costs and other losses to the
	combined company or to end-users.

End-users have discovered errors in the products
of Proxim and Western Multiplex in the past and may discover
errors in these products in the future. Because customers often
delay deployment of a full system until the products have been
tested by them and any defects have been corrected, these
revisions caused delays in orders by our customers for our
systems. Because the strategy of the combined company will be to
introduce more complex products in the future, this risk will
intensify over time.

To compete effectively, the combined company
will need to establish and expand new distribution channels for
Proxims home networking products and Western
Multiplexs point-to-multipoint products.

To date, a substantial percentage of
Proxims revenue has been derived from OEM customers
through its direct sales force. Proxim sells its branded
RangeLAN2 and Harmony products through domestic and
international distributors. The combined company intends to add
new distributors and value added resellers for the Symphony
HomeRF family of cordless home and small office networking
products and the Tsunami point-to-multipoint products. Symphony
HomeRF products are currently sold through computer retailers,
leading computer catalogs and numerous on-line retail sites over
the Internet, including Proxims e-commerce Web site at
www.proxim.com. The point-to-multipoint products are sold
through Western Multiplexs current domestic and
international distributors. In general, distributors, value
added resellers



and retailers offer products of several different
companies, including products that may compete with our
products. Accordingly, they may give higher priority to products
of other suppliers, thus reducing their efforts to sell the
combined companys products. In addition they often focus
on specific markets and we will need to add new distributors and
value added resellers as we expand our sales to new markets.
Agreements with distributors and retailers are generally
terminable at their option. Any reduction in sales efforts or
termination of a relationship may materially and adversely
affect our business and operating results. Use of distributors
and retailers also entails the risk that they will build up
inventories in anticipation of substantial growth in sales. If
such growth does not occur as anticipated, they may
substantially decrease the amount of product ordered in
subsequent quarters. Such fluctuations could contribute to
significant variations in the combined companys future
operating results.

Broadband wireless access solutions have some
disadvantages and limitations as compared to other alternative
broadband access solutions that may prevent widespread adoption,
which could hurt the combined companys profitability and
prospects.

Broadband wireless access solutions, including
point-to-point and point-to-multipoint systems, compete with
other high-speed access solutions such as digital subscriber
lines, cable modem technology, fiber optic cable and other
high-speed wire line and satellite technologies. If the market
for the combined companys point-to-point and
point-to-multipoint solutions fails to develop or develops more
slowly than we expect due to this competition, the combined
companys sales opportunities and profitability will be
harmed. Many of these alternative technologies can take
advantage of existing installed infrastructure and are generally
perceived to be reliable and secure. As a result, they have
already achieved significantly greater market acceptance and
penetration than point-to-point and point-to-multipoint
broadband wireless access technologies. Moreover, current
point-to-point and point-to-multipoint broadband wireless access
technologies have inherent technical limitations that may
inhibit their widespread adoption in many areas, including the
need for line-of-sight installation and, in the case of
operating frequencies above 11 GHz, reduced communication
distance in bad weather.

We expect point-to-point and point-to-multipoint
broadband wireless access technologies to face increasing
competitive pressures from both current and future alternative
technologies. In light of these factors, many service providers
may be reluctant to invest heavily in broadband wireless access
solutions.

Broadband wireless access products require a
direct line-of-sight, which may limit the ability of service
providers to deploy them in a cost-effective manner and could
harm our sales.

Because of line-of-sight limitations, service
providers often install broadband wireless access equipment on
the rooftops of buildings and on other tall structures. Before
undertaking these installations, service providers must
generally secure roof rights from the owners of each building or
other structure on which the equipment is to be installed. The
inability to easily and cost-effectively obtain roof rights may
deter customers from choosing to install broadband wireless
access equipment, which could have an adverse effect on our
sales.

Inability to attract and retain key personnel
could hinder the combined companys ability to
operate.

The combined companys success depends to a
large extent on the continued services of Mr. Zakin,
Mr. King and other members of Western Multiplexs and
Proxims senior management teams. The loss of the services
of any of these management members could harm the combined
company because of the crucial role each of them is expected to
play in its operations and strategic development. In order to be
successful, the combined company also must retain and motivate
key employees, including those in managerial, technical,
marketing and sales positions. In particular, the combined
companys product generation efforts depend on hiring and
retaining qualified engineers. Experienced management and
technical, sales, marketing and support personnel in the
wireless networking industry are in high demand and competition
for their talents is intense. This is particularly the case in
Silicon Valley, where Proxims and Western Multiplexs
headquarters are located. In particular, employees of Proxim and
Western Multiplex may experience uncertainty about their future
role with the combined company until or after



strategies with regard to the combined company
are announced or executed. This circumstance may adversely
affect the combined companys ability to attract and retain
key management, technical, sales and marketing personnel. The
combined company also must continue to motivate employees and
keep them focused on the strategies and goals of the combined
company, which may be particularly difficult due to the
potential distractions of the merger and morale challenges posed
by any workforce reduction that may be implemented by the
combined company anticipated in connection with the merger.

The combined company may have difficulties
with its acquisitions and investments, which could adversely
affect its growth and financial condition.

From time to time, the combined company may
consider new business opportunities and ventures, including
acquisitions, in a broad range of areas. Any decision by the
combined company to pursue a significant business expansion or
new business opportunity would be accompanied by risks,
including, among others:

 

requiring the combined company to invest a
	substantial amount of capital, which could materially harm its
	financial condition and its ability to implement its existing
	business strategy;

 

requiring the combined company to issue
	additional equity interests, which would be dilutive to its
	stockholders;

 

placing additional and substantial burdens on the
	combined companys management personnel and its financial
	and operational systems;

 

the difficulty of assimilating the operations,
	technology and personnel of the acquired companies;

 

the potential disruption of the ongoing business
	of the combined company;

 

the possible inability to retain key technical
	and managerial personnel;

 

potential additional expenses associated with
	amortization of purchased intangible assets or the impairment of
	goodwill;

 

additional expenses associated with the
	activities and expansion of the acquired businesses; and

 

the possible impairment of relationships with
	existing employees, customers, suppliers and investors.

In addition, we cannot assure you that the
combined company will be successful in overcoming these risks or
any other problems encountered in connection with any
acquisitions or other investments that it may make in the future.

Affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. will
beneficially own a significant percentage of the combined
companys common stock, which will allow them to
significantly influence matters requiring shareholder approval
and could discourage potential acquisitions of the combined
company.

Immediately after the merger, affiliates of
Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. will together control approximately
27.1% of the combined companys outstanding common stock.
These stockholders will be able to exert significant influence
over actions requiring the approval of the combined
companys stockholders, including many types of change of
control transactions and any amendments to the combined
companys certificate of incorporation. The interests of
the affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. may be different
than other stockholders of the combined company. In addition,
the significant ownership percentage of affiliates of Ripplewood
Holdings L.L.C. could have the effect of delaying or
preventing a change of control of the combined company or
otherwise discourage a potential acquiror from obtaining control
of the combined company.



If the combined company fails to protect its
intellectual property rights or if such rights are not
adequately protected under current law, competitors may be able
to use its technology or trademarks and this could weaken the
combined companys competitive position, reduce its revenue
and increase costs.

The combined company will rely on intellectual
property laws to protect the products that it owns, develops and
licenses. The combined company will also rely on confidentiality
agreements with some of its licensees and other third parties
and confidentiality agreements and policies covering its
employees. We cannot assure you that such laws and measures will
provide sufficient protection, that other companies will not
develop technologies that are similar or superior or that third
parties will not copy or otherwise obtain and use the combined
companys technologies without authorization.

Possible third-party claims of infringement of
proprietary rights against the combined company could have a
material adverse effect on the combined companys business,
results of operation and financial condition.

The communications industry is characterized by a
relatively high level of litigation based on allegations of
infringement of proprietary rights. There can be no assurance
that third parties will not assert infringement claims against
the combined company, that any such assertion of infringement
will not result in litigation or that the combined company would
prevail in such litigation. Furthermore, any such claims, with
or without merit, could result in substantial cost to the
combined company and diversion of its personnel, require the
combined company to develop new technology or require the
combined company to enter into royalty or licensing
arrangements. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required,
may not be available on terms acceptable to the combined
company, or at all. In the event of a successful claim of
infringement or misappropriation against the combined company,
and its failure or inability to develop non-infringing
technology or to license the infringed, misappropriated or
similar technology at a reasonable cost, the combined
companys business, results of operations and financial
condition would be materially adversely affected. In addition,
the combined company may be obligated to indemnify its customers
against claimed infringement of patents, trademarks, copyrights
and other proprietary rights of third parties. Any requirement
for the combined company to indemnify its customers could have a
material adverse effect on its business, results of operations
and financial condition.

Proxim has commenced United States patent
infringement and International Trade Commission legal actions
against a number of its competitors, and is the subject of
counter suits and patent infringement counterclaims. Should the
outcome of this patent, trade commission or any related
litigation be unfavorable, the combined company may be required
to pay damages and other expenses, or the combined company could
be enjoined from selling certain products, which could
materially and adversely affect the business, financial
condition and operating results of the combined
company.

Proxim is currently involved in patent and
International Trade Commission litigation with respect to
alleged infringement of certain of its United States patent
rights related to direct sequence wireless local area networking
technology. This litigation has resulted in, and could in the
future continue to result in, substantial costs and diversion of
management resources of the combined company. In addition, this
litigation, if determined adversely to the combined company,
could result in the payment of substantial damages and/or
royalties or prohibitions against utilization of essential
technologies, and could materially and adversely affect the
business, financial condition and operating results of the
combined company.

On March 8, 2001, Proxim filed two lawsuits
for infringement of three United States Patents for wireless
networking technology: one suit in the U.S. District Court
for the District of Massachusetts against Cisco Systems,
Incorporated and Intersil Corporation; and one suit in the
U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against
3Com Corporation, SMC, Symbol Technologies and Wayport. These
suits seek an injunction against continued infringement, damages
resulting from the infringement and the defendants
conduct, interest on the damages, attorneys fees and
costs, and such further relief as the respective courts deem
just and appropriate.



On March 9, 2001, Proxim filed suit with the
International Trade Commission (ITC) in Washington, D.C.
asking the ITC to stop the importation of products that infringe
its patented wireless networking technology. Eight companies are
identified in this action; Acer, Addtron, Ambicom, Compex,
D-Link, Enterasys, Linksys and Melco. Proxim has notified these
and other companies that it believes are currently or have been
infringing its patents. On May 9, 2001, Proxim filed to
remove Compex from the ITC complaint as Compex entered into an
agreement with the Company to license these patents. Intersil
and Agere Systems have filed motions to intervene in the
proceedings before the ITC and these motions have been approved
by the ITC.

On or about April 24, 2001, Intersil
Corporation and Cisco Systems, Incorporated filed suit in the
U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware seeking
that Proxims patents be found invalid, unenforceable and
not infringed. Intersil and Cisco are seeking damages and
attorneys fees from Proxim based upon alleged breach of
contract and unfair competition.

On or about May 1, 2001, Symbol Technologies
filed patent infringement counterclaims in the
U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging
that Proxim infringes four Symbol wireless LAN patents. Symbol
is seeking unspecified damages and a permanent injunction
against Proxim related to these infringement claims.

On or about May 31, 2001, Agere Systems
filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Delaware alleging that Proxim infringes three Agere patents.
Agere is seeking unspecified damages and a permanent injunction
against Proxim related to its infringement claims. On
July 9, 2001, Proxim filed an amended answer and
counterclaim to the Agere Systems suit. Proxim is seeking
declaratory judgment for non-infringement, invalidity and
unenforceability of certain Agere Systems patents, as well as
damages for violation of the antitrust laws of the United States.

On August 8, 2001, Proxim filed an amended
answer and counterclaim, further seeking damages for violation
of the antitrust laws of the United States. On December 13,
2001, Proxim filed a second amended answer and counterclaim,
seeking to add Ageres parent, Agere Systems, Inc., as a
party.

On December 4, 2001, Symbol filed suit in
the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging
that Proxim infringes four Symbol patents related to systems for
packet data transmission. Symbol is seeking an award for
unspecified damages and a permanent injunction against Proxim
based on alleged patent infringement counterclaims. On
December 18, 2001 Proxim filed an answer and counterclaims
seeking declaratory judgments for non-infringement, invalidity
and unenforceability of the four asserted Symbol patents,
injunctive and monetary relief for Symbols infringement of
a Proxim patent, monetary relief for Symbols false patent
marking, and injunctive and monetary relief for Symbols
unfair competition under the Lanham Act, common law unfair
competition and tortious interference.

The results of any litigation matter are
inherently uncertain. In the event of any adverse decision in
the described legal actions or any other related litigation with
third parties that could arise in the future with respect to
patents or other intellectual property rights relevant to
Proxims or Western Multiplexs products, the combined
company could be required to pay damages and other expenses, to
cease the manufacture, use and sale of infringing products, to
expend significant resources to develop non-infringing
technology, or to obtain licenses to the infringing technology.
These matters are in the early stages of litigation and,
accordingly, neither Western Multiplex nor Proxim can make any
assurance that these matters will not materially and adversely
affect the business, financial condition or operating results of
the combined company.

Compliance with governmental regulations in
multiple jurisdictions where we sell our products is difficult
and costly.

In the United States, Western Multiplex and
Proxim are subject to various Federal Communications Commission,
or FCC, rules and regulations. Current FCC regulations permit
license-free operation in certain FCC-certified bands in the
radio spectrum. Proxims spread spectrum wireless products
are certified for unlicensed operation in the 902 -
928 MHz, 2.4 - 2.4835 GHz, 5.15 -
5.35 GHz and 5.725 - 5.825 GHz



frequency bands. Operation in these frequency
bands is governed by rules set forth in Part 15 of the FCC
regulations. The Part 15 rules are designed to minimize the
probability of interference to other users of the spectrum and,
thus, accord Part 15 systems secondary status in the
frequency. In the event that there is interference between a
primary user and a Part 15 user, a higher priority user can
require the Part 15 user to curtail transmissions that
create interference. In this regard, if users of our products
experience excessive interference from primary users, market
acceptance of our products could be adversely affected, which
could materially and adversely affect our business and operating
results. The FCC, however, has established certain standards
that create an irrefutable presumption of noninterference for
Part 15 users and we believe that our products comply with such
requirements. There can be no assurance that the occurrence of
regulatory changes, including changes in the allocation of
available frequency spectrum, changes in the use of allocated
frequency spectrum, or modification to the standards
establishing an irrefutable presumption for unlicensed Part 15
users, would not significantly affect our operations by
rendering current products obsolete, restricting the
applications and markets served by our products or increasing
the opportunity for additional competition.

Our products are also subject to regulatory
requirements in international markets and, therefore, we must
monitor the development of spread spectrum and other radio
frequency regulations in certain countries that represent
potential markets for our products. While there can be no
assurance that we will be able to comply with regulations in any
particular country, the combined company will design our
RangeLAN2, RangeLAN-DS, Harmony, Symphony and Symphony HomeRF
products to minimize the design modifications required to meet
various 2.4 GHz international spread spectrum regulations. In
addition, we will seek to obtain international certifications
for the Symphony and Symphony HomeRF product line in countries
where there is a substantial market for home PCs and Internet
connectivity. Changes in, or the failure by us to comply with,
applicable domestic and international regulations could
materially adversely affect our business and operating results.
In addition, with respect to those countries that do not follow
FCC regulations, we may need to modify our products to meet
local rules and regulations.

Regulatory changes by the FCC or by regulatory
agencies outside the United States, including changes in the
allocation of available frequency spectrum, could significantly
affect our operations by restricting our development efforts,
rendering current products obsolete or increasing the
opportunity for additional competition. Several changes by the
FCC were approved within the last eight years including changes
in the allocation and use of available frequency spectrum, as
well as the granting of an interim waiver. These approved
changes could create opportunities for other wireless networking
products and services. There can be no assurance that new
regulations will not be promulgated, that could materially and
adversely affect our business and operating results.

It is possible that the United States and other
jurisdictions will adopt new laws and regulations affecting the
pricing, characteristics and quality of broadband wireless
systems and products. Increased government regulations could:

 

decrease the growth of the broadband wireless
	industry;

 

hinder the combined companys ability to
	conduct business internationally;

 

reduce the combined companys revenues;

 

increase the costs of the combined companys
	products;

 

increase the combined companys operating
	expenses; and

 

expose the combined company to significant
	liabilities.

Any of these events or circumstances could
seriously harm the combined companys business and results
of operations.



The price of the combined companys
common stock following the merger may be subject to wide
fluctuation, and you may lose all or part of your investment in
the common stock.

The trading prices of Proxim common stock and
Western Multiplex common stock have been subject to wide
fluctuations, which are likely to continue following the merger.
The trading price of the combined companys common stock
may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors,
including:

 

quarterly variations in revenues and operating
	results;

 

announcements of innovations and new products;

 

strategic developments or business combinations
	by the combined company or its competitors;

 

changes in the combined companys expected
	operating expense levels;

 

changes in financial estimates and
	recommendations of financial and industry analysts;

 

the operating and securities price performance of
	comparable companies; and

 

news reports relating to trends in the wireless
	communications industry.

In addition, the stock market in general, and the
market prices for wireless-related companies in particular, have
experienced extreme volatility that often has been unrelated to
the operating performance of these companies. These broad market
and industry fluctuations may influence the trading price of
Western Multiplex common stock before the merger and the trading
price of the combined companys common stock following the
merger. These trading price fluctuations may make it more
difficult to use the combined companys common stock as
currency to make acquisitions following the merger that might
otherwise be advantageous, or to use stock options as a means to
attract and retain employees. In addition, you may lose all or
part of your investment in the combined companys common
stock.

Provisions of Western Multiplexs
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law could
deter takeover attempts.

Some provisions in Western Multiplexs
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which will be the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the combined company
following the merger, could delay, prevent or make more
difficult a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or change of
control of the combined company. The stockholders of the
combined company might view any transaction of this type as
being in their best interest since the transaction could result
in a higher stock price than the then-market price of its common
stock. Among other things, Western Multiplexs certificate
of incorporation and bylaws:

 

authorize its board of directors to issue
	preferred stock with the terms of each series to be fixed by the
	board of directors;

 

divide its board of directors into three classes
	so that only approximately one-third of the total number of
	directors is elected each year;

 

permit directors to be removed only for cause; and

 

specify advance notice requirements for
	stockholder proposals and director nominations.

In addition, with some exceptions, the Delaware
General Corporation Law will restrict or delay mergers and other
business combinations between the combined company and any
stockholder that acquires 15% or more of the combined
companys voting stock.



THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

Proxy Statement/ Prospectus

This proxy statement/prospectus is being
furnished to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies
by each of Western Multiplexs and Proxims board of
directors in connection with the proposed merger. This proxy
statement/prospectus is first being furnished to stockholders of
Western Multiplex and Proxim on or about February 26, 2002.

Date, Time And Place of the Special
Meetings

The special meetings are scheduled to be held as
follows:

For Proxim stockholders:

For Western Multiplex stockholders:

March 26, 2002

	10:00 a.m., local time

	at the offices of

	Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

	650 Page Mill Road

	Palo Alto, California

March 26, 2002

	11:00 a.m., local time

	at the

	Sheraton Hotel

	1108 North Mathilda Avenue

	Sunnyvale, California

Purpose of the Special Meetings

Western Multiplex.

At the Western Multiplex special meeting, we are asking holders
of Western Multiplex common stock to approve the issuance of
Western Multiplex Class A common stock in connection with
the merger of a newly formed, wholly owned Western Multiplex
subsidiary into Proxim, with Proxim surviving the merger and
becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Western Multiplex.

Proxim.
 At the
Proxim special meeting, we are asking holders of Proxim common
stock to adopt the merger agreement pursuant to which a newly
formed, wholly owned subsidiary of Western Multiplex will merge
into Proxim, with Proxim surviving the merger and becoming a
wholly owned subsidiary of Western Multiplex.

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

Western Multiplex.

Only holders of record of Western Multiplex common stock at the
close of business on February 21, 2002, the Western
Multiplex record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at
the Western Multiplex special meeting. On the Western Multiplex
record date, there were approximately 59,291,283 shares of
Western Multiplex common stock issued and outstanding and held
by approximately 276 holders of record.

Proxim.
 Only holders
of record of Proxim common stock at the close of business on
February 21, 2002, the Proxim record date, are entitled to
notice of and to vote at the Proxim special meeting. On the
Proxim record date, there were approximately
31,383,803 shares of Proxim common stock issued and
outstanding and held by approximately 148 holders of record.

Quorum and Vote Required

Western Multiplex.

At the Western Multiplex special meeting, holders of Western
Multiplex common stock on the Western Multiplex record date will
be entitled to one vote per share of common stock on the
proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Western Multiplex
common stock in the merger.

A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a
valid meeting. A quorum will be present at the Western Multiplex
special meeting if shares representing a majority of the votes
entitled to be cast are represented in person or by proxy. If a
quorum is not present at the Western Multiplex special meeting,
we expect that the meeting will be adjourned or postponed to
solicit additional proxies. Abstentions and broker
non-votes count as being present to establish a quorum. A
broker non-vote occurs when a



broker is not permitted to vote because the
broker does not have instructions from the beneficial owner of
the shares.

The issuance of shares of Western Multiplex
common stock in the merger requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the Western Multiplex shares represented in person
or by proxy and entitled to vote at the special meeting.

As of February 21, 2002, directors and
executive officers of Western Multiplex beneficially owned
10,393,200 of the outstanding shares of Western Multiplex common
stock. Jonathan N. Zakin, the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chairman of the board of directors of Western Multiplex, and
Amir Zoufonoun, the President and Chief Operating Officer of
Western Multiplex, collectively beneficially owned approximately
10.5% of the outstanding Western Multiplex common stock as of
February 21, 2002 and have agreed with Proxim, solely in
their capacities as Western Multiplex stockholders, to vote all
of their shares in favor of the issuance of Western Multiplex
common stock in connection with the merger.

Affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. that
hold approximately 32.1 million shares of Western Multiplex
common stock, which as of February 21, 2002 represented
approximately 54.2% of the outstanding shares of all Western
Multiplex common stock, have entered into voting agreements with
Proxim pursuant to which they have agreed to vote their shares
of Western Multiplex common stock in favor of the issuance of
Western Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger.

Because these affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. own
shares representing a majority of the outstanding shares of
Western Multiplex common stock, we expect a quorum to be present
at the Western Multiplex special meeting and the share issuance
to be approved by the Western Multiplex stockholders regardless
of how other Western Multiplex stockholders vote.

Proxim.
 At the
Proxim special meeting, holders of record of Proxim common stock
on the Proxim record date will be entitled to cast one vote per
share of Proxim common stock owned as of the record date on the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a
valid meeting. A quorum will be present at the Proxim special
meeting if shares representing a majority of the votes entitled
to be cast are represented in person or by proxy. If a quorum is
not present at the Proxim special meeting, we expect that the
meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit additional
proxies. Abstentions and broker non-votes count as
being present to establish a quorum. A broker
non-vote occurs when a broker is not permitted to vote
because the broker does not have instructions from the
beneficial owner of the shares.

The adoption of the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of holders of shares representing a majority of
the outstanding shares of Proxim common stock as of
February 21, 2002. 
If a Proxim stockholder abstains
from voting or does not vote (either in person or by proxy), it
will have the same effect as a vote against adoption of the
merger agreement.

As of February 21, 2002, directors and
executive officers of Proxim as a group beneficially owned an
aggregate of approximately 1.3% of the outstanding shares of
Proxim. Each of Proxims directors and executive officers
has agreed with Western Multiplex, solely in his capacity as a
Proxim stockholder, to vote all of his shares in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement.

Recommendation of Western Multiplexs
Board of Directors

Western Multiplexs board of directors has
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the issuance of
Western Multiplex common stock in the merger, and has determined
that the merger is in the best interests of Western Multiplex
and its stockholders. The Western Multiplex board of directors
recommends that Western Multiplex stockholders vote 
FOR

the issuance of shares of Western Multiplex common stock in
connection with the merger.

To assure that your shares of Western Multiplex
common stock are represented at the Western Multiplex special
meeting, please complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy and
mail it promptly in the



postage-paid envelope provided, whether or not
you plan to attend the meeting. You may revoke your proxy at any
time before the meeting.

Recommendation of Proxims Board of
Directors

Proxims board of directors has unanimously
approved the merger agreement, and has determined that the
merger is in the best interests of Proxim and its stockholders.
The Proxim board of directors recommends that Proxim
stockholders vote 
FOR 
adoption of the merger agreement.

To assure that your shares of Proxim common stock
are represented at the Proxim special meeting, please complete,
date and sign the enclosed proxy card and mail it promptly in
the postage-paid envelope provided, whether or not you plan to
attend the meeting. Proxim stockholders of record also may vote
by telephone or via the Internet by following the instructions
set forth on the enclosed proxy card. You may revoke your proxy
at any time before the meeting.

Voting of Proxies

All shares of Western Multiplex common stock
represented by properly executed proxies received in time for
the Western Multiplex special meeting (and not revoked) and all
shares of Proxim common stock represented by properly executed
proxies received in time for the Proxim special meeting (and not
revoked) will be voted at the relevant special meeting in the
manner specified by the grantors of those proxies. Properly
executed proxies that do not contain voting instructions will be
voted 
FOR 
the approval of the issuance of Western
Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger and the
adoption of the merger agreement, as applicable, and the proxy
holder may vote the proxy in its discretion as to any other
matter which may properly come before the applicable meeting.

If you are a record holder of shares of Western
Multiplex common stock or Proxim common stock, in order for your
shares to be included in the vote, you must vote your shares by
one of the following means:

 

in person;

 

by proxy by completing, signing and dating the
	enclosed proxy and returning it in the enclosed postage-paid
	envelope; or

 

for Proxim stockholders of record, by following
	the instructions for telephone or Internet voting set forth on
	the enclosed proxy card.

Because Delaware, the state in which Proxim is
incorporated, permits electronic submission of proxies, Proxim
stockholders who are stockholders of record have the option to
submit their proxies by using the telephone or the Internet. The
telephone and Internet voting procedures are designed to
authenticate votes cast by use of voter control numbers. These
procedures allow Proxim stockholders to appoint a proxy to vote
their shares of Proxim common stock and to confirm that their
instructions have been properly recorded. Instructions for
voting by using the telephone or the Internet are printed on the
enclosed proxy card.

Please note, however, that if your shares are
held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish
to vote at the meeting, you must bring to the meeting a letter
from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming your
beneficial ownership of the shares.

Shares of Western Multiplex common stock
represented at the Western Multiplex special meeting but not
voting and shares of Proxim common stock represented at the
Proxim special meeting but not voting, including in each case
shares of common stock for which proxies have been received but
for which holders of shares have abstained, will be treated as
present at the appropriate special meeting to determine the
presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of all
business.

Only shares affirmatively voted for the adoption
of the merger agreement and approval of the issuance of shares
of Western Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger,
including properly executed proxies that do not contain voting
instructions, will be counted as votes in favor of the adoption
of the



merger agreement and the approval of the issuance
of shares of Western Multiplex common stock in connection with
the merger. Brokers who hold shares of Western Multiplex common
stock and Proxim common stock in street name for customers who
are the beneficial owners of those shares may not give a proxy
to vote those shares without specific instructions from those
customers.

The persons named as proxies by a Western
Multiplex stockholder or Proxim stockholder may propose and vote
for one or more adjournments of its special meeting, including
adjournments to permit further solicitations of proxies. No
proxy voted against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
or the issuance of shares of Western Multiplex common stock in
connection with the merger will be voted in favor of any such
adjournment.

Neither Western Multiplex nor Proxim expects that
any matter other than the proposal to approve the share issuance
in connection with the merger and adoption of the merger
agreement will be brought before its special meeting. If,
however, other matters are properly presented, the persons named
as proxies will vote in accordance with their judgment.

Expenses; Solicitation of Proxies

Western Multiplex and Proxim will mail a copy of
this proxy statement/prospectus to each holder of record of its
common stock on the appropriate record date.

Each of Western Multiplex and Proxim will pay the
expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at its special
meeting, except that Western Multiplex and Proxim will share
equally the expenses incurred in connection with filing and
printing this proxy statement/prospectus. Following the original
mailing of the proxies and other soliciting materials, Western
Multiplex and Proxim will request brokers, custodians, nominees
and other record holders of Western Multiplex common stock and
Proxim common stock to forward copies of the proxy and other
soliciting materials to persons for whom they hold shares of
Western Multiplex common stock or Proxim common stock and to
request authority for the exercise of proxies. In such cases,
upon the request of the record holders, Western Multiplex and
Proxim will reimburse such holders for their reasonable expenses.

Proxim has retained Georgeson Shareholder to
assist in the solicitation of proxies. Proxim will pay Georgeson
Shareholder a fee of $7,500, reimburse its out-of-pocket
expenses and indemnify it against any losses arising out of its
proxy soliciting services on behalf of Proxim.

Revocation of Proxies

All properly signed proxies that Western
Multiplex or Proxim receive prior to the vote at its special
meeting that are not revoked will be voted at the relevant
meeting according to the instructions indicated on the proxies
or, if no direction is indicated, to approve the issuance of
Western Multiplex common stock in connection with the merger and
the adoption of the merger agreement. You may revoke your proxy
at any time before it is exercised by taking any of the
following actions:

 

delivering a written notice to the corporate
	secretary of Western Multiplex, if you are a Western Multiplex
	stockholder, or Proxim, if you are a Proxim stockholder, by any
	means, including facsimile, bearing a date later than the date
	of the proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked;

 

signing and delivering a proxy relating to the
	same shares and bearing a later date prior to the vote at the
	meeting;

 

for Proxim stockholders of record, by delivering
	a later-dated proxy using the telephone or Internet voting
	procedures described on the enclosed proxy card; or

 

attending the meeting and voting in person,
	although attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke a
	proxy.



THE MERGER

This section of the proxy statement/
prospectus describes the material aspects of the proposed merger
and the related transactions, but it may not contain all of the
information that is important for you to know. For a more
complete understanding of the merger, you should carefully read
this entire proxy statement/ prospectus and the other documents
to which we refer. In addition, we incorporate important
business and financial information about each of us into this
proxy statement/ prospectus by reference. You may obtain the
information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/
prospectus without charge by following the instructions in the
section entitled Where You Can Find More Information
that begins on page 105 of this proxy statement/
prospectus.

Background of the Merger

Both Proxim and Western Multiplex continually
evaluate strategic opportunities and business scenarios as part
of their evaluation of changes in the markets in which they
operate and of opportunities to strengthen their businesses.
Over the last several years, Proxim and Western Multiplex
generally have been familiar with each others business, as
both companies are in segments of the wireless networking
industry and both companies are headquartered in Sunnyvale,
California.

In mid-May 2001, David C. King, Chief
Executive Officer of Proxim, met with Jonathan N. Zakin,
Chief Executive Officer of Western Multiplex, together with
representatives from JPMorgan H&Q and Broadview
International, Proxims financial advisors, and Credit
Suisse First Boston, Western Multiplexs financial advisor.
At that meeting, Messrs. Zakin and King discussed possible
business development opportunities between the two companies. In
particular, Messrs. Zakin and King each provided overviews
of their respective companys products and product
strategy, discussed the business opportunities and challenges
faced by their respective companies, and acknowledged the
complementary nature of their respective businesses. They also
discussed the possibility of a strategic transaction between the
two companies and agreed that they should explore the
opportunity more fully.

During the weeks of May 21, 2001 and
May 28, 2001, the senior management and outside legal
counsel and financial advisors to Proxim and Western Multiplex
met to conduct general business reviews, to discuss the terms of
a proposed business combination and to exchange views on
cultural fit, business strategies, management structures and
other post-merger integration issues. In addition to
Mr. King, Keith E. Glover, Proxims Chief Financial
Officer, and other members of Proxim management, participated in
the meetings. In addition to Mr. Zakin, participants from
Western Multiplex included Amir Zoufonoun, President and Chief
Operating Officer, Nancy Huber, Chief Financial Officer and
former General Manager, Fred Corsentino, Vice President, Sales,
other members of Western Multiplex management, and
representatives of Ripplewood Holdings. The two companies
exchanged non-disclosure agreements, conducted initial due
diligence and delivered management presentations. On
May 25, 2001, representatives of Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, Proxims outside legal counsel,
delivered a draft merger agreement to representatives of Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett, Western Multiplexs outside
legal counsel.

On May 30, 2001, the Proxim board of
directors met to discuss the proposed transaction. At the
meeting, the board received presentations from Proxim management
concerning the business of Western Multiplex and the potential
terms of the merger, and also heard preliminary presentations
from Proxims financial and legal advisors.

Separately, management of Western Multiplex
considered the terms of the proposed transaction with Ripplewood
Holdings and its financial and legal advisors.

On or about June 1, 2001, the parties agreed
not to proceed with merger discussions, as they could not come
to agreement on terms including the appropriate exchange ratio.

Between June and December 2001, Messrs. King
and Zakin informally discussed their respective businesses on a
number of occasions, but they did not reinitiate merger
discussions.



At its regularly scheduled meeting on
November 15, 2001, the Western Multiplex board of directors
considered future strategic opportunities that might become
available to the company.

On or about December 10, 2001,
Mr. Zakin telephoned Mr. King and they discussed the
possibility of reinitiating merger discussions between the two
companies. They met on December 14, and agreed, subject to
the approval of Proxims board, to engage in discussions
between the companies regarding a possible business combination.

Later on December 17, 2001, the Proxim board
of directors met telephonically to discuss the desirability of
engaging in merger discussions with Western Multiplex.
Representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati were
present at the meeting. Following discussion, Proxims
board of directors authorized management to enter into merger
discussions with Western Multiplex, and to perform further
business, financial and legal due diligence.

During the morning of December 18, 2001,
Mr. Zakin and Ms. Huber met with Messrs. King and
Glover to discuss generally the potential management structure
of the combined company and other human resource and business
issues that might arise from the proposed merger.

Later that day, an organizational meeting was
held at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, in
Palo Alto, California, among Proxim, Western Multiplex and their
respective legal and financial advisors. Messrs. King and
Glover, Mr. Zakin and Ms. Huber and representatives of
Ripplewood Holdings participated. The parties discussed the
general structure and timing of a potential merger transaction
and outlined a timetable for more detailed discussions regarding
the major functional areas of each company and other due
diligence matters.

Later on December 18, 2001, the Proxim board
of directors met at the offices of Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati. Representatives of JPMorgan H&Q,
Broadview International and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
also attended the meeting. Proxims financial advisors
reviewed the strategy for business and financial due diligence
as well as strategic considerations for a merger transaction
with Western Multiplex. The board also discussed management
structure and retention issues. Following discussion, the Proxim
board directed management to proceed with due diligence and
negotiations for a business combination with Western Multiplex.

From December 19 to December 21, 2001,
due diligence meetings were held at the offices of Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, in Palo Alto, California,
among Western Multiplex, Proxim and their respective legal and
financial advisors. Messrs. King, Glover and other officers
participated from Proxim and Messrs. Zakin, Zoufonoun and
Corsentino, Ms. Huber and other officers participated from
Western Multiplex. A representative of Ripplewood Holdings was
also present. The management teams of each of Western Multiplex
and Proxim delivered presentations, and due diligence ensued on
each of Western Multiplexs and Proxims operations,
research and development, financial and sales functions, as well
as matters concerning the intellectual property of each company.
The parties also discussed objectives for continued due
diligence as well as procedural and structural matters.

In the afternoon of December 21, 2001, the
Proxim board of directors met to review the status of the merger
discussions. At the meeting, the board received presentations
from Proxim management concerning the business of Western
Multiplex and the potential terms of the merger as well as
preliminary presentations from Proxims financial and legal
advisors regarding due diligence. At the conclusion of the
meeting, the board authorized management to continue
negotiations with Western Multiplex. During the evening of
December 21, 2001, representatives of Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati delivered an updated draft merger
agreement to representatives of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett.

On December 26, 2001, the Western Multiplex
board of directors met to review the status of the merger
discussions. At the meeting, Mr. Zakin outlined the
potential terms of the merger and the proposed management
structure of the combined company. The board received a
presentation from Ms. Huber concerning Western Multiplexs
preliminary financial due diligence of Proxim and also reviewed
with Western Multiplexs legal and financial advisors the
results of their due diligence to date. At the



conclusion of the meeting, the board directed
Mr. Zakin to continue negotiations with Proxims
management team and to continue the due diligence investigation
undertaken by Western Multiplexs management and legal and
financial advisors.

During the weeks of December 24, 2001 and
December 31, 2001, representatives of Proxim and Western
Multiplex, together with their respective legal and financial
advisors, continued due diligence discussions and the reciprocal
exchange of due diligence materials. Proxims and Western
Multiplexs legal advisors continued negotiation of the
documentation surrounding the merger, including the merger
agreement, the stockholders agreement, the voting agreements and
other ancillary agreements.

On December 31, 2001, Western Multiplex,
Proxim and their respective legal and financial advisors met to
finalize due diligence and to review the potential operating
synergies between the two companies.

On January 4, 2002, the Proxim board of
directors met at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati to review the status of due diligence and negotiations
surrounding the proposed merger. At the meeting, the board
received presentations from Proxim management as to the results
of their due diligence of Western Multiplex to date. The board
also heard preliminary presentations from Proxims
financial and legal advisors regarding the potential financial
impact of the transaction and the proposed terms of the merger
agreement, stockholders agreement and other ancillary
agreements. The board authorized management to continue due
diligence and negotiations regarding the proposed business
combination and to inform the board as to the results of
continuing due diligence and negotiations.

On January 5, 2002, and throughout the week
of January 7, 2002, further discussions were held with
respect to the principal terms of the merger agreement, the
stockholders agreement and ancillary agreements, and additional
due diligence was conducted by the two companies and their
respective legal and financial advisors.

On January 8 and 9, 2002, the compensation
committee of Western Multiplexs board of directors met
with its outside consultants and legal advisors to discuss
generally appropriate retention packages for the management team
of the combined company and David Kings proposed
employment agreement. The committee instructed Mr. Zakin to
further negotiate various aspects of these employment
arrangements and report the results of those negotiations to the
full board.

On January 10, 2002, the Western Multiplex
board of directors met to discuss the status of the merger
discussions. At the meeting, Western Multiplexs management
and legal and financial advisors reviewed with the board the
results of their due diligence of Proxim, and Mr. Zakin
outlined the potential benefits from and risks of the merger.
Mr. Zakin and representatives of Simpson Thacher and
Bartlett, Western Multiplexs legal advisor, described to
the board the principal terms of the proposed merger agreement,
Mr. Kings employment agreement and the ancillary
agreements to the transaction, and responded to questions
concerning those terms. At the conclusion of the meeting, the
board directed Mr. Zakin to continue negotiations with
Proxim and inform the board as to the status of those
negotiations.

On January 11, 2002, Messrs. King and
Glover and other representatives of Proxim and Mr. Zakin
and Ms. Huber and other representatives of Western
Multiplex, together with Proxims and Western
Multiplexs financial advisors, met at the offices of
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati to conduct additional
financial due diligence. The legal and financial advisors for
both companies and Ripplewood Holdings also continued to
negotiate the principal terms of the merger agreement,
stockholders agreement and other ancillary agreements.

On January 15, 2002, the Western Multiplex
board of directors held a telephonic special meeting to consider
the proposed merger. At this meeting, Mr. Zakin, together
with members of Western Multiplexs management and Western
Multiplexs legal and financial advisors, reviewed the
final results of their due diligence investigations and the
terms of the proposed merger agreement and ancillary agreements.
A representative of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett updated the
board on the status of negotiations and discussed the
boards fiduciary duties. In addition, Credit Suisse First
Boston provided the Western Multiplex board with its preliminary
view as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to
Western



Multiplex of the exchange ratio as of that date
based on a 50% fully diluted equity ownership in the combined
company for the stockholders of each of Western Multiplex and
Proxim, and informed the Western Multiplex board that, subject
to review of the definitive merger agreement and assuming no
material changes in the closing prices of Western Multiplex
Class A common stock and Proxim common stock, it would be
in a position to deliver a written opinion upon calculation of
the final exchange ratio. After discussions, the Western
Multiplex board determined that the merger agreement, the
ancillary agreements and the related transactions were fair and
in the best interests of the stockholders of Western Multiplex
and unanimously approved the merger agreement and the ancillary
agreements and authorized Western Multiplex to enter into the
merger agreement and the ancillary agreements.

Later on January 15, 2002, the Proxim board
of directors met at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati to consider the proposed merger. At this meeting,
Mr. King, together with Mr. Glover and Proxims
legal and financial advisors, reviewed the results of their due
diligence investigations and the terms of the proposed merger
agreement, the stockholders agreement and the other ancillary
agreements. A representative of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati updated the board on the status of negotiations and
discussed the boards fiduciary duties. In addition,
representatives of JPMorgan H&Q and Broadview International
presented various financial analyses and their respective
preliminary views as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to Proxims stockholders of the exchange ratio as of
that date, and informed the Proxim board that, subject to review
of the definitive merger agreement and assuming no material
changes in the closing trading prices of Western Multiplex
Class A common stock and Proxim common stock, they would be
in a position to deliver their respective written opinions upon
calculation of the final exchange ratio. After discussions, the
Proxim board determined that, subject to satisfactory resolution
of certain open items, the merger agreement, the ancillary
agreements and the related transactions were fair and in the
best interests of the stockholders of Proxim and unanimously
approved the merger agreement and the ancillary agreements and
authorized Proxim to enter into the merger agreement and the
ancillary agreements.

Execution versions of the merger agreement and
related documents were prepared the following day.

On January 16, 2002, Mr. King and
representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
JPMorgan H&Q and Broadview International updated the
board as to the final terms and conditions of the merger
agreement, the stockholders agreement and the ancillary
agreements.

Also, on January 16, 2002, Credit Suisse
First Boston delivered to the Western Multiplex board of
directors a written opinion dated January 16, 2002, the
date on which the final exchange ratio was determined and the
merger agreement was executed, to the effect that, as of that
date and based on and subject to the matters described in its
opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of
view, to Western Multiplex. In addition, JPMorgan H&Q
and Broadview International delivered to the Proxim board of
directors written opinions dated January 16, 2002 to the
effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to the
matters described in their respective opinions, the exchange
ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to Proxim
stockholders.

On January 16, 2002, the merger agreement
and related documents were executed and delivered. That evening,
Western Multiplex and Proxim issued a joint public announcement
of the merger and the related transactions.

Joint Reasons for the Merger

The proposed merger combines a leading fixed
wireless company with a leading provider of wireless local area
networking equipment. The combined company will seek to take
advantage of the complementary strengths of Western Multiplex
and Proxim and address strategic opportunities more quickly and
effectively. Western Multiplex and Proxim believe that the
combination provides the potential for stronger combined
operating and financial results than either company could
achieve on its own.



The combined company will have the following
advantages, among others:

 

its combination of product offerings makes it one
	of the few wireless equipment providers that can extend high
	speed internet access from the telephone company or internet
	service provider through campuses or neighborhoods and into
	individual offices, dwellings or rooms, with data rates
	comparable to that of wireline, at much lower cost;

 

Western Multiplexs point-to-point and
	point-to-multipoint products coupled with Proxims wireless
	local area network products should enable the combined company
	to provide high speed wireless networking to and throughout
	enterprise, university and hospital campuses;

 

the integration of Western Multiplexs
	point-to-multipoint product and Proxims local area network
	products should enable the combined company to offer a lower
	cost wireless networking solution than that currently offered to
	business and residential customers, who must currently purchase
	two independent systems from distinct companies to produce the
	identical network. For example, Internet services providers will
	be able to purchase an integrated network solution offered by
	the combined company to provide broadband internet access from
	their base stations to every computer in a residential
	neighborhood or business office;

 

the opportunity to leverage the research and
	development capabilities of approximately 170 engineers and to
	share technology, which will allow duplicate resources to be
	re-deployed to facilitate integration, faster introduction and
	additional feature developments of the products of the combined
	company;

 

the opportunity to cross-market the two
	companies products to a larger customer base and to offer
	its customers a more complete solution for such customers
	broadband wireless networks;

 

the opportunity to expand the worldwide sales and
	support organization for their Lynx, Tsunami, Harmony, Symphony,
	RangeLAN2 and Stratum products;

 

the ability to achieve cost reductions through
	economies of scale and operating synergies;

 

the combination of the two companies
	technical expertise, which may enable the combined entity to
	respond more quickly to technological change and evolving
	standards and regulations;

 

more substantial resources and a larger capital
	base to enable growth and expansion in the rapidly-evolving
	wireless communications equipment market;

 

as the combined company will offer a more diverse
	product line and have greater financial resources than those of
	Western Multiplex or Proxim, the combined company will be less
	vulnerable to business cycle risks associated with both the
	introduction of new products and the emerging, high growth
	broadband communications market; and

 

the opportunity to attract larger strategic
	partners by providing a more complete network solution for the
	delivery of high-speed data and other communication needs
	worldwide.

Western Multiplexs Reasons for the
Merger

In unanimously approving the merger agreement and
in recommending that Western Multiplexs stockholders
approve the share issuance in connection with the merger, the
Western Multiplex board of directors consulted with Western
Multiplexs management, as well as its financial and legal
advisors, and considered a number of factors. The material
factors considered by the Western Multiplex board of directors
in reaching the foregoing conclusion are described below.

 

the reasons described under the section entitled
	Joint Reasons for the Merger beginning on page
	42;

 

the competitive advantage of offering a more
	comprehensive product line including both Western
	Multiplexs Lynx and Tsunami products and Proxims
	Harmony, Symphony, RangeLAN2 and Stratum products;



 

Western Multiplexs ability to sell
	Proxims Harmony, Symphony, RangeLAN2 and Stratum products
	through the combined companys expanded value added
	reseller and distributor channels as well as its direct sales
	force and indirect channel;

 

Western Multiplexs desire to add an
	experienced engineering team that would continue to develop new
	local area network products and would work with Western
	Multiplexs engineering staff to integrate Proxims
	products with Western Multiplexs products;

 

the benefits of becoming a larger organization
	with access to greater financial, development, distribution
	channel and other resources to address the access and networking
	requirements of end-users;

 

Proxims sales and marketing force in Japan
	should significantly expand the international market for Western
	Multiplexs broadband fixed wireless products;

 

Proxims experience with and greater
	reliance on lower cost offshore contract manufacturers should
	improve the combined companys gross margins on its fixed
	wireless products or enable the combined company to lower prices
	to remain competitive;

 

the historical market prices of and trading
	volume information of Proxim common stock compared to Western
	Multiplex common stock;

 

managements view that significant
	consolidation will occur in the industry and that Western
	Multiplex must combine to offer additional products, networking
	technologies and product offerings and gain critical mass in
	order to maintain its position as a leading source for wireless
	equipment and networks with a broad array of products;

 

the financial terms of the merger, including the
	proposed structure as a tax-free reorganization, and the
	exchange ratio, including the continuing approximately 50%
	ownership interest in the combined company by Western Multiplex
	stockholders resulting from the merger;

 

the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston to the
	Western Multiplex board of directors as to the fairness, from a
	financial point of view, to Western Multiplex of the exchange
	ratio provided for in the merger, as described more fully under
	 Opinion of Western Multiplexs Financial
	Advisor;

 

the fact that Ripplewood Holdings relative
	ownership percentage would decline to approximately 27% of the
	combined company upon consummation of the proposed merger;

 

the fact that affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings
	L.L.C. agreed to vote their shares in favor of the issuance of
	shares in connection with the merger and the likelihood that the
	merger would receive the necessary regulatory approvals;

 

the fact that the termination provisions of the
	merger agreement permit Western Multiplex, under specified
	circumstances, to terminate the merger agreement and the size
	and impact of termination fees associated with a termination, as
	well as the advice of Western Multiplexs legal and
	financial advisors concerning such provisions; and

 

the interests of the officers and directors of
	Western Multiplex and Proxim in the merger, including the
	matters described under  Interests of Directors
	and Executive Officers in the Merger, and the beneficial
	impact of the merger on Western Multiplexs stockholders,
	customers and employees.

The Western Multiplex board of directors
considered these benefits as well as the potentially adverse
consequences of other factors on the proposed merger, including:

 

the potential dilutive effect on Western
	Multiplexs common stock price if revenue and earnings
	expectations for Proxim are not met;

 

the potential loss of key Western Multiplex and
	Proxim employees critical to the ongoing success of Western
	Multiplexs and Proxims products and to the
	successful integration of the Harmony, Symphony, Range LAN2 and
	Stratum and global Lynx/ Tsunami product lines;



 

the technical difficulties of integrating
	broadband wireless access products, networks, technologies, and
	companies;

 

the possibility of cultural conflicts;

 

the risk that the merger may not be consummated,
	even if approved by Western Multiplexs and Proxims
	stockholders; and the fact that, because affiliates of
	Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. have agreed to vote for the share
	issuance in connection with the merger but there is no
	controlling stockholder of Proxim to enter into a similar
	agreement, Western Multiplex stockholder approval is assured
	while Proxim stockholder approval is not;

 

the risk associated with the material pending
	litigation to which Proxim is party;

 

the risk that the benefits sought to be achieved
	by the merger will not be realized; and

 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed above
	under Risk Factors beginning on page 16.

The discussion of the information and factors
considered by the Western Multiplex board is not intended to be
exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered. The
Western Multiplex board did not assign particular weight or rank
to the factors it considered in approving the merger. In
considering the factors described above, individual members of
the Western Multiplex board may have given different weight to
different factors. The Western Multiplex board considered all of
these factors as a whole, and concluded that, on balance, the
potential benefits of the merger to Western Multiplex and its
stockholders outweighed the risks.

Recommendation of Western Multiplexs
Board of Directors

After careful consideration, Western
Multiplexs board of directors unanimously determined that
the merger is in the best interests of Western Multiplex and its
stockholders and has declared the merger agreement advisable.
Western Multiplexs board of directors unanimously approved
the merger agreement and the ancillary agreements and
unanimously recommends that Western Multiplex stockholders vote

FOR 
the issuance of Western Multiplex common stock in the
merger.

In considering the recommendation of the Western
Multiplex board of directors with respect to the merger
agreement, you should be aware that certain directors and
executive officers of Western Multiplex have interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the
interests of Western Multiplex stockholders. Please see the
section entitled  Interests of Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger that begins on
page 71 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Opinion of Western Multiplexs Financial
Advisor

Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Western
Multiplexs exclusive financial advisor in connection with
the merger. Western Multiplex selected Credit Suisse First
Boston based on Credit Suisse First Bostons experience,
expertise and reputation, and its familiarity with Western
Multiplex and its business. Credit Suisse First Boston is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm and is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts,
negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

In connection with Credit Suisse First
Bostons engagement, Western Multiplex requested that
Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to Western Multiplex of the exchange
ratio provided for in the merger. Credit Suisse First Boston
delivered to the Western Multiplex board of directors a written
opinion dated January 16, 2002 to the effect that, as of
that date and based on and subject to the matters described in
its opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point
of view, to Western Multiplex.

The full text of Credit Suisse First
Bostons written opinion, dated January 16, 2002, to
the Western Multiplex board of directors, which sets forth the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters



considered and limitations on the review
undertaken, is attached as Annex B and is incorporated into
this proxy statement/prospectus by reference. Holders of Western
Multiplex Class A common stock are encouraged to read this
opinion carefully in its entirety. Credit Suisse First
Bostons opinion is addressed to the Western Multiplex
board of directors and relates only to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to Western Multiplex of the exchange
ratio, does not address any other aspect of the proposed merger
or any related transaction and does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder as to any matters relating to
the merger. The summary of Credit Suisse First Bostons
opinion in this proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First
Boston reviewed the merger agreement and publicly available
business and financial information relating to Western Multiplex
and Proxim. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed other
information relating to Western Multiplex and Proxim, including
publicly available financial forecasts with respect to Western
Multiplex and Proxim, provided to or discussed with Credit
Suisse First Boston by Western Multiplex and Proxim and met with
the managements of Western Multiplex and Proxim to discuss the
businesses and prospects of Western Multiplex and Proxim. Credit
Suisse First Boston considered financial and stock market data
of Western Multiplex and Proxim, and compared those data with
similar data for publicly held companies in businesses similar
to those of Western Multiplex and Proxim, and considered, to the
extent publicly available, the financial terms of other business
combinations and other transactions announced or effected.
Credit Suisse First Boston also considered other information,
financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial,
economic and market criteria that it deemed relevant.

In connection with its review, Credit Suisse
First Boston did not assume any responsibility for independent
verification of any of the information that it reviewed or
considered and relied on that information being complete and
accurate in all material respects. With respect to the publicly
available financial forecasts relating to Western Multiplex and
Proxim, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed and discussed the
forecasts, including adjustments to the forecasts, with the
managements of Western Multiplex and Proxim and was advised, and
assumed, with Western Multiplexs consent, that the
forecasts, including the adjustments, represented reasonable
estimates and judgments as to the future financial performance
of Western Multiplex and Proxim. In addition, Credit Suisse
First Boston relied, without independent verification, on the
assessments of the managements of Western Multiplex and Proxim
as to Western Multiplexs and Proxims existing and
future technology and products and risks associated with such
technology and products, the potential cost savings and
synergies, including the amount, timing and achievability of
those costs savings and synergies, and strategic benefits
anticipated by the managements of Western Multiplex and Proxim
to result from the merger, and Western Multiplexs and
Proxims ability to integrate their businesses and retain
key employees. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston assumed,
with Western Multiplexs consent, that in the course of
obtaining the necessary regulatory and third party approvals and
consents for the proposed merger, no modification, delay,
limitation, restriction or condition would be imposed that would
have an adverse effect on Western Multiplex or Proxim or the
contemplated benefits of the proposed merger. Credit Suisse
First Boston also assumed, with Western Multiplexs
consent, that the merger would be treated as a tax-free
reorganization for federal income tax purposes. Credit Suisse
First Boston was not requested to, and did not, make an
independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Western Multiplex or
Proxim, and Credit Suisse First Boston was not furnished with
any evaluations or appraisals.

Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion was
necessarily based on information available to it, and financial,
economic, market and other conditions as they existed and could
be evaluated, on the date of Credit Suisse First Bostons
opinion. Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion
as to what the value of Western Multiplex Class A common
stock actually would be when issued in the merger or the prices
at which Western Multiplex Class A common stock would trade
at any time. Although Credit Suisse First Boston evaluated the
exchange ratio from a financial point of view, Credit Suisse
First Boston was not requested to, and did not, recommend the
specific consideration payable in the merger, which
consideration was determined between Western Multiplex and
Proxim. Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion did not
address the relative merits of the merger as compared to other
business strategies that might have



been available to Western Multiplex, and also did
not address the underlying business decision of Western
Multiplex to proceed with the merger. Except as described above,
Western Multiplex imposed no other limitations on Credit Suisse
First Boston with respect to the investigations made or
procedures followed in rendering its opinion.

In preparing its opinion to the Western Multiplex
board of directors, Credit Suisse First Boston performed a
variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those
described below. The summary of Credit Suisse First
Bostons analyses described below is not a complete
description of the analyses underlying its opinion. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving
various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of those
methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, a
fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis
or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Credit
Suisse First Boston made qualitative judgments as to the
significance and relevance of each analysis and factor that it
considered. Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston believes
that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on
information presented in tabular format, without considering all
analyses and factors or the narrative description of the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the
processes underlying its analyses and opinion.

In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston
considered industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which
are beyond the control of Western Multiplex and Proxim. No
company, transaction or business used in Credit Suisse First
Bostons analyses as a comparison is identical to Western
Multiplex, Proxim, or the proposed merger, and an evaluation of
the results of those analyses is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and
judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and
other factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading
or other values of the companies, business segments or
transactions analyzed. The estimates contained in Credit Suisse
First Bostons analyses and the ranges of valuations
resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or
values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
those suggested by the analyses. In addition, analyses relating
to the value of businesses or securities do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or
securities actually may be sold. Accordingly, Credit Suisse
First Bostons analyses and estimates are inherently
subject to substantial uncertainty.

Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion and
financial analyses were only one of many factors considered by
the Western Multiplex board of directors in its evaluation of
the proposed merger and should not be viewed as determinative of
the views of the Western Multiplex board of directors or
management with respect to the merger or the exchange ratio.

The following is a summary of the material
financial analyses underlying Credit Suisse First Bostons
opinion delivered to the Western Multiplex board of directors in
connection with the merger. 
The financial analyses summarized
below include information presented in tabular format. In order
to fully understand Credit Suisse First Bostons financial
analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. Considering the data in
the tables below without considering the full narrative
description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of Credit Suisse First
Bostons financial analyses.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.

Credit Suisse First Boston calculated
the estimated present value of the stand-alone, unlevered,
after-tax free cash flows that each of Western Multiplex and
Proxim could generate for calendar years 2002 through 2006 as
derived from publicly available research and industry
analysts estimates and discussions with the managements of
Western Multiplex and Proxim. Credit Suisse First Boston
calculated a range of estimated terminal values for Western
Multiplex and Proxim by applying multiples ranging from 30.0x to
40.0x to each of Proxims and Western Multiplexs
calendar year 2006 estimated after-tax net operating profit. The
estimated free cash flows and terminal values were then
discounted to present value using discount rates of 19.0% to
30.0% in the case of Western Multiplex and 18.0% to 30.0% in the
case of Proxim. This analysis indicated an implied per share
equity reference range



for Western Multiplex Class A common stock
of approximately $3.61 to $6.70, with a median of $4.83, and an
implied per share equity reference range for Proxim common stock
of approximately $7.94 to $13.55, with a median of $9.98.

Utilizing the low, median and high implied per
share equity reference ranges for Western Multiplex and Proxim
referenced above, Credit Suisse First Boston derived implied
revenue and earnings multiples for Western Multiplex and Proxim
based on calendar year 2001 and 2002 publicly available research
and industry analysts estimates for each company. Based on
those implied multiples, Credit Suisse First Boston then
calculated implied exchange ratios for Western Multiplex
Class A common stock and Proxim common stock and the
resulting fully diluted equity ownership percentage of
Proxims stockholders in the combined company. This
analysis indicated the following low, median and high implied
exchange ratios, as compared to the merger exchange ratio, and
the fully diluted equity ownership percentage of Proxims
stockholders in the combined company implied by those exchange
ratios, as compared to the fully diluted equity ownership
percentage of Proxims stockholders in the combined company
based on the merger exchange ratio:

Implied Exchange Ratio

Low

Median

High

Merger

2.202x

2.067x

2.024x

1.8896x

Implied Proxim Stockholder Fully

Diluted Equity Ownership

Percentages in the Combined Company

Low

Median

High

Merger

54.4%

52.6%

52.0%

50.0%

Selected Companies Analysis.

Credit Suisse First Boston compared
financial, operating and stock market data of Western Multiplex
and Proxim to corresponding data of the following 39 publicly
traded companies in various sectors of the communications
equipment industry, as described below:

Wireless LAN

 Symbol Technologies, Inc.

Wireless Point-to-Multipoint

 Netro Corporation

 Alvarion Ltd.

 Airspan Networks Inc.

 Vyyo Inc.

DSL Access Equipment Vendors

 Next Level Communications, Inc.

 Paradyne Networks, Inc.

 Westell Technologies, Inc.

 Copper Mountain Networks, Inc.

 Netopia, Inc.

 Orckit Communications Ltd.

 Tut Systems, Inc.

Communications Equipment
Majors

 Cisco Systems, Inc.

 Nokia Corporation

 Siemens AG

 Ericsson LM Tel Co. Ad

 Motorola, Inc.

 Nortel Networks Corporation

 Lucent Technologies Inc.

 Alcatel

Wireless Point-to-Point

 DMC Stratex Networks, Inc.

 Ceragon Networks Ltd.

 P-Com, Inc.

 Triton Network Systems, Inc.

Cable Access Equipment
Vendors

 Scientific-Atlanta, Inc.

 Harmonic Inc.

 Terayon Communications Systems, Inc.

 Com21, Inc.

TDM Access Equipment Vendors

 Advanced Fibre Communications, Inc.

 ADTRAN, Inc.

 Carrier Access Corporation

Specialty Communications Equipment
Leaders

 Juniper Networks, Inc.

 Tellabs, Inc.

 CIENA Corporation

 Sycamore Networks, Inc.

 Sonus Networks, Inc.

 ONI Systems Corp.

 Corvis Corporation

 Tellium, Inc.



Credit Suisse First Boston compared stock prices
as a multiple of calendar year 2001 and 2002 estimated earnings
per share and fully diluted aggregate values, calculated as
fully diluted equity value plus net debt, as a multiple of
calendar year 2001 and 2002 estimated revenues. Credit Suisse
First Boston also compared stock price to earnings ratios as a
multiple of calendar year 2001 and 2002 estimated long-term
growth rates. All multiples were based on closing stock prices
on January 16, 2002. Estimated financial data for Western
Multiplex, Proxim and the selected companies were based on
publicly available research analysts estimates. Financial
statistics that were not meaningful due to operating losses have
been reflected as NM and financial statistics that
were not available have been reflected as NA. This
analysis indicated the following multiples for the selected
companies, as compared to the multiples implied for Western
Multiplex and Proxim based on the closing prices of Western
Multiplex Class A common stock and Proxim common stock on
January 16, 2002:

Price to

Equity Value

Aggregate

Earnings as

as a

Value as a

a Multiple of

Multiple of

Multiple of

Long-Term

Earnings

Revenue

Growth Rate

Wireless LAN

57.8

x

39.0

x

2.7

x

2.5

x

2.4

x

1.6

x

Wireless point-to-point

Mean

NA

NA

1.2

x

1.4

x

NA

NA

Median

NA

NA

1.4

1.4

NA

NA

Wireless point-to-multi-point

Mean

NA

NA

0.8

x

0.6

x

NA

NA

Median

NA

NA

0.8

0.6

NA

NA

Cable access equipment vendors

Mean

17.8

x

44.4

x

1.3

x

1.9

x

1.3

x

3.4

x

Median

17.8

44.4

1.4

2.2

1.3

3.4

DSL access equipment vendors

Mean

NA

38.4

x

1.1

x

1.1

x

NA

1.4

x

Median

NA

26.5

0.8

0.8

NA

1.1

TDM access equipment vendors

Mean

56.5

x

54.9

x

1.6

x

1.6

x

4.6

x

3.2

x

Median

56.5

54.9

1.7

1.6

4.6

3.2

Communications equipment majors

Mean

40.8

x

78.9

x

2.1

x

2.1

x

1.8

x

4.6

x

Median

32.5

48.8

1.4

1.4

1.8

2.1

Specialty communications equipment
	leaders

Mean

36.1

x

76.4

x

3.1

x

3.6

x

1.5

x

3.0

x

Median

33.9

76.4

2.5

3.0

1.2

3.0

Western Multiplex

NM

50.3

x

2.3

x

2.0

x

NM

1.7

x

Proxim

100.7

x

46.3

x

2.7

x

2.6

x

4.5

x

2.1

x

Contribution Analysis.

Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed
the relative contributions of Western Multiplex and Proxim to
the revenue, gross profit, operating income and net income of
the combined company for the latest 12 months and as estimated
for calendar years 2001 and 2002, excluding amortization
expense, potential synergies and one-time charges. Estimated
financial data for Western Multiplex and Proxim were based on
publicly available research analysts estimates.

Credit Suisse First Boston then computed the
fully diluted equity ownership percentages of Proxims
stockholders in the combined company implied by Proxims
relative contribution for each operational metric observed, in
each case adjusted to reflect net cash balances, and the
exchange ratios implied by



those ownership percentages. This analysis
indicated the following low, mean, median and high fully diluted
equity ownership percentages of Proxims stockholders in
the combined company, as compared to the fully diluted equity
ownership of Proxims stockholders in the combined company
immediately upon consummation of the merger, and the exchange
ratios implied by those ownership percentages, as compared to
the merger exchange ratio:

Implied Proxim Stockholder Fully Diluted Equity

Ownership Percentages in the Combined Company

Low

Mean

Median

High

Merger

44.6%

52.8%

49.1%

72.7%

50.0%

Implied Exchange Ratio

Low

Mean

Median

High

Merger

1.565x

2.244x

1.834x

4.539x

1.8896x

Exchange Ratio Analysis.

Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed
the ratio of the closing price of Western Multiplex Class A
common stock to the closing price of Proxim common stock on
January 16, 2002 and the average of this ratio calculated
from January 2, 2001 to various periods up to and including
January 16, 2002. Credit Suisse First Boston then computed the
premium/ (discount) implied by those exchange ratios, based on
the closing prices for Western Class A common stock and Proxim
common stock on January 16, 2002, and under three
scenarios, referred to as primary case, fully diluted case and
fully converted case, utilizing, in each scenario, an equity
ownership percentage of Proxims stockholders in the
combined company of 50.0%. The primary case was based on the
outstanding shares of Western Multiplex Class A common
stock and Proxim common stock. The fully diluted case was based
on the primary case accounting for in-the-money outstanding
options and warrants to purchase shares of Western Multiplex
Class A common stock and Proxim common stock, using the
treasury stock method. The fully converted case was based on the
primary case including all outstanding options and warrants to
purchase shares of Western Multiplex Class A common stock
and Proxim common stock irrespective of whether such options and
warrants were in-the-money. This analysis yielded an implied
exchange ratio range of 1.689x to 2.076x, as compared to the
merger exchange ratio of 1.8896x and implied merger
premium/(discount) ranges, as indicated in the following table:

Implied Premium/(Discount)

Implied

Implied

Fully

Fully

Exchange

Premium/(Discount)

Primary

Diluted

Converted

Period

Ratio

January 16, 2002

Case

Case

Case

January 16, 2002

2.076x

0.0

%

(9.5

)%

(9.0

)%

(18.6

)%

5 trading day average

2.195x

(5.4

)%

(14.4

)%

(13.9

)%

(23.1

)%

10 trading day average

2.108x

(1.5

)%

(10.9

)%

(10.4

)%

(19.9

)%

30 trading day average

2.082x

(0.3

)%

(9.8

)%

(9.2

)%

(18.9

)%

60 trading day average

2.107x

(1.5

)%

(10.9

)%

(10.3

)%

(19.9

)%

90 trading day average

2.318x

(10.4

)%

(19.0

)%

(18.5

)%

(27.1

)%

180 trading day average

2.435x

(14.7

)%

(22.8

)%

(22.4

)%

(30.6

)%

Period Average

2.405x

(13.7

)%

(21.9

)%

(21.4

)%

(29.8

)%

Precedent Merger of Equals Transactions.

Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed
the purchase prices and premiums paid in 21 merger of equals
transactions in the technology industry announced since
July 4, 1994. For each transaction, Credit Suisse First
Boston calculated the premium implied by the exchange ratio in
the transaction relative to the ratio of the closing stock
prices for the acquirors and targets in the transactions one
trading day and over various periods prior to public
announcement of the transaction. Credit Suisse First Boston then
applied the resulting premiums to the ratio of the closing
prices of Western Multiplex Class A common stock to the
closing prices of Proxim common stock over the same periods.
Over the various periods observed, this analysis indicated the
following implied exchange ratios, as compared to the merger
exchange ratio, and implied fully diluted equity ownership
percentage of Proxims stockholders in the combined
company, as compared to the fully diluted equity ownership
percentage of



Proxims stockholders in the combined
company upon consummation of the merger based on the merger
exchange ratio:

Exchange Ratios Implied by Precedent Transactions

90 Days

60 Days

30 Days

10 Days

1 Day

Average

Merger

2.597x

2.393x

2.288x

2.467x

2.422x

2.441x

1.8896x

Implied Proxim Stockholder Fully Diluted

Equity Ownership Percentages in the Combined Company

90 Days

60 Days

30 Days

10 Days

1 Day

Average

Merger

58.9%

56.7%

55.4%

57.5%

57.0%

57.3%

50.0%

Pro Forma Merger Analysis.

Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed
the potential pro forma effect of the merger on Western
Multiplexs estimated earnings per share for the last three
quarters of calendar year 2002 and as estimated for the full
calendar year of 2002, both before and after taking into account
potential cost synergies anticipated by the managements of
Western Multiplex and Proxim to result from the merger,
excluding merger related costs. Estimated financial data for
Western Multiplex and Proxim were based on publicly available
research analysts estimates. Based on the merger exchange
ratio of 1.8896x, this analysis indicated that the merger could
be:

 

accretive to Western Multiplexs estimated
	earnings per share for the third and fourth quarters of calendar
	year 2002 and for the full calendar year of 2002, both before
	and after taking into account potential cost synergies from the
	merger;

 

accretive to Western Multiplexs estimated
	earnings per share for the second quarter of calendar year 2002,
	after taking into account potential cost synergies from the
	merger; and

 

dilutive to Western Multiplexs estimated
	earnings per share for the second quarter of calendar year 2002,
	without taking into account potential cost synergies from the
	merger.

Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed the
potential pro forma effect of the merger on Western
Multiplexs calendar year 2002 estimated earnings per share
for calendar year 2002, based on publicly available research
analysts estimates for Western Multiplex and a Proxim
sensitivity case, which evaluated the potential effect of
increases and decreases in Proxims estimated calendar year
2002 revenue relative to publicly available research
analysts estimates. Based on the merger exchange ratio of
1.8896x, this analysis indicated that the merger could be
dilutive to Western Multiplexs estimated earnings per
share, without giving effect to potential cost synergies from
the merger, assuming that Proxims calendar year 2002
estimated revenue was below publicly available research
analysts revenue estimates for Proxim by approximately
3.7% or more, and further assuming Proxims costs during
that calendar year remained constant with the level estimated by
publicly available research analysts. The actual results
achieved by the combined company may vary from the projected
results and the variations may be material.

Other Factors. 
In
the course of preparing its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston
also reviewed and considered other information and data,
including:

 

illustrative pro forma per share values for
	Western Multiplex Class A common stock implied by ranges of
	selected earnings and revenue multiple assumptions, both before
	and after giving effect, in the case of earnings multiples, to
	potential cost synergies anticipated by the managements of
	Western Multiplex and Proxim to result from the merger;

 

publicly available research analysts
	reports for Western Multiplex and Proxim financial results;

 

a comparison of the historical reported revenue
	and earnings per share of Western Multiplex for the last six
	fiscal quarters and of Proxim for the last eight fiscal quarters
	relative to estimates of publicly available research
	analysts as to the revenue and earnings per share of
	Western Multiplex and Proxim for those quarters, excluding the
	fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2001; and

 

historical price performance and trading
	characteristics of Western Multiplex Class A common stock
	and Proxim common stock and the relationship between movements
	in Western Multiplex Class A common stock, Proxim common
	stock and movements of selected companies and in selected stock
	indices.



Miscellaneous.

Western Multiplex has agreed to pay
Credit Suisse First Boston customary fees for its financial
advisory services in connection with the merger. Western
Multiplex also has agreed to reimburse Credit Suisse First
Boston for its out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and
out-of-pocket expenses of legal counsel and any other advisor
retained by Credit Suisse First Boston, and to indemnify Credit
Suisse First Boston and related parties against liabilities,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising
out of its engagement.

Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates in
the past have provided, and may in the future provide,
investment banking and financial services to Western Multiplex
unrelated to the proposed merger, for which services Credit
Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have received and would
expect to receive compensation. In the ordinary course of
business, Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may hold
or actively trade the securities of Western Multiplex, Proxim
and their affiliates for their own accounts and for the accounts
of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or
short positions in those securities.

Proxims Reasons for the Merger

In unanimously approving the merger agreement and
in recommending that Proxims stockholders adopt the merger
agreement, the Proxim board consulted with Proxims
management, as well as its financial and legal advisors, and
considered a number of factors. The material factors considered
by the Proxim board of directors in approving and recommending
adoption of the merger agreement are described below.

 

the reasons described under the section entitled
	 Joint Reasons for the Merger beginning
	on page 42;

 

the opportunity to respond to customer requests
	for an integrated networking system including both
	point-to-point and point-to-multipoint products with wireless
	LAN products;

 

the opportunity to expand the worldwide sales and
	support organization for Proxims products, opening new
	market opportunities in the enterprise/campus market;

 

the strengthening of the management team that
	will result from the merger;

 

the opportunity to leverage Western
	Multiplexs research and development, engineering and
	technical capabilities to facilitate faster product
	introduction, accelerated cost reduction and additional
	development of product features. The combination of the two
	companies technical expertise may enable the combined
	entity to respond more quickly to technological change and
	evolving standards;

 

the benefits of the greater financial,
	development, personnel and other resources of a larger
	consolidated organization that should enable it to more
	effectively address the broadband wireless equipment market;

 

information concerning the historical financial
	performance, business operations, and financial condition and
	prospects of Western Multiplex;

 

the view of the business strategy and prospects
	for the combined entity shared by the management teams of both
	companies;

 

the financial condition, results of operations
	and business of Proxim, on both a historical and prospective
	basis, as well as current industry, economic, and market
	conditions;

 

the financial terms of the merger, including the
	proposed structure as a tax-free reorganization, and the
	exchange ratio;

 

the financial presentations and the opinions of
	JPMorgan H&Q and Broadview International LLC rendered to the
	Proxim board of directors at its January 15, 2002 meeting
	to the effect that as of the date of such opinion and based upon
	and subject to certain matters stated therein, the exchange
	ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders
	of Proxim common stock;



 

current industry and financial market conditions
	and historical market prices, volatility and trading information
	with respect to Western Multiplex and Proxim common stock;

 

the fact that affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings
	L.L.C. and Western Multiplex had agreed to enter into the
	stockholders agreement;

 

the fact that affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings
	L.L.C. had agreed to vote their shares in favor of the issuance
	of shares in connection with the merger and the likelihood that
	the merger will receive the necessary regulatory approvals;

 

the fact that the termination provisions of the
	merger agreement permit Proxim, under specified circumstances,
	to terminate the merger agreement and the size and impact of
	termination fees associated with a termination, as well as the
	advice of Proxims legal and financial advisors concerning
	such provisions; and

 

the interests of the officers and directors of
	Proxim in the merger, including the matters described under
	 Interests of Directors and Executive Officers
	in the Merger, and the impact of the merger on
	Proxims stockholders, customers and employees.

The Proxim board of directors also considered
potential negative factors relating to the merger, including:

 

the effect of the structure of the merger and the
	negative spot premium;

 

the potentially negative impact of
	Ripplewoods share ownership and future distributions and
	sales;

 

the potential dilutive effect on Proxims
	common stock price if revenues and earnings expectations for
	Western Multiplex are not met;

 

the risk that, because the exchange ratio under
	the merger agreement will not be adjusted for changes in the
	market price of Western Multiplex common stock, the per share
	value of the consideration to be received by Proxim stockholders
	might be significantly less than the per share value implied by
	the exchange ratio immediately prior to the announcement of the
	merger;

 

the risks that the benefits sought in the merger
	would not be fully achieved;

 

the risk that the merger would not be consummated;

 

the potential loss of a number of key Proxim and
	Western Multiplex employees critical to the ongoing success of
	Proxims and Western Multiplexs products and to the
	successful integration of product lines;

 

difficulties associated with integration of each
	companys products, networks and technologies;

 

the effect of the announcement of the merger on
	Proxims sales and operating results and its ability to
	attract and retain key engineering and sales personnel;

 

the impact that a merger of equals may have on
	its stockholders and employees;

 

the possibility of cultural conflicts between the
	companies; and

 

other risks and uncertainties discussed above
	under Risk Factors beginning on page 16.

The foregoing discussion of the items that the
Proxim board considered is not intended to be exhaustive, but
includes all material items that the Proxim board considered. In
view of the complexity and wide variety of factors, both
positive and negative, that the Proxim board considered, the
Proxim board did not find it practical to quantify, rank or
otherwise weight the factors considered. In considering the
various factors, individual members of the Proxim board
considered all of these factors as a whole and concluded that,
on balance, the benefits of the merger to Proxim and its
stockholders outweighed the negative factors.



Recommendation of Proxims Board of
Directors

After careful consideration, Proxims board
of directors unanimously determined that the merger is fair to,
and in the best interests of, Proxim and its stockholders and
has declared the merger agreement advisable. Proxims board
of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
ancillary agreements and unanimously recommends that Proxim
stockholders vote 
FOR 
the adoption of the merger
agreement.

In considering the recommendation of the Proxim
board of directors with respect to the merger agreement, you
should be aware that certain directors and executive officers of
Proxim have interests in the merger that are different from, or
are in addition to, the interests of Proxim stockholders. Please
see the section entitled  Interests of
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger that begins
on page 71 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Opinion of Proxims Financial
Advisors

Opinion of JPMorgan H&Q

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated
December 31, 2001, Proxim retained JPMorgan Securities
Inc., referred to in this proxy statement/ prospectus as
JPMorgan H&Q, as a financial advisor in
connection with the proposed transaction and to render an
opinion to the Proxim board as to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of shares of common stock of
Proxim of the exchange ratio reflected in the merger agreement.
JPMorgan H&Q was selected by the Proxim board based on
JPMorgan H&Qs qualifications, experience and
reputation, as well as JPMorgan H&Qs historic
investment banking relationship and familiarity with Proxim. At
the meeting of Proxims board of directors on
January 15, 2002, JPMorgan H&Q presented various
financial analyses and its preliminary views as to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, to Proxims stockholders of
the exchange ratio as of that date, and on January 16,
2002, delivered to the Proxim board of directors a written
opinion dated as of that date, to the effect that, as of that
date, the exchange ratio reflected in the merger agreement was
fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Proxim
common stock. The amount of the consideration was determined
through negotiations between Western Multiplex and Proxim and
not as a result of recommendations by JPMorgan H&Q.

The full text of the opinion delivered by
JPMorgan H&Q to the Proxim board dated January 16,
2002, which sets forth the assumptions made, general procedures
followed, matters considered and limitations on the scope of
review undertaken by JPMorgan H&Q in rendering its opinion,
is attached as Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus
and is incorporated herein by reference. JPMorgan H&Qs
opinion is directed to the Proxim board and addresses only the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to Proxim stockholders
of the exchange ratio reflected in the merger agreement.
JPMorgan H&Qs opinion does not constitute a
recommendation to any Proxim stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote with respect to the proposed
transaction. In furnishing its opinion, JPMorgan H&Q did not
admit that it is an expert within the meaning of the term
expert as used in the Securities Act, nor did it
admit that its opinion constitutes a report or valuation within
the meaning of the Securities Act. The summary of JPMorgan
H&Qs opinion set forth below is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of its opinion. Proxim
stockholders are urged to read the opinion carefully in its
entirety.

In connection with its review of the merger, and
in arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan H&Q has, among other
things:

 

reviewed the merger agreement;

 

reviewed certain publicly available business and
	financial information concerning Proxim and Western Multiplex
	and the industries in which they operate;

 

compared the proposed financial terms of the
	merger with the publicly available financial terms of certain
	transactions involving companies JPMorgan H&Q deemed
	relevant and the consideration received for such companies;



 

compared the financial and operating performance
	of Proxim and Western Multiplex with publicly available
	information concerning certain other companies JPMorgan H&Q
	deemed relevant and reviewed the current and historical market
	prices of Proxim common stock and Western Multiplex common stock
	and certain publicly traded securities of such other companies;

 

reviewed certain internal financial analyses
	prepared by the management of Proxim and Western Multiplex
	relating to their respective businesses, publicly available
	financial forecasts regarding Proxim and Western Multiplex;

 

performed such other financial studies and
	analyses and considered such other information as JPMorgan
	H&Q deemed appropriate for the purposes of the opinion; and

 

held discussions with certain members of the
	management of Proxim and Western Multiplex with respect to
	certain aspects of the merger, and the past and current business
	operations of Proxim and Western Multiplex, the financial
	condition and future prospects and operations of Proxim and
	Western Multiplex, the effects of the merger on the financial
	condition and future prospects of Proxim and Western Multiplex,
	and certain other matters JPMorgan H&Q believed necessary or
	appropriate to its inquiry.

In rendering its opinion, JPMorgan H&Q
assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the
accuracy and completeness of all the information concerning
Proxim and Western Multiplex that was publicly available or was
furnished to JPMorgan H&Q by Proxim considered in connection
with its review of the proposed transaction, and JPMorgan
H&Q did not assume any responsibility or liability therefor.
In connection with its opinion, JPMorgan H&Q did not conduct
any valuation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities
of Proxim or Western Multiplex, nor have any such valuations or
appraisals been provided to JPMorgan H&Q, nor did it conduct
a physical inspection of the properties and facilities of Proxim
or Western Multiplex. In relying on financial analyses and
forecasts provided to JPMorgan H&Q and used in its analysis,
JPMorgan H&Q assumed that they had been reasonably prepared
based on assumptions reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments by management of Proxim of the expected
future results of operations and financial condition of Proxim
and Western Multiplex to which such analyses or forecasts
relate. JPMorgan H&Q also assumed that the Merger will
qualify as a tax-free reorganization for United States federal
income tax purposes, and that the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement will be consummated as
described in the merger agreement. JPMorgan H&Q relied as to
all legal matters relevant to rendering its opinion upon the
advice of its counsel. JPMorgan H&Q further assumed that all
material governmental, regulatory or other consents and
approvals necessary for the consummation of the merger will be
obtained without any material adverse effect on Proxim or
Western Multiplex or on the contemplated benefits of the merger.
With Proxim boards consent, JPMorgan H&Q did not
consider the outcome of any of the legal proceedings involving
Proxim with regards to violations of intellectual property
rights.

JPMorgan H&Qs opinion is necessarily
based upon market, economic, financial and other conditions as
they existed and could be evaluated as of the date of the
opinion and any subsequent change in such conditions would
require a reevaluation of such opinion. JPMorgan H&Q does
not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its
opinion. JPMorgan H&Q expresses no opinion as to the price
at which Western Multiplex common stock will trade at any future
time.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and involves various judgments and
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
assumptions and financial analyses and the application of these
methods to the particular circumstances involved. Such an
opinion is therefore not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description. Accordingly, JPMorgan H&Q
believes that its analyses and the summary set forth below must
be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses, without considering all analyses, or of the following
summary, without considering all factors and analyses, could
create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the
analyses performed by JPMorgan H&Q in connection with its
opinion. In arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan H&Q did not
attribute any particular weight to any analyses or factors
considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to
the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.
JPMorgan H&Q did



not form an opinion as to whether any individual
analysis or factor (positive or negative), considered in
isolation, supported or failed to support the JPMorgan H&Q
opinion. In performing its analyses, JPMorgan H&Q made
numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond the control of Proxim and Western Multiplex.
The analyses performed by JPMorgan H&Q are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or actual future results, which may
be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such
analyses. Such analyses were prepared solely as part of the
JPMorgan H&Q analysis of the fairness to Proxim
stockholders, from a financial point of view, of the exchange
ratio to be used in the proposed transaction. Additionally,
analyses relating to the values of businesses do not purport to
be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses
actually may be acquired. The following is a brief summary of
the material financial analyses performed by JPMorgan H&Q in
connection with its presentation to the Proxim board on
January 15, 2002 and its written fairness opinion delivered
on January 16, 2002. Some of the summaries of the financial
analyses include information presented in tabular format. To
fully understand the financial analyses, you should read the
tables together with the text of each summary. Considering the
data set forth in the tables without considering the narrative
description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses.

Pro Forma Merger
Analysis.
 JPMorgan H&Q analyzed
the pro forma impact of the merger on the projected financial
results of Western Multiplex, for Western Multiplexs
calendar year ending December 31, 2002. Projections for
Western Multiplex and Proxim were based on published Wall Street
research estimates. JPMorgan H&Q observed that, excluding
the impact of goodwill and other non-cash expenses, the pro
forma accretive or dilutive impact of the merger on Western
Multiplexs projected calendar 2002 earnings per share was
accretive. Based on an assumed closing date of March 31,
2002 and excluding any synergies, JPMorgan H&Q also observed
Proxims contributions to the combined company pro forma
revenue, gross profit, operating income and net income for
calendar year 2002 were projected to be 40.8%, 35.1%, 50.4% and
55.7%, respectively.

Contribution
Analysis.
 JPMorgan H&Q derived
implied exchange ratios based on Proxims and Western
Multiplexs relative income statement contribution to the
combined entity for calendar years 2001 and 2002. Projections
were based on published Wall Street estimates, excluding the
impact of goodwill and other non-cash charges, and disregarded
any purchase accounting period adjustments. Proxims
percentage contributions of revenues and gross profit to the
combined entity for the calendar year 2001 were 45.5% and 42.9%,
respectively. Implied pro forma share count estimates of the
combined entity were derived by dividing Western
Multiplexs fully diluted shares by Western
Multiplexs contribution percentage. Multiplying
Proxims contribution percentages by the implied pro forma
share count estimates, JPMorgan H&Q derived the implied
Proxim pro forma share ownership in the combined entity.
Proxims pro forma share ownership in the combined entity
was divided by Proxims current stand-alone fully diluted
share count estimate to derive an implied exchange ratio. The
implied exchange ratios based on revenue contribution and gross
profit contribution were 1.5677 and 1.4146, respectively. Due to
Western Multiplexs operating and net income losses in
2001, contribution analyses based on operating income and net
income were deemed to be not meaningful. JPMorgan H&Q also
derived implied exchange ratios based on Proxims and
Western Multiplexs relative contribution to the combined
entity of revenues, gross profit, operating income and net
income for Fiscal Year 2002. Projections were based on published
Wall Street estimates, excluding the impact of goodwill and
other non-cash charges, and disregarded any purchase accounting
period adjustments. Proxims percentage contributions of
revenue, gross profit, operating income, and net income to the
combined entity for the Fiscal Year 2002 were 45.8%, 40.1%,
53.3% and 54.1%, respectively. Implied pro forma share count
estimates of the combined entity were derived by dividing
Western Multiplexs fully diluted shares by Western
Multiplexs percentage contribution. Multiplying
Proxims contribution percentages by the implied pro forma
share count estimates, JPMorgan H&Q derived the implied
Proxim pro forma share ownership in the combined entity.
Proxims pro forma share ownership in the combined entity
was divided by Proxims current stand-alone fully diluted
share count estimate to derive an implied exchange ratio. The
implied exchange ratios based on revenue



contribution, gross profit contribution,
operating income contribution and net income contribution were
1.5867, 1.2565, 2.1436 and 2.2146, respectively.

Analysis of Selected Public
Companies.
 Using published Wall Street
estimates, JPMorgan H&Q compared, among other things,
certain trading and valuation statistics for Proxim to
corresponding measures for four publicly traded comparable
companies. The companies that JPMorgan H&Q reviewed in
connection with this analysis were:

 

Alvarion Ltd.

 

Intersil Corporation

 

SpectraLink Corporation

 

Symbol Technologies, Inc.

JPMorgan H&Q derived multiples of enterprise
value (equity value plus cash less debt) to last twelve months
(LTM) revenues ending September 30, 2001, projected
calendar year (CY) 2001 revenues and projected calendar
year 2002 revenues for these public companies. The results of
this analysis are as follows:

Metric

Mean Multiple

Enterprise Value/ LTM Revenue

3.4

Enterprise Value/ CY 2001 Revenue

3.9

Enterprise Value/ CY 2002 Revenue

3.4

JPMorgan H&Q then applied the mean of these
revenue multiples to Proxims last twelve months historic
revenues, and Proxims projected calendar year 2001 and
2002 revenues, to derive an implied equity value for Proxim
based on these multiples, and an implied price per share based
on the diluted number of shares of Proxims common stock.
This methodology implied Proxim per share prices of $12.33,
$12.01 and $12.12 using LTM, CY2001 and CY2002 revenue
multiples, respectively. The implied exchange ratios were
calculated by dividing the implied Proxim prices per share by
Western Multiplexs share price of $4.40 on
January 15, 2002. This methodology implied exchange ratios
of 2.8032, 2.7300 and 2.7544 using LTM, CY2001 and CY2002
revenue multiples, respectively. These values were compared to
the transaction exchange ratio of 1.8896 Western Multiplex
shares for each Proxim share.

JPMorgan H&Q noted that none of the selected
companies were identical to Proxim and that any analysis of the
selected companies necessarily involved complex considerations
and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that would necessarily affect
the relative trading values.

Exchange Ratio
Analysis.
 JPMorgan H&Q observed
the historical exchange ratio implied by the trading prices of
Proxim and Western Multiplex for various periods over the last
twelve months and compared these ratios to the proposed exchange
ratio of 1.8896 Western Multiplex shares for each Proxim share.
The average natural exchange ratios for Proxim and Western
Multiplex were:

Historical

Period

Exchange Ratio

Closing Price on January 15, 2002

2.1818

10 Day Average

2.0814

20 Day Average

1.8974

60 Day Average

2.1027

90 Day Average

2.3321

180 Day Average

2.4319

LTM Day Average

2.3393

Proposed Transaction Exchange Ratio

1.8896



Merger-of-Equals Transaction Analysis.

On a qualitative basis, JPMorgan
H&Q compared the proposed transaction with selected
merger-of-equals technology transactions. Such
transactions were defined as recent technology mergers between
companies with relatively equivalent market capitalizations, in
the same technology industry. In comparing the precedent
transactions with the proposed transaction, JPMorgan H&Q
evaluated such factors as post-transaction board and management
composition, target ownership, and premiums (or discounts) paid
to target stockholders.

Fee Arrangements.

JPMorgan H&Q, as part of its investment banking services, is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
strategic transactions, corporate restructurings, negotiated
underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and
other purposes. JPMorgan H&Q has acted as a financial
advisor to the board of directors of Proxim in connection with
the proposed merger, and JPMorgan H&Q will receive a fee for
its services, which include the rendering of its opinion.

In the past, JPMorgan H&Q has provided
investment banking and other financial advisory services to
Proxim and has received fees for rendering these services. In
the ordinary course of business, JPMorgan H&Q acts as a
market maker and broker in the publicly traded securities of
Proxim and Western Multiplex and receives customary compensation
in connection therewith, and also provides research coverage for
Proxim. In the ordinary course of business, JPMorgan H&Q
actively trades in the equity and derivative securities of
Proxim and Western Multiplex for its own account and for the
accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold
a long or short position in such securities. JPMorgan H&Q
may in the future provide investment banking or other financial
advisory services to Western Multiplex or Proxim.

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated
December 31, 2001, Proxim has agreed to pay JPMorgan
H&Q a customary fee based on a percentage of aggregate
consideration as well as a customary fee payable in connection
with the fairness opinion. In addition, pursuant to a
stockholders agreement with Western Multiplex, the affiliates of
Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. that own shares of Western Multiplex
common stock agreed to effect specified future sales of these
shares, if any, solely through the trading desk of JPMorgan
H&Q. Proxim has also agreed to reimburse JPMorgan H&Q
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify
JPMorgan H&Q against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws or relating to or
arising out of JPMorgan H&Qs engagement as financial
advisor.

Opinion of Broadview International
	LLC

Pursuant to a letter agreement dated as of
December 21, 2001, Broadview was engaged to act as a
financial advisor to Proxims board of directors. The
Proxim board selected Broadview to act as financial advisor
based on Broadviews reputation and experience in the
Information Technology, Communication and Media Sector and the
Enterprise Wireless Infrastructure Industry in particular. In
its role as financial advisor, Broadview was requested to render
an opinion to the Proxim board regarding the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to holders of Proxim common stock of
the exchange ratio to be received in the merger. At the meeting
of the Proxim board on January 15, 2002, Broadview advised
that, based upon and subject to the various factors and
assumptions, the exchange ratio, as calculated on that date, was
fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Proxim
common stock. On January 16, 2002, the date that the
agreement and plan of reorganization was executed, Broadview
delivered a written opinion that, as of January 16, 2002,
based upon and subject to the various factors and assumptions,
the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to
holders of Proxim common stock.

Broadviews January 16, 2002
opinion, which describes the assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken by
Broadview, is incorporated by reference and attached as
Annex D to this proxy statement/prospectus. Proxim
stockholders are urged to, and should, read the Broadview
opinion carefully and in its entirety. The Broadview opinion is
directed to the Proxim board and addresses only the fairness of
the exchange ratio from a financial point of view to the holders
of shares of Proxim common stock as of the date of the opinion.
The Broadview opinion does not address any other aspect of the
merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of
Proxim



common stock as to how to vote at the Proxim
special meeting. The summary of the Broadview opinion set forth
in this proxy statement, although materially complete, is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such
opinion.

In connection with rendering its opinion,
Broadview, among other things:

 

reviewed the terms of the agreement and plan of
	reorganization in the form of the draft furnished to Broadview
	by Proxims legal counsel on January 14, 2002;

 

reviewed certain publicly available financial
	statements and other information on Proxim and Western
	Multiplex, respectively;

 

reviewed certain internal financial and operating
	information relating to Proxim prepared and furnished to
	Broadview by Proxim management;

 

participated in discussions with Proxim and
	Western Multiplex management and certain other representatives
	and advisors of Proxim and Western Multiplex concerning the
	operations, business strategy, financial performance, and
	prospects for Proxim and Western Multiplex, respectively;

 

discussed the strategic rationale for the merger
	with Proxim and Western Multiplex management, respectively;

 

reviewed the recently reported closing prices and
	trading activity for Proxim and Western Multiplex common stock,
	respectively;

 

compared certain aspects of the financial
	performance of Proxim and Western Multiplex with other
	comparable public companies we deemed comparable;

 

analyzed available information, both public and
	private, concerning other comparable mergers and acquisitions;

 

reviewed recent equity research analyst reports
	covering Proxim and Western Multiplex;

 

considered the total number of shares of Western
	Multiplex common stock outstanding and the average weekly
	trading volume of Western Multiplex common stock;

 

analyzed and discussed with Proxim and Western
	Multiplex management, respectively, the anticipated effect of
	the merger on the future financial performance of the
	consolidated entity;

 

assisted in negotiations and discussions related
	to the merger among Proxim, Western Multiplex, and their
	respective financial and legal advisors; and

 

conducted other financial studies, analyses, and
	investigations as Broadview deemed appropriate for purposes of
	this opinion.

In rendering its opinion, Broadview relied,
without independent verification, on the accuracy and
completeness of all the financial and other information that was
publicly available or furnished to Broadview by Proxim, Western
Multiplex or their respective advisors. With respect to the
financial projections examined by Broadview that were contained
in equity analyst reports and characterized as reasonable by
Proxim and Western Multiplex, respectively, Broadview assumed
that they were reasonably prepared and reflected the best
available estimates as to the future performance of Proxim and
Western Multiplex, respectively. Broadview also assumed that
neither Proxim nor Western Multiplex is currently involved in
any material transaction as of the date of Broadviews
opinion other than the merger, other publicly announced
transactions, and those activities undertaken in the ordinary
course of conducting their respective businesses. Broadview did
not make or obtain an independent appraisal or valuation of any
of Proxims assets.

Broadviews January 16, 2002 opinion is
necessarily based upon market, economic, financial, and other
conditions as they existed and could be evaluated as of
January 16, 2002, and any change in such conditions would
require a reevaluation of Broadviews opinion.
Broadviews opinion did not express any opinion as to the
price at which Western Multiplex common stock will trade at any
time.



The following is a brief summary of some of the
sources of information and valuation methodologies employed by
Broadview in rendering Broadviews opinion. These analyses
were orally presented and delivered to the Proxim board at its
meeting on January 15, 2002. This summary includes the
financial analyses used by Broadview and deemed to be material,
but does not purport to be a complete description of analyses
performed by Broadview in arriving at its opinion. Broadview did
not explicitly assign any relative weights to the various
factors of analyses considered. This summary of financial
analyses includes information presented in tabular format. In
order to fully understand the financial analyses used by
Broadview, the tables must be read together with the text of
each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses.

Proxim Stock Performance Analyses.

Broadview compared the recent stock
performance of Proxim with that of the NASDAQ Composite and the
Proxim Comparable Index. The Proxim Comparable Index is
comprised of public companies that Broadview deemed comparable
to Proxim. Broadview selected companies competing in the
Enterprise Wireless Infrastructure Industry as Proxim
comparables. The Proxim Comparable Index consists of the
following companies: Intersil Corporation; Sierra Wireless,
Inc.; SpectraLink Corporation; Symbol Technologies, Inc.;
Wavecom S.A.; Western Multiplex Corporation; Psion plc; and
Alvarion Ltd.

Public Company Comparables
Analysis.
 Broadview considered ratios
of equity market capitalization, adjusted for cash and debt
(Total market capitalization) when necessary, to
selected historical and projected operating results in order to
derive multiples placed on a company in a particular market
segment. In order to perform this analysis, Broadview compared
financial information of the Proxim Comparables Index. For this
analysis, as well as other analyses, Broadview examined publicly
available information, as well as a range of estimates based on
securities research analyst reports.

The following table presents, as of
January 15, 2002, the median market capitalization as
multiples of selected operating metrics and the range of those
multiples for the Proxim Comparable Index:

Median Multiple

Range of Multiples

Total market capitalization/Revenue for the last
	12 months

2.64x

1.46x -   5.51x

Equity market capitalization/Earnings for the
	last 12 months

54.10x

18.86x - 199.15x

Total market capitalization/Projected revenue for
	the 2001 calendar year

2.76x

1.82x -   6.05x

Total market capitalization/Projected EBIT for
	the 2001 calendar year

52.10x

14.51x - 209.86x

Total market capitalization/Projected revenue for
	the 2002 calendar year

2.26x

1.45x -   5.21x

Total market capitalization/Projected EBIT for
	the 2002 calendar year

38.61x

9.89x -  61.22x

Equity market capitalization/Projected earnings
	for the 2002 calendar year

43.39x

17.50x -  60.61x



The following table presents, as of
January 15, 2002, the median implied share values and the
range of implied per share values of Proxims common stock,
calculated by using the multiples shown above and the
appropriate Proxim metric:

Implied

Range of

Median Value

Implied Values

Total market capitalization/Revenue for the last
	12 months

$

9.87

$

6.24 - $18.62

Equity market capitalization/Earnings for the
	last 12 months

$

3.34

$

1.17 - $12.31

Total market capitalization/Projected revenue for
	the 2001 calendar year

$

8.82

$

6.42 - $17.19

Total market capitalization/Projected EBIT for
	the 2001 calendar year

$

3.30

$

2.22 - $ 7.82

Total market capitalization/Projected revenue for
	the 2002 calendar year

$

7.85

$

5.70 - $15.79

Total market capitalization/Projected EBIT for
	the 2002 calendar year

$

8.13

$

3.42 - $11.83

Equity market capitalization/Projected earnings
	for the 2002 calendar year

$

7.10

$

2.86 - $ 9.92

No company utilized in the public company
comparables analysis as a comparison is identical to Proxim. In
evaluating the comparables, Broadview made numerous assumptions
with respect to the Enterprise Wireless Infrastructure
Industrys performance and general economic conditions,
many of which are beyond the control of Proxim. Mathematical
analysis, such as determining the median, average, or range, is
not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable company
data.

Transaction Comparables Analysis.

Broadview considered ratios of equity
purchase price, adjusted for the sellers cash and debt
when appropriate, to selected historical operating metrics to
indicate the value strategic and financial acquirers have been
willing to pay for companies in a particular market segment. A
handful of companies involved in recent transactions are
comparable to Proxim based on market focus, business model and
size. Broadview reviewed eight comparable merger and acquisition
(M&A) transactions from January 1, 1998,
through January 15, 2002, involving sellers in the Wireless
Systems and Peripherals Industry, excluding equity investments
and divestitures, with revenue for the last 12 months
greater than $20 million, from a financial point of view.
Transactions were selected from Broadviews proprietary
database of published and confidential M&A transactions in
the IT, Communications, and Media Industries. These transactions
consisted of the acquisition of:

 

Aironet Wireless Communications, Inc. by Cisco
	Systems, Inc.;

 

Teklogix International, Inc. by Psion plc;

 

Innova Corporation by Digital Microwave
	Corporation;

 

Microwave Power Devices, Inc. by Telefon LM AB
	Ericsson;

 

Floware Wireless Systems, Ltd. by BreezeCOM Ltd.;

 

Xircom, Inc. by Intel Corporation;

 

Telxon Corporation by Symbol Technologies, Inc.;
	and

 

Pacific Monolithics, Inc. by Hybrid Networks, Inc.

The following table presents the median Adjusted
Price (defined as equity price plus total debt minus cash and
cash equivalents) as a multiple of the sellers revenue in
the last reported twelve months prior to acquisition for the
transactions listed above and the range of those multiples:

Median Multiple

Range of Multiples

Adjusted Price/Revenue for the last 12 months

1.86x

0.50x - 13.92x



The following table presents, as of
January 15, 2002, the median implied per share value and
the range of implied per share values of Proxim, calculated by
multiplying the multiples shown above by the appropriate Proxim
operating metric for the twelve months ending September 30,
2001 (in thousands):

Implied

Range of

Median Value

Implied Values

Adjusted Price/Revenue for the last 12 months

$

7.47

$

3.34 - $44.27

No transaction utilized as a comparable in the
transaction comparables analysis is identical to the Merger. In
evaluating the comparables, Broadview made numerous assumptions
with respect to the Enterprise Wireless Infrastructure
Industrys performance and general economic conditions,
many of which are beyond the control of Proxim and Western
Multiplex. Mathematical analysis, such as determining the
average, median, or range, is not in itself a meaningful method
of using comparable transaction data.

Transaction Premiums Paid
Analysis.
 Broadview considered
premiums paid above the sellers stock price to determine
the additional value strategic and financial acquirers are
willing to pay, when compared to public shareholders, for
companies in a particular market segment. In this analysis, the
value of consideration paid in transactions involving stock is
computed using the buyers last reported closing price (on
the appropriate exchange) prior to announcement. The
sellers equity market capitalization one trading day prior
to announcement is calculated using the sellers last
reported closing price (on the appropriate exchange) prior to
announcement. The sellers equity market capitalization
twenty trading days prior to announcement is calculated using
the sellers closing price (on the appropriate exchange) on
the first day of that period which: (1) consists of
twenty consecutive days during which the appropriate exchange
conducts trading activity, and (2) ends on the day of the
last reported closing price prior to announcement.

Broadview reviewed two sets of comparable M&A
transactions. The first set includes thirty comparable
technology hardware M&A transactions, excluding equity
investments and divestitures, with equity consideration between
$50 million and $500 million from June 30, 2000,
to January 15, 2002. In light of the composition of the
Board of Directors of the combined company following the Merger,
as well as the allocation of shares in the Merger among former
shareholders of Proxim and Western Multiplex, Broadview also
employed a Merger of Equals premiums paid analysis. In that
regard, the second set includes twenty-one comparable technology
Merger of Equals M&A transactions, excluding
equity investments and divestitures, with equity consideration
between $50 million and $2 billion from
January 1, 1996, to January 15, 2002. Transactions
were selected from Broadviews proprietary database of
published and confidential M&A transactions in the IT,
Communications, and Media Industries.

The technology hardware transactions used are the
acquisition of:

 

Microtouch Systems, Inc. by Minnesota Mining
	& Manufacturing Company;

 

Microtest, Inc. by Danaher Corporation (Fluke
	Networks, Inc.);

 

Labtec, Inc. by Logitech International S.A.;

 

Centennial Technologies, Inc. by Solectron
	Corporation;

 

Nogatech, Inc. by Zoran Corporation;

 

Equinox Systems Inc. by Avocent Corporation;

 

IVI Checkmate Corp. (Remaining 80.1%) by Ingenico
	S.A.;

 

Fargo Electronics, Inc. by Zebra Technologies
	Corporation;

 

Ramp Networks, Inc. by Nokia Oyj;

 

Integrated Measurement Systems, Inc. by Credence
	Systems Corporation;

 

Printrak International Inc. by Motorola, Inc.;

 

Netsilicon, Inc. by Digi International Inc.;

 

Casino Data Systems by Aristocrat Leisure Limited;

 

Polyvision Corporation by Steelcase Inc.;

 

Hello Direct, Inc. by GN Great Nordic Ltd.;

 

Splash Technology Holdings, Inc. by Electronics
	for Imaging, Inc.;

 

Gasonics International Corporation by Novellus
	Systems, Inc.;

 

Telxon Corporation by Symbol Technologies, Inc.;



 

BTG, Inc. by The Titan Corporation;

 

Applied Science and Technology, Inc. by MKS
	Instruments, Inc.;

 

Cerprobe Corporation by Kulicke & Soffa
	Industries, Inc.;

 

Robinson Nugent, Inc. by Minnesota Mining &
	Manufacturing Company;

 

Corsair Communications, Inc. by Lightbridge, Inc.;

 

Microwave Power Devices, Inc. by Telefon LM AB
	Ericsson;

 

Barringer Technologies Inc. by Smiths Group Plc
	(fka Smiths Industries Plc);

 

Genrad, Inc. by Teradyne, Inc.;

 

TelCom Semiconductor, Inc. by Microchip
	Technology Incorporated;

 

Blue Wave Systems Inc. by Motorola, Inc.;

 

Sage, Inc. by Genesis Microchip Incorporated; and

 

Floware Wireless Systems, Ltd. by BreezeCOM Ltd.

The following table presents the median premium
and the range of premiums for the above applicable technology
hardware premiums:

Median

Range of

Premium

Premiums

Technology Hardware Premium Paid to Sellers
	Equity Market Capitalization 1 Trading Day Prior to Announcement

35.5

%

(3.7)% -  93.9%

Technology Hardware Premium Paid to Sellers
	Equity Market Capitalization 20 Trading Days Prior to
	Announcement

50.2

%

(31.8)% - 200.0%

The following table presents the median implied
value and the range of implied values of Proxims stock,
calculated by using the technology hardware premiums shown above
and Proxims share price 1 day and 20 trading
days prior to January 15, 2002:

Median

Range of

Implied Value

Implied Values

Technology Hardware Premium Paid to Sellers
	Equity Market Capitalization 1 Trading Day Prior to Announcement

$

13.00

$

9.24 - $18.61

Technology Hardware Premium Paid to Sellers
	Equity Market Capitalization 20 Trading Days Prior to
	Announcement

$

13.46

$

6.11 - $26.88

The technology Merger of Equals
transactions used are the acquisition of:

 

C-bridge Internet Solutions, Inc. by eXcelon
	Corporation;

 

INTERSOLV, Inc. by Micro Focus Group Plc;

 

Scient Corporation by iXL Enterprises, Inc.;

 

Egghead.com, Inc. by Onsale, Inc.;

 

SPR Inc. by Leapnet, Inc.;

 

Raptor Systems, Inc. by AXENT Technologies, Inc.;

 

International Integration Incorporated by
	Razorfish, Inc.;

 

Mission Critical Software, Inc. by NetIQ
	Corporation;

 

Boston Technology, Inc. by Comverse Technology,
	Inc.;

 

Virata Corporation by GlobeSpan, Inc.;

 

Colonial Data Technologies Corp. by US Order,
	Inc.;

 

Atria Software, Inc. by Pure Software Inc.;

 

OpenROUTE Networks, Inc. by Netrix Corp.;

 

onlinetradinginc.com corp. by Omega Research,
	Inc.;

 

Interactive Pictures Corporation by bamboo.com,
	Inc.;

 

Fractal Design Corporation by MetaTools, Inc.;

 

Individual, Inc. by Desktop Data, Inc.;

 

N2K Inc. by CDnow, Inc.;

 

Pure Atria Corporation by Rational Software
	Corporation;

 

Floware Wireless Systems, Ltd. by BreezeCOM Ltd.;
	and

 

Broadbase Software, Inc. by Kana Communications,
	Inc.



The following table presents the median premium
and the range of premiums for the applicable technology
Merger of Equals premiums:

Median

Range of

Premium

Premiums

Technology Merger of Equals Premium
	Paid to Sellers Equity Market Capitalization 1 Trading Day
	Prior to Announcement

16.9

%

(9.6)% - 126.7%

Technology Merger of Equals Premium
	Paid to Sellers Equity Market Capitalization 20 Trading
	Days Prior to Announcement

9.0

%

(55.1)% - 102.2%

The following table presents the median implied
value and the range of implied values of Proxims stock,
calculated by using the technology Merger of Equals
premiums shown above and Proxims share price 1 day
and 20 trading days prior to January 15, 2002:

Median

Range of

Implied Value

Implied Values

Technology Merger of Equals Premium
	Paid to Sellers Equity Market Capitalization 1
	Trading Day Prior to Announcement

$

11.22

$

8.68 - $21.77

Technology Merger of Equals Premium
	Paid to Sellers Equity Market Capitalization 20
	Trading Days Prior to Announcement

$

9.76

$

4.02 - $18.12

No transaction utilized as a comparable in the
transaction premiums paid analyses is identical to the Merger.
In evaluating the comparables, Broadview made numerous
assumptions with respect to the Enterprise Wireless
Infrastructure Industrys performance and general economic
conditions, many of which are beyond the control of Proxim or
Western Multiplex. Mathematical analysis, such as determining
the average, median, or range is not in itself a meaningful
method of using comparable transaction data.

Present Value of Projected Share Price
Analysis.
 Broadview calculated the
present value of the potential future price of shares of Proxim
common stock on a standalone basis using analyst earnings
estimates derived from the equity research report prepared by
UBS Warburg LLC dated October 24, 2001, covering Proxim,
for the twelve months ending December 31, 2002, discounted
to January 15, 2002. The implied share price calculated using
the median market capitalization to earnings for the last
12 months for the public company comparables and discounted
based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM)
using the median capital-structure adjusted beta for the public
company comparables is $7.12. The implied share price calculated
using the median market capitalization to earnings for the last
12 months for the public company comparables and discounted
based on CAPM using Proxims 75 week historical beta
is $7.21.

Relative Contribution
Analysis.
 Broadview examined the
relative contribution of Proxim to Western Multiplex for a
number of historical and projected operating metrics. In this
analysis, projected figures for Proxim are derived from the
equity research reports covering Proxim and Western Multiplex.

The following reflects the relative contribution
of Western Multiplex and Proxim, respectively.

Western Multiplex

Proxim

Revenue for the last 12 months

53.8

%

46.2

%

Gross Profit for the last 12 months

55.2

%

44.8

%

Revenue for the 2001 calendar year

54.8

%

45.2

%

Gross Profit for the 2001 calendar year

57.5

%

42.5

%

Revenue for the 2002 calendar year

56.4

%

43.6

%

Gross Profit for the 2002 calendar year

62.0

%

38.0

%

EBIT for the 2002 calendar year

48.9

%

51.1

%

Net Income for the 2002 calendar year

49.9

%

50.1

%

Exchange Ratio
Analysis.
 Broadview considered the
relative value public equity markets have placed on Western
Multiplex and Proxim Common Stock from January 16, 2001
through January 15, 2002. For



comparative purposes, the implied historical
exchange ratio was examined in contrast with the exchange ratio
defined in the Agreement. Based on this analysis, the one-year
historical exchange ratio has ranged from 1.1250 to 4.7280 with
an average of 2.3393.

Western Multiplex Stock Performance
Analysis.

Broadview compared the recent stock
performance of Western Multiplex with that of the NASDAQ
Composite and the Western Multiplex Comparable Index. The
Western Multiplex Comparable Index is comprised of public
companies that Broadview deemed comparable to Western Multiplex.
Broadview selected companies competing in the Fixed Wireless
Infrastructure Industry as Western Multiplex comparables. The
Western Multiplex Comparable Index consists of the following
companies: SR Telecom Incorporated; DMC Stratex Networks Inc.;
Wi-LAN Incorporated; Ceragon Networks, Ltd.; Harris Corporation;
Nera ASA; Hybrid Networks, Inc.; Airspan Networks, Inc.; P-COM,
Inc.; Alvarion Ltd.; and Netro Corporation.

Evaluation of Western Multiplex
Equity.
 Broadview compared financial
information of Western Multiplex with publicly available
information for companies comprising the Western Multiplex
Comparable Index. For this analysis, as well as other analyses,
Broadview examined publicly available information, as well as a
range of estimates based on securities research analyst reports.

Pro Forma Combination
Analysis.
 Broadview calculated the EPS
accretion or dilution of the 
pro forma 
combined entity
taking into consideration various financial effects that will
result from a consummation of the Merger. In this analysis,
projected figures for Proxim are derived from the equity
research report prepared by UBS Warburg LLC dated
October 24, 2001, covering Proxim and projected figures for
Western Multiplex are derived from the equity research report
prepared by Lehman Brothers Inc. dated October 22, 2001,
covering Western Multiplex. Broadview examined a purchase
scenario under the assumption that no opportunities for cost
savings or revenue enhancements exist. Based on this scenario,
the 
pro forma 
purchase model indicates marginal EPS
dilution, excluding acquisition, non-cash, and extraordinary
one-time charges, for fiscal year ending December 31, 2002.

Consideration of the Discounted Cash Flow
Valuation Methodology.
 Although
discounted cash flow is a commonly used valuation methodology,
Broadview did not employ such an analysis for the purposes of
this opinion. Discounted cash flow analysis is most appropriate
for companies that exhibit relatively steady or somewhat
predictable streams of future cash flow. For a company, such as
Proxim, in a highly cyclical, rapidly evolving industry, a
preponderance of the value in a valuation based on discounted
cash flow is in the terminal value of the entity. The terminal
value is extremely sensitive to assumptions about the
sustainable long-term growth rate of the company. Given the
uncertainty in estimating both the future cash flows and a
sustainable long-term growth rate for the Company, as well as
the cyclical nature of Proxims chosen market, Broadview
considered a discounted cash flow analysis inappropriate for
valuing Proxim.

In connection with the review of the Merger by
the Proxim board, Broadview performed a variety of financial and
comparative analyses. The summary set forth above does not
purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed
by Broadview in connection with the Merger.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion,
Broadview considered the results of all of its analyses as a
whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor considered by it. Furthermore, Broadview
believes that selecting any portion of its analyses, without
considering all analyses, would create an incomplete view of the
process underlying its opinion.

In performing its analyses, Broadview made
numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance and
general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond the control of Proxim or Western Multiplex.
The analyses performed by Broadview are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or actual future results, which may
be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such
analyses. The Exchange Ratio pursuant to the Agreement and other
terms of the Agreement were determined through arms length
negotiations between Proxim and Western Multiplex, and were
approved by the Proxim board. Broadview provided advice to the
Proxim board during such



negotiations; however, Broadview did not
recommend any specific consideration to the Proxim board or that
any specific consideration constituted the only appropriate
consideration for the Merger. In addition, Broadviews
opinion and presentation to the Proxim board was one of many
factors taken into consideration by the Proxim board in making
its decision to approve the Merger. Consequently, the Broadview
analyses as described above should not be viewed as
determinative of the opinion of the Proxim board with respect to
the value of Proxim or of whether the Proxim board would have
been willing to agree to a different consideration.

Fee Arrangements.

Upon consummation of the Merger,
Proxim will be obligated to pay Broadview a customary
transaction fee based on a percentage of aggregate consideration
as well as a customary fee payable in connection with the
delivery of its fairness opinion. In addition, Proxim has agreed
to reimburse Broadview for its reasonable expenses, including
fees and expenses of its counsel, and to indemnify Broadview and
its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses related
to their engagement, including liabilities under the federal
securities laws. The terms of the fee arrangement with
Broadview, which Proxim and Broadview believe are customary in
transactions of this nature, were negotiated at arms
length between Proxim and Broadview, and the Proxim Board was
aware of the nature of the fee arrangement, including the fact
that a significant portion of the fees payable to Broadview is
contingent upon completion of the Merger.

Effective Time of the Merger

The merger will become effective when a
certificate of merger is filed with the Delaware Secretary of
State or at a later time as may be specified in the certificate
of merger. The effective time of the merger will occur as soon
as practicable after the last of the conditions in the merger
agreement has been satisfied or waived. We expect the merger to
occur at the end of the first calendar quarter or early in the
second calendar quarter of 2002. However, because the merger is
subject to governmental approvals and other customary
conditions, we cannot predict the exact timing.

Merger Consideration

In the merger, Proxim stockholders will be
entitled to receive 1.8896 shares of Western Multiplex common
stock for each share of Proxim common stock they hold. The
number of shares of Western Multiplex common stock that Proxim
stockholders will be entitled to receive in the merger will be
appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, combinations and
other similar events that occur between the date of the merger
agreement and the completion of the merger. Western Multiplex
will not issue fractional shares of common stock in the merger.
Instead, each Proxim stockholder otherwise entitled to a
fractional share will receive cash, without interest, in lieu of
a fraction of a share of Western Multiplex common stock.
Specifically, the exchange agent in the merger will, as promptly
as practicable after the determination of the amount of cash, if
any, to be paid to holders of fractional interests, notify
Western Multiplex of such amount, and Western Multiplex will
deposit such amount with the exchange agent and will cause the
exchange agent to forward payments to the owners of fractional
interests.

Treatment of Proxim Stock Options and
Warrants

At the effective time of the merger, each
outstanding Proxim stock option will cease to represent a right
to acquire shares of Proxim common stock and will be converted
into an option to purchase a number of shares of Western
Multiplex common stock equal to the number of shares of Proxim
common stock subject to such option multiplied by 1.8896
(rounded down to the next whole share of Western Multiplex
common stock), at a per share exercise price equal to the per
share exercise price of such option divided by 1.8896 (rounded
up to the next whole cent).

Twelve months of unvested shares subject to
options granted under Proxims 1995 Long-Term Incentive
Plan and 1999 Non-Statutory Stock Option Plan will vest and
become fully exercisable as a result of the merger.
Proxims executive officers collectively hold unvested
options to purchase 336,042 shares of common stock that
will accelerate pursuant to those plans as a result of the
merger.



The Proxim employee stock purchase plan shall be
terminated at the effective time of the merger. All accumulated
employee contributions to that plan shall be used to purchase
shares of Proxim common stock, which shall be converted into
shares of Western Multiplex common stock at the exchange ratio
of 1.8896 shares of Western Multiplex common stock for each
share of Proxim common stock.

At the effective time of the merger, each
outstanding warrant to purchase Proxim common stock will cease
to represent a right to acquire Proxim common stock and will be
converted into a warrant to purchase a number of shares of
Western Multiplex common stock equal to the number of shares of
Proxim common stock subject to such warrant multiplied by 1.8896
(rounded down to the next whole share of Western Multiplex
common stock), at a per share exercise price equal to the per
share exercise price of such warrant divided by 1.8896 (rounded
up to next whole cent).

Material United States Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger

The following discussion sets forth the material
United States federal income tax consequences of the merger to
U.S. holders (as defined below) of Proxim common stock. This
discussion does not address any tax consequences arising under
the laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction. This
discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code), the regulations of the U.S.
Treasury Department and court and administrative rulings and
decisions in effect on the date of this document. These laws may
change, possibly retroactively, and any change could affect the
continuing validity of this discussion.

For purposes of this discussion, the term
U.S. holder means:

 

a citizen or resident of the United States;

 

a corporation, partnership or other entity
	created or organized under the laws of the United States or any
	of its political subdivisions;

 

a trust that (i) is subject to the
	supervision of a court within the United States and the control
	of one or more United States persons or (ii) has a valid
	election in effect under applicable United States Treasury
	regulations to be treated as a United States person; or

 

an estate that is subject to United States
	federal income tax on its income regardless of its source.

This discussion assumes that you hold your shares
of Proxim common stock as a capital asset within the meaning of
section 1221 of the Code. Further, this discussion does not
address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that
may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances
or that may be applicable to you if you are subject to special
treatment under the United States federal income tax laws,
including if you are:

 

a financial institution;

 

a tax-exempt organization;

 

an S corporation or other pass-through entity;

 

an insurance company;

 

a mutual fund;

 

a dealer in securities or foreign currencies;

 

a trader in securities who elects the
	mark-to-market method of accounting for your securities;

 

a Proxim stockholder subject to the alternative
	minimum tax provisions of the Code;

 

a Proxim stockholder who received your Proxim
	common stock through the exercise of employee stock options or
	otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement
	plan;

 

a person that has a functional currency other
	than the U.S. dollar;



 

a holder of options granted under any Proxim
	benefit plan; or

 

a Proxim stockholder who holds Proxim common
	stock as part of a hedge against currency risk, straddle or a
	constructive sale or conversion transaction.

Based on representations contained in
representation letters provided by Western Multiplex and Proxim
and on certain customary factual assumptions, all of which must
continue to be true and accurate in all material respects as of
the effective time of the merger, it is the opinion of Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to Western Multiplex, and Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, counsel to Proxim, that the
material United States federal income tax consequences of the
merger are as follows:

 

the merger will be treated as a reorganization
	within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;

 

you will not recognize gain or loss when you
	exchange your Proxim common stock solely for Western Multiplex
	common stock, except to the extent of any cash received in lieu
	of a fractional share of Western Multiplex;

 

your tax basis in the Western Multiplex common
	stock that you receive in the merger (including any fractional
	share interest you are deemed to receive and exchange for cash)
	will equal your tax basis in the Proxim common stock you
	surrendered; and

 

your holding period for the Western Multiplex
	common stock that you receive in the merger will include your
	holding period for the shares of Proxim common stock that you
	surrender in the exchange.

If you acquired different blocks of Proxim common
stock at different times and at different prices, your basis and
holding period in your Western Multiplex common stock may be
determined with reference to each block of Proxim common stock.

You will generally recognize capital gain or loss
on any cash received in lieu of a fractional share of Western
Multiplex common stock equal to the difference between the
amount of cash received and the basis allocated to such
fractional share which will constitute long-term capital gain or
loss if your holding period in Proxim common stock is greater
than 12 months as of the date of the merger.

It is a condition to the closing of the merger
that each of Western Multiplex and Proxim receive an opinion
from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich
& Rosati, respectively, that the merger will qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code. These opinions will be based on updated representation
letters provided by Western Multiplex and Proxim to be delivered
at the time of closing, and on customary factual assumptions and
will assume that the merger will be completed according to the
terms of the merger agreement. Although the merger agreement
allows us to waive this condition to closing, we currently do
not anticipate doing so. If either of us does waive this
condition, we will inform you of this decision and ask you to
vote on the merger taking this into consideration.

Western Multiplex and Proxim have not and will
not seek any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding
any matters relating to the merger, and as a result, there can
be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not
disagree with or challenge any of the conclusions described
herein.

Backup Withholding.

If you are a non-corporate holder of
Proxim common stock you may be subject to information reporting
and backup withholding on any cash payments received in lieu of
a fractional share interest in Western Multiplex common stock.
You will not be subject to backup withholding, however, if you:

 

furnish a correct taxpayer identification number
	and certify that you are not subject to backup withholding on
	the substitute Form W-9 or successor form included in the
	letter of transmittal to be delivered to you following the
	completion of the merger; or



 

are otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding
rules will be allowed as a refund or credit against your United
States federal income tax liability, provided you furnish the
required information to the Internal Revenue Service.

Reporting Requirements.

If you receive Western Multiplex
common stock as a result of the merger, you will be required to
retain records pertaining to the merger and you will be required
to file with your United States federal income tax return for
the year in which the merger takes place a statement setting
forth certain facts relating to the merger.

This discussion does not address tax
consequences that may vary with, or are contingent on,
individual circumstances. Moreover, it does not address any
non-income tax or any foreign, state or local tax consequences
of the merger. Tax matters are very complicated, and the tax
consequences of the merger to you will depend upon the facts of
your particular situation. Accordingly, we strongly urge you to
consult with a tax advisor to determine the particular federal,
state, local or foreign income or other tax consequences to you
of the merger.

Exchange of Stock Certificates

When the merger is completed, the combined
companys exchange agent will mail to Proxim stockholders
and Western Multiplex stockholders a letter of transmittal and
instructions for use in surrendering Proxim common stock
certificates and Western Multiplex common stock certificates in
exchange for stock certificates of the combined company, Proxim
Corporation. When Proxim stockholders and Western Multiplex
stockholders deliver their Proxim common stock certificates and
Western Multiplex common stock certificates to the exchange
agent along with an executed letter of transmittal and any other
required documents, the surrendered Proxim common stock
certificates and Western Multiplex common stock certificates
will be canceled and holders of Proxim stock common certificates
and Western Multiplex common stock certificates will receive the
number of shares of common stock of Proxim Corporation and, in
the case of Proxim stockholders, any cash payment in lieu of
fractional shares that they are entitled to receive under the
merger agreement. These stock certificates will bear the name of
the combined company following the merger, Proxim Corporation.

Holders of Proxim common stock certificates and
Western Multiplex stock certificates should not submit their
stock certificates for exchange until they receive the
transmittal instructions and a letter of transmittal from the
exchange agent.

No Dividends

Until they have exchanged their certificates for
stock certificates of the combined company, Proxim stockholders
are not entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions
on the combined companys common stock.

Subject to applicable laws, promptly following
the surrender of Proxim common stock certificates, Proxim
stockholders will be paid the amount of any dividends or other
distributions declared on shares of the combined companys
common stock held of record after the effective date of the
merger, without interest.

The combined company will only issue stock
certificates or checks in lieu of fractional shares to the
person in whose name the surrendered stock certificate is
registered. If Proxim or Western Multiplex stockholders wish to
have their certificates issued in the name of a transferee that
has not been recorded in the transfer records of Proxim or
Western Multiplex, they must present the exchange agent with all
documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of
ownership and show that any applicable stock transfer taxes have
been paid.



Regulatory Matters; HSR Act and
Antitrust

The merger is subject to the requirements of the
Hart-Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, and the rules promulgated under that Act by the Federal
Trade Commission, which prevent some transactions from being
completed until required information and materials are furnished
to the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice
and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the waiting
periods end or expire. The Antitrust Division of the Department
of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission and others may
challenge the merger on antitrust grounds either before or after
expiration of the applicable waiting periods. Accordingly, at
any time before or after the completion of the merger, the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, the Federal
Trade Commission or others could take action under the antitrust
laws as they deem necessary or desirable in the public interest,
including, without limitation, seeking to enjoin the completion
of the merger or permitting completion subject to regulatory
concessions or conditions. We cannot assure you that a challenge
to the merger will not be made or that, if a challenge is made,
it will not prevail.

Accounting Treatment

The acquisition will be accounted for as a
purchase transaction for accounting and financial
reporting purposes, in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. After the merger, the
results of operations of Proxim will be included in the
consolidated financial statements of Western Multiplex. The
purchase price will be allocated based on the fair values of the
assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. Pursuant to
Statements of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141,
Business Combinations and No. 142,
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, goodwill will
no longer be subject to amortization over its estimated useful
life. Rather, goodwill will be subject to at least annual
assessment for impairment based on a fair value test. Identified
intangible assets with finite lives will be amortized over those
lives. A final determination of the intangible asset values and
required purchase accounting adjustments, including the
allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, has
not yet been made. Western Multiplex will determine the fair
value of assets and liabilities and will make appropriate
business combination accounting adjustments. However, for
purposes of disclosing unaudited pro forma information in this
joint proxy statement/ prospectus, Western Multiplex has made a
preliminary determination of the purchase price allocation,
based upon current estimates and assumptions, which is subject
to revision upon consummation of the merger.

Restrictions on Sales of Shares by Affiliates
of Proxim

The shares of Western Multiplex common stock to
be issued in connection with the merger will be registered under
the Securities Act. These shares will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of Western Multiplex
common stock issued to any person who is an affiliate of Proxim.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include individuals
or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with Proxim, and may include some of their respective
officers and directors, as well as their respective principal
stockholders. Affiliates may not sell their shares of Western
Multiplex common stock acquired in connection with the merger
except pursuant to (1) an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares,
(2) an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145
under the Securities Act or (3) any other applicable
exemption under the Securities Act.

As an inducement to Western Multiplex to enter
into the merger agreement, David C. King, Keith E.
Glover, Raymond Chin, Leslie G. Denend and Jeffrey D.
Saper executed affiliate agreements on January 16, 2002.
Pursuant to these affiliate agreements, Western Multiplex will
be entitled to place appropriate legends on the certificates
evidencing any Western Multiplex common stock to be received by
these persons, or entities, and to issue stop transfer
instructions to the transfer agent for the Western Multiplex
common stock received by the affiliates. Further, these
individuals have also acknowledged the resale restrictions
imposed by Rule 145 under the Securities Act on shares of
Western Multiplex common stock to be received by them in the
merger.



Interests of Directors and Executive Officers
in the Merger

When considering the recommendation of the boards
of directors of both companies, you should be aware that certain
of the directors and officers have interests in the merger that
are different from, or are in addition to, yours.

Employment Arrangements

Jonathan N. Zakin.

Jonathan N. Zakin, Western
Multiplexs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will
retain his position with the combined company. As a result of
the merger, 900,000 unvested options held by Mr. Zakin to
acquire shares of Western Multiplexs common stock will
vest and become fully exercisable.

David C. King. 
David
C. King, Proxims Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has
entered into an employment agreement with Western Multiplex that
provides the terms and conditions of his employment as President
and Chief Operating Officer of the combined company. At the
effective time of the merger, Mr. Kings employment
agreement will take effect and provide:

 

an annual base salary of $400,000, subject to
	increase by the combined companys board of directors;

 

an annual incentive cash bonus of up to 75% of
	his base salary, subject to increase if targets are
	significantly exceeded;

 

an option to purchase 1% of the combined
	companys fully-diluted outstanding shares at the fair
	market value of Western Multiplex common stock on the date of
	grant within 30 days following the effective date of the
	merger, vesting over three years;

 

that the combined company will assume
	Proxims guarantee of Mr. Kings obligations
	concerning his margin accounts; and

 

various termination benefits depending on the
	circumstances under which Mr. Kings employment ends,
	whether terminated by him or the combined company or upon
	Mr. Kings death or disability (reduced by any
	payments made under his current severance agreement described
	below).

For a more complete description of
Mr. Kings employment agreement, you should read the
section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled
Agreements Related to the Merger  Employment
Agreement.

Amir Zoufonoun. 
Amir
Zoufonoun, Western Multiplexs President and Chief
Operating Officer, will enter into an amended and restated
employment agreement which will take effect at the effective
time of the merger and provide the terms and conditions of his
employment as Executive Vice President, Technology of the
combined company. The terms of the amended and restated
employment agreement will be similar to those under
Mr. Zoufonouns existing employment agreement, except
that under the amended and restated employment agreement
Mr. Zoufonoun will also be entitled to:

 

forgiveness of 50% of the outstanding principal
	amount and accrued and unpaid interest of the promissory note
	issued by Mr. Zoufonoun to Western Multiplex in the
	original amount of $465,000 if Mr. Zoufonoun remains with
	the combined company for six months following the merger, and
	forgiveness of 100% of the outstanding principal amount of the
	note and unpaid interest if Mr. Zoufonoun remains with the
	combined company for twelve months or more following the merger;
	and

 

full acceleration of 290,046 unvested options to
	purchase shares of Western Multiplex common stock held by
	Mr. Zoufonoun.

Under his existing employment agreement,
Mr. Zoufonoun is entitled to acceleration of only a portion
of the options held by him in the event of his termination by
Western Multiplex without cause or his resignation for good
reason.



Severance Arrangements

The employment of four of Western
Multiplexs executive officers will be terminated in
connection with the merger. Those officers are Nancy Huber,
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary,
Fred Corsentino, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales, Gary
Boss, Vice President of Operations and Christina Rulo, Vice
President, Human Resources. As severance, each will receive:

 

a lump-sum payment equal to the sum of his or her
	annual salary and target bonus;

 

the acceleration of all of his or her unvested
	options to acquire shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock;

 

the right to exercise those options for one year
	following termination; and

 

the continuation of health care and other
	employment benefits for one year following termination.

At the request of Mr. Zakin, Ms. Huber
and Mr. Corsentino have also agreed to provide consulting
services to aid in the integration of Western Multiplex and
Proxim for up to six months following the merger without
additional compensation.

David C. King, Keith E. Glover, Kurt F.
Bauer, Proxims Vice President, Marketing and Sales,
Kevin J. Negus, Proxims Vice President, Business
Development, Bradley A. Kolb, Proxims Vice President,
Operations, Russell R. Reynolds, Proxims Vice
President, Engineering, and David Koberstein, Proxims Vice
President, Customer Satisfaction, are each parties to change of
control and severance agreements with Proxim. Pursuant to those
agreements, in the event any of them is terminated without cause
or constructively discharged within twenty-four (24) months
following the merger, he is entitled to receive:

 

cash payments equal to 100% of his annual
	compensation (as defined in the agreement) paid over the
	12 months following termination (200% with respect to
	Mr. King, paid over the 24 months following
	termination);

 

Proxim-provided health, dental, vision and life
	insurance at the same level of coverage as was provided to him
	immediately prior to termination for a period of 12 months
	(24 months for Mr. King) following termination;

 

acceleration of all unvested options to purchase
	shares of Proxims common stock and the lapse of any
	repurchase right Proxim may have with respect to stock held by
	him; and

 

6 months of outplacement assistance, not to
	exceed a cost of $10,000.

Directorships

Three members of the boards of directors of each
of Western Multiplex and Proxim will be appointed to the board
of directors of the combined company. That board will include
Jonathan N. Zakin and David C. King.

Acceleration of Proxim
	Options

Twelve months of unvested shares subject to
options granted under Proxims 1995 Long-Term Incentive
Plan and 1999 Non-Statutory Stock Option Plan will vest and
become fully exercisable as a result of the merger.
Proxims executive officers collectively hold unvested
options to purchase 336,042 shares of common stock that
will accelerate pursuant to those plans as a result of the
merger.

Indemnification of Certain
	Persons

Western Multiplex has agreed to indemnify
Proxims present and former officers and directors pursuant
to terms no less favorable than (1) those contained in
Proxims certificate of incorporation and by-laws and
(2) the pre-existing indemnification agreements Proxim has
entered into with such directors and officers.



Western Multiplex has also agreed that, for
6 years after completion of the merger, it will maintain
directors and officers liability insurance, or
provide insurance containing terms and conditions not materially
less advantageous, covering events occurring during periods
prior to the merger, except that if the premium for such
insurance would exceed 200% of Proxims premium as of the
time of the merger agreement, Western Multiplex shall only be
required to maintain the maximum amount of coverage that is
available for 200% of such premium.

In addition, Western Multiplex has generally
agreed to indemnify affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C.
against any losses or expenses incurred by them that arise from
the merger agreement or the voting agreements or the
consummation or proposed consummation of the merger and the
transactions related to the merger, but excluding any losses and
expenses arising from any breach by these affiliates of the
voting agreements to which they are a party.

Stockholders Agreement

Western Multiplex and WMC Holding L.L.C.,
Ripplewood Partners, L.P. and Ripplewood Employee Co-Investment
Fund I, L.L.C., each of which is an affiliate of Ripplewood
Holdings L.L.C., have entered into a stockholders agreement that
will become effective upon the completion of the merger. Two of
the directors of Western Multiplex are officers of Ripplewood
Holdings L.L.C.

For information about the terms of the
stockholders agreement among Western Multiplex and these
affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings, you should read the section
of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled Agreements
Related to the Merger  Stockholders Agreement.

No Appraisal Rights

Appraisal rights under Delaware law are not
available to stockholders of a Delaware corporation if:

 

their stock is listed on a national securities
	exchange or designated as a national market system security on
	an interdealer quotation system by the National Association of
	Securities Dealers, and

 

such stockholders receive in exchange for their
	stock solely (a) stock in the surviving corporation or
	shares of stock of another corporation that are listed on a
	national securities exchange or designated as a National Market
	System security on an interdealer quotation system by the
	National Association of Securities Dealers and (b) cash in
	lieu of fractional shares.

Proxims stockholders will not have
appraisal rights under Delaware law with respect to the merger
because:

 

Proxim common stock is traded on the Nasdaq
	National Market; and

 

Proxim stockholders will receive in the merger
	shares of common stock of Western Multiplex, which is traded on
	the Nasdaq National Market, and cash in lieu of fractional
	shares.

Western Multiplexs stockholders will not
have appraisal rights under Delaware law with respect to the
merger because their shares are traded on the Nasdaq National
Market and will be unaffected by the merger.

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the
Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger

Western Multiplex has agreed to cause the shares
of common stock to be issued in the merger to be approved for
listing as a National Market System security on the Nasdaq
National Market, subject to official notice of issuance prior to
the effective time of the merger, as defined in the merger
agreement.



Delisting and Deregistration of Proxim Common
Stock After the Merger

If the merger is completed, Proxim common stock
will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and will no
longer be registered under the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934. Proxims ticker symbol (PROX) will be
transferred to refer to the common stock of the combined
company. Following the completion of the merger, Western
Multiplex will change its name to Proxim Corporation
and its ticker symbol to PROX.



THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following description summarizes the material
provisions of the merger agreement. You are urged to read
carefully the merger agreement in its entirety, a copy of which
is attached as Annex A and incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus.

General

The merger agreement provides that Walnut-Pine
Merger Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Western Multiplex,
will merge with and into Proxim. Proxim will survive the merger
as a wholly owned subsidiary of Western Multiplex.

The closing of the merger will occur no later
than the second business day after the last of the conditions to
the merger have been satisfied or waived, or at another time as
Western Multiplex and Proxim agree. As soon as practicable after
the satisfaction or waiver of those conditions, Western
Multiplex and Proxim will deliver a certificate of merger to the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware for filing. The
merger will become effective upon the filing of this certificate
or at another time as Western Multiplex and Proxim agree.
Although no assurances can be given, we currently expect that
the closing of the merger will take place at the end of the
first calendar quarter or early in the second calendar quarter
of 2002. However, because the merger is subject to governmental
and stockholder approvals and other customary conditions, we
cannot predict exactly when the closing will occur.

Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger

Each partys obligation to effect the merger
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of various conditions,
which include the following:

 

holders of shares of Western Multiplex common
	stock representing a majority of the votes present and entitled
	to vote at the Western Multiplex special meeting at which a
	quorum is present having approved the issuance of Western
	Multiplex common stock pursuant to the merger;

 

holders of shares of Proxim common stock
	representing a majority of the shares of common stock
	outstanding as of the Proxim record date having voted to adopt
	the merger agreement;

 

the registration statement on Form S-4, of
	which this prospectus/proxy statement is a part, having been
	declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933
	and not having been the subject of any stop order and no
	proceedings seeking a stop order having been initiated or
	threatened;

 

the waiting period applicable to the merger under
	the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act having expired or having been
	terminated and any applicable material foreign antitrust
	requirements having been satisfied;

 

no pending or threatened suit or action asserted
	by a governmental entity challenging or seeking to restrain or
	prohibit the consummation of the merger; and

 

the shares of Western Multiplex common stock to
	be issued in the merger and the other shares of Western
	Multiplex common stock to be reserved for issuance in connection
	with the merger having been approved for listing on Nasdaq,
	subject to official notice of issuance.

In addition, each partys obligation to
effect the merger is further subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following additional conditions:

 

with respect to representations and warranties:

 

the representations and warranties of the other
	party set forth in the merger agreement that are qualified as to
	material adverse effect (as defined in the merger agreement)
	being true and correct with the same force and effect as if made
	on the date of the merger agreement and on



the date on which the merger is to be completed
	or, if such representations and warranties expressly relate to
	an earlier date, then as of that earlier date;

 

the representations and warranties of the other
	party set forth in the merger agreement that are not qualified
	as to material adverse effect being true and correct in all
	respects on the date of the merger agreement and on the date on
	which the merger is to be completed or, if such representations
	and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, then as of
	that earlier date, except where the failure of these
	representations and warranties to be true and correct (without
	giving effect to any limitation as to materiality), individually
	or in the aggregate, does not have, and is not reasonably
	expected to have, a material adverse effect on the party making
	the representations and warranties;

 

the party making the representations and
	warranties having provided to the other party a certificate of
	the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer to
	that effect;

 

the other party to the merger agreement having
	performed or complied in all material respects with all material
	agreements and covenants required to be performed or complied
	with by it on or before the date on which the merger is to be
	completed, and that party having provided to the other party a
	certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
	Financial Officer to that effect;

 

with respect only to Proxims obligation to
	effect the merger, Western Multiplex shall not have repudiated
	or otherwise terminated its employment agreement with David C.
	King;

 

with respect only to Western Multiplexs
	obligation to effect the merger, Western Multiplex having
	received from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to
	Western Multiplex, on the date on which the merger is to be
	completed, a written opinion to the effect that, for federal
	income tax purposes, the merger will qualify as a reorganization
	within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal
	Revenue Code; and

 

with respect only to Proxims obligation to
	effect the merger, Proxim having received from Wilson Sonsini
	Goodrich & Rosati, counsel to Proxim, on the date on which
	the merger is to be completed, a written opinion to the effect
	that, for federal income tax purposes, the merger will qualify
	as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of
	the Internal Revenue Code.

Each of the conditions listed in the previous two
paragraphs is waivable by the party or parties whose obligation
to complete the merger is so conditioned, except to the extent
the condition must be satisfied in order to comply with
applicable law.

The merger agreement provides that a
material adverse effect means, when used in
connection with Proxim or Western Multiplex, any fact, event,
change, development, circumstance or effect, individually or
when taken together with all other effects that have occurred
prior to the date of determination of the material adverse
effect, that is or could reasonably be expected to be materially
adverse to the business, assets (including intangible assets),
capitalization, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of
operations of such entity and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;
provided, however, that in no event shall any of the following,
alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute a
material adverse effect:

 

any effect resulting from the announcement or
	pendency of the merger;

 

any change in Western Multiplexs or
	Proxims stock price or trading volume, in and of itself;

 

Western Multiplexs or Proxims failure
	to meet published revenue or earnings projections, in and of
	itself; or

 

any effect that results from changes affecting
	the industries in which Western Multiplex and Proxim operate or
	the economy in general except to the extent that such party is
	materially disproportionately affected.



No Solicitation
Provisions

In the merger agreement, each of Proxim and
Western Multiplex has agreed that it will not, nor will it
permit any of its subsidiaries nor any of the officers,
directors and representatives (including any investment banker,
attorney or accountant retained by it or any of its
subsidiaries) of it or its subsidiaries to, and it shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause its and its subsidiaries
employees and other agents not to (and shall not authorize any
of them to), directly or indirectly through another person:

 

solicit, initiate, encourage, knowingly
	facilitate or induce a competing acquisition proposal (as
	defined in the merger agreement);

 

participate in any discussions or negotiations
	regarding, or furnish to any Person any nonpublic information
	with respect to, or take any other action to facilitate any
	inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may
	reasonably be expected to lead to a competing acquisition
	proposal;

 

approve, endorse or recommend a competing
	acquisition proposal; or

 

enter into any letter of intent or similar
	agreement relating to a competing acquisition proposal.

The foregoing restrictions will not restrict
Western Multiplexs or Proxims board of
directors ability to comply with applicable securities
laws.

A competing acquisition proposal
includes any offer or proposal with respect to:

 

a transaction to effect a merger, reorganization,
	share exchange, consolidation, business combination,
	recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
	transaction involving Proxim or Western Multiplex or any of
	either companys material subsidiaries;

 

any purchase or sale of 15% or more of the
	consolidated assets of either Western Multiplex or Proxim and
	their subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and

 

any purchase or sale of, or tender or exchange
	offer for, the equity securities of such party that, if
	consummated, would result in any person (or the stockholders of
	such person) beneficially owning securities that represent 15%
	or more of the total voting power of Proxim or Western Multiplex
	(or of the surviving parent entity in such transaction) or any
	of their material subsidiaries.

Further, in connection with a competing
acquisition proposal that its board of directors has in good
faith concluded (following consultation with its outside legal
counsel and financial advisor) is a superior offer
(as defined in the merger agreement), and has in good faith
concluded following consultation with outside legal counsel that
its fiduciary obligations require it to do so, each of Western
Multiplex and Proxim or their respective board of directors will
be permitted to:

 

furnish nonpublic information regarding a
	competing acquisition proposal; or

 

engage in negotiations regarding a competing
	acquisition proposal.

In addition, in response to the receipt of a
superior offer, the board of directors of Western Multiplex or
Proxim may withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its
recommendation in favor of the merger or, in the case of a
superior offer that is a tender or exchange offer, recommend
that its stockholders accept the tender or exchange offer, if
all of the following conditions are met:

 

a superior offer with respect to Western
	Multiplex or Proxim has been made and has not been withdrawn;

 

such partys stockholder meeting shall not
	have previously occurred or the requisite vote of its
	stockholders shall not have been obtained;

 

such party shall have provided the other party
	written notice that (i) it has received a superior offer,
	(ii) the material terms and conditions of such superior
	offer and the identity of the person making the superior offer,
	and (iii) that it intends to effect a change of
	recommendation;



 

such party shall have provided to the other party
	to the merger agreement all written and electronic materials
	delivered to the party making the superior offer, and all
	material and information made available from the party making
	the superior offer;

 

such partys board of directors, after
	consultation with outside counsel, concludes in good faith that
	a change in its recommendation of the merger is required in
	order for the board of directors to comply with its fiduciary
	obligations to its stockholders; and

 

the board of directors has not breached any terms
	of the provisions of the merger agreement governing stockholder
	meetings, board recommendations and competing acquisition
	proposals in connection with each superior offer.

A superior offer means a competing
acquisition proposal that is:

 

(i) for a transaction to effect a merger,
	reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, business
	combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or
	similar transaction involving Proxim or Western Multiplex or any
	of either companys material subsidiaries, (ii) any
	purchase or sale of 40% or more of the consolidated assets of
	either Western Multiplex or Proxim and their subsidiaries, taken
	as a whole, or (iii) any purchase or sale of, or tender or
	exchange offer for, the equity securities of such party that, if
	consummated, would result in any person (or the stockholders of
	such person) beneficially owning securities that represent 40%
	or more of the total voting power of Proxim or Western Multiplex
	(or of the surviving parent entity in such transaction) or any
	of their material subsidiaries;

 

on terms that such partys board of
	directors concludes in good faith, following consultation with
	its outside legal counsel and its financial advisor, would be
	more favorable to such partys stockholders from a
	financial point of view; and

 

in the good faith opinion of such partys
	board of directors, reasonably capable of being completed.

The merger agreement also provides that each
party will promptly advise the other of the status and terms of
any competing proposal or any inquiry or request for information
relating to that competing proposal and the status and terms of
any such discussions or negotiations.

Meetings of Stockholders

Proxim is obligated under the merger agreement to
hold and convene the Proxim special meeting of stockholders for
purposes of voting for adoption of the merger agreement. This
obligation is not affected by a competing acquisition proposal
with respect to Proxim or a change in Proxims board of
directors recommendation, except upon termination of the
merger agreement in connection with a change of recommendation
by Proxims board of directors in response to a superior
offer as required by its fiduciary duties pursuant to the terms
of the merger agreement.

Western Multiplex is obligated under the merger
agreement to hold and convene the Western Multiplex special
meeting of stockholders for purposes of voting for the issuance
of shares of Western Multiplex common stock in the merger. This
obligation is not affected by a competing acquisition proposal
with respect to Western Multiplex or a change in Western
Multiplexs board of directors recommendation, except
upon termination of the merger agreement in connection with a
change of recommendation by Western Multiplexs board of
directors in response to a superior offer as required by its
fiduciary duties pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement.



Covenants; Conduct of Business Pending the
Merger

Both Western Multiplex and Proxim agreed that
they will conduct their business diligently in accordance with
good commercial practice. Each of Western Multiplex and Proxim
also agreed that it would conduct its business in compliance
with specific restrictions relating to:

 

accelerating, modifying or waiving any stock
	repurchase rights or the terms of any options, warrants or
	restricted stock;

 

entering into any material partnership
	arrangements, joint development agreements or strategic
	alliances;

 

grant any severance pay or adopt any new
	severance plan;

 

terminating or modifying, in any material
	respect, any material contracts relating to intellectual
	property;

 

dividends or other distributions;

 

its ability to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
	acquire any shares of its capital stock;

 

the issuance of securities, other than in
	connection with previously-granted options;

 

any modifications of its charter documents and
	bylaws;

 

any merger, consolidation or similar transaction
	with another entity or the acquisition of equity or material
	assets of other entities, other than in the ordinary course of
	business;

 

the sale, lease and disposition of assets, except
	for sales in the ordinary course of business;

 

the incurrence or guarantee of indebtedness other
	than in the ordinary course of business;

 

entering into or amending any employment or
	severance agreement, increasing the salary of any of its
	directors, officers, employees or consultants, increasing any
	employee benefits or bonuses or, other than pursuant to the
	terms of its stock option plans, accelerating the terms of any
	existing options;

 

making any individual or series of related
	payments outside of the ordinary course of business in excess of
	$250,000;

 

modifying or terminating any material contract or
	agreement to which it, or any of its subsidiaries, are a party,
	except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
	practice;

 

materially modifying any material contract,
	agreement or obligation relating to the distribution, sale,
	license or marketing by third parties of their products or
	products licensed by them;

 

revaluing any assets or taking actions affecting
	accounting methods and tax elections;

 

incurring or entering into any agreement or
	commitment in excess of $500,000 individually;

 

hiring any employee with an annual compensation
	level in excess of $75,000;

 

pay, discharge or satisfy any material claim,
	liability or obligation other than non-material amounts in the
	ordinary course of business;

 

modifying or amending in any manner that is
	adverse to the other party, or terminating, any material
	agreement or any confidentiality agreement entered into by it or
	any subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; and

 

the commencing, compromise or settlement of
	material claims.



Proxim also agreed that it would not:

 

settle or compromise its current intellectual
	property litigation unless such action resulted in a general
	release in favor of Proxim and does not require a material
	royalty, lump sum payment or material post-merger obligation by
	Proxim; and

 

amend or waive its stockholder rights plan in
	connection with a competing acquisition proposal for Proxim.

Other Agreements

Each of Western Multiplex and Proxim has agreed
to use its reasonable best efforts to:

 

cooperate in all respects with each other in
	making all filings, notices and applications reasonably
	determined by the parties to be required by any governmental
	entity in connection with the merger and supply the other with
	any information that may be required in order to effectuate any
	filings or applications required by any governmental entity;

 

consult and agree with each other about any
	public statement either will make concerning the merger;

 

consult with each other prior to taking a
	position with respect to any filing, and consider in good faith
	the views of the other in connection with any analyses,
	appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, papers,
	arguments, opinions and proposal before making or submitting
	them to any governmental entity in connection with any
	investigation or proceeding regarding the merger agreement or
	any transaction contemplated by the merger agreement;

 

coordinate with the other in preparing and
	exchanging information and promptly provide the other with
	copies of all filings, presentations or submissions made in
	connection with the merger;

 

promptly notify the other of any comments from
	any governmental entity in connection with any filings made in
	connection with the merger and any requests by any governmental
	entity for amendments or supplements to any filings made
	pursuant to any legal requirements;

 

promptly notify the other and coordinate with the
	other in preparing any amendments or supplements necessary to
	any filings made in connection with the merger;

 

take all actions and do all things necessary,
	proper or advisable to complete the merger;

 

obtain all necessary waivers, consents,
	approvals, orders and authorizations from governmental entities,
	and make all necessary registrations, declarations and filings,
	and take reasonable steps necessary to avoid any suit, claim,
	action, investigation or proceeding by any governmental entity;

 

obtain all necessary consents, approvals or
	waivers from third parties;

 

defend any suits, claims, actions, investigations
	or proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging
	the merger agreement or the completion of the merger;

 

execute or deliver any additional instruments
	necessary to complete the merger; and

 

if any state takeover statute or similar statute
	becomes applicable to the merger, ensure that the merger and
	other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
	consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated
	by the merger agreement and otherwise minimize the effect of
	such legal requirement on the merger.

Western Multiplex and Proxim jointly agreed that:

 

the merger will constitute a change in
	control under the severance agreements between Proxim and
	each of David C. King, Keith E. Glover, Kevin J. Negus, Kurt F.
	Bauer, Bradley A. Kolb, Russell R. Reynolds and David
	Koberstein, which gives rise to various severance benefits in
	the event they are involuntarily terminated or constructively
	discharged;



 

the certificate of incorporation of Proxim (the
	subsidiary) following the merger will not be modified for
	6 years following the merger to adversely affect the
	indemnity provided by Proxim to its officers, directors and
	employees;

 

the combined company will have Jonathan N. Zakin
	as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, David C.
	King as President and Chief Operating Officer, Keith E. Glover
	as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Amir
	Zoufonoun as Executive Vice President, Technology; and

 

the combined company will be named Proxim
	Corporation.

Western Multiplex also agreed:

 

to assume all outstanding options to acquire
	Proxim common stock and file a registration statement on
	Form S-8 with respect to such assumed options promptly
	following the merger;

 

to fulfill and honor the indemnification
	agreements between Proxim and each of its directors and officers;

 

that its board of directors would take all
	necessary action such that, upon completion of the merger, its
	board of directors consisted of three members of Western
	Multiplexs board of directors prior thereto, including
	Jonathan N. Zakin, three members of Proxims board of
	directors, including David C. King, and one member reasonably
	acceptable to those six directors. One appointee from the board
	of each Proxim and Western Multiplex will serve in each of
	Western Multiplexs three classes of directors; and

 

it would assume in writing various material
	agreements of Proxim at the time of the merger.

Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time before the completion of the merger, whether before or
after the stockholder approvals have been obtained at the
special meetings:

 

by mutual written consent of Western Multiplex
	and Proxim;

 

by Western Multiplex or Proxim, if the merger has
	not been completed by July 31, 2002; but this right to
	terminate the merger agreement will not be available to any
	party whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause
	of the failure of the merger to be completed by such date;

 

by Western Multiplex or Proxim, if a governmental
	entity has issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other
	action which has the effect of permanently restraining,
	enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger, which order,
	decree, ruling or other action is final and nonappealable;

 

by Western Multiplex or Proxim, if the
	stockholders of Western Multiplex fail to approve the issuance
	of Western Multiplex common stock in the merger or if the
	stockholders of Proxim fail to approve the adoption of the
	merger agreement, in each case at the applicable stockholders
	meeting or at any adjournment or postponement of the applicable
	meeting;

 

by Western Multiplex or Proxim if a triggering
	event (as defined in the merger agreement) with respect to the
	other party shall have occurred at any time prior to the
	adoption of the merger agreement by the stockholders of Proxim
	or the approval of the issuance of Western Multiplex common
	stock in the merger by the stockholders of Western Multiplex,
	respectively; and

 

by Western Multiplex or Proxim, if the other
	party has breached or failed to perform any of its
	representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements
	contained in the merger agreement such that the conditions to
	closing would not be satisfied, and such breach has not been or
	cannot be cured on or before July 31, 2002.



 

by either party, prior to obtaining the requisite
	vote of its stockholders, if its board of directors determines
	that its fiduciary duties require it to do so following receipt
	of a competing acquisition proposal from a third party that is
	superior to the terms of the merger agreement.

The merger agreement provides that a
triggering event occurs, with respect to either
Western Multiplex or Proxim, if:

 

its board of directors or any committee thereof
	for any reason withdraws or amends or modifies in a manner
	adverse to the other party its applicable board recommendation;

 

its board of directors fails to reaffirm its
	applicable board recommendation within 10 business days after
	the other party to the merger agreement requests in writing that
	such recommendation be reaffirmed after the public announcement
	of a competing acquisition proposal;

 

its board of directors or any committee has
	approved or recommended any competing acquisition proposal;

 

its board of directors shall have failed to call,
	hold and convene its stockholders meeting;

 

a tender or exchange offer relating to its
	securities shall have been commenced by a person unaffiliated
	with the other party hereto and such party shall not have sent
	to its securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 promulgated
	under the Securities Act, within 10 business days after such
	tender or exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a
	statement disclosing that the board of such party recommends
	rejection of such tender or exchange offer; or

 

with respect to Proxim only, it shall have
	amended its stockholder rights plan to render it inapplicable to
	any competing acquisition proposal other than the merger.

Termination Fees

Fees payable by Proxim

Proxim must pay Western Multiplex a termination
fee of $9.5 million if either party terminates the merger
agreement because the merger is not consummated by July 31,
2002 or Proxims stockholders do not approve the merger
agreement or Western Multiplex terminates the merger agreement
as a result of a breach of a covenant by Proxim following
receipt of a competing acquisition proposal, and:

 

between the signing and termination of the merger
	agreement or stockholder non-approval, there has been a public
	announcement of a competing acquisition proposal by a third
	party for 15% of the consolidated assets of Proxim or 15% of
	Proxims voting power; and

 

within 9 months following the termination of
	the merger agreement, Proxim consummates or enters into a
	definitive agreement (which is subsequently consummated) for an
	acquisition of 40% of the consolidated assets of Proxim or 40%
	of Proxims voting power.

Proxim will also pay Western Multiplex a
termination fee of $9.5 million if Western Multiplex, at
any time prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by the
stockholders of Proxim, terminates the merger agreement because
any of the following events occur:

 

Proxims board of directors has withdrawn,
	amended or modified in a manner adverse to Western Multiplex its
	board recommendation, or has resolved to withdraw, amend or
	modify such recommendation;

 

Proxims board of directors has failed to
	reaffirm its board recommendation after the public announcement
	of a competing acquisition proposal by a third party for 15% of
	the consolidated assets of Proxim or 15% of Proxims voting
	power;

 

Proxims board of directors has approved or
	recommended a competing acquisition proposal by a third party
	for 15% of the consolidated assets of Proxim or 15% of
	Proxims voting power, or has resolved to make such
	recommendation;



 

Proxims board of directors has failed to
	call, hold and convene its stockholders meeting; or

 

a tender or exchange offer for Proxims
	securities has been commenced by a third party and Proxims
	board of directors has not provided a statement to its
	stockholders that the board recommends rejection of such tender
	or exchange offer.

Proxim will also pay Western Multiplex a
termination fee of $9.5 million if Proxim, at any time
prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by its
stockholders, terminates the merger agreement upon determination
that its fiduciary duties require it to do so in response to a
superior offer.

In addition, Proxim has agreed to reimburse
Western Multiplex up to $1.5 million of fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the merger if Proxims
stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement in circumstances
in which the termination fees described above would not be
payable.

Fees payable by Western
	Multiplex

Western Multiplex must pay Proxim a termination
fee of $9.5 million if either party terminates the merger
agreement because the merger is not consummated by July 31,
2002 or Western Multiplexs stockholders do not approve the
issuance of shares contemplated by the merger agreement or if
Proxim terminates the merger as a result of a breach of a
covenant by Western Multiplex following receipt of a competing
acquisition proposal, and:

 

between the signing and termination of the merger
	agreement or stockholder non-approval, there has been a public
	announcement of a competing acquisition proposal by a third
	party for 15% of the consolidated assets of Western Multiplex or
	15% of Western Multiplexs voting power; and

 

within 9 months following the termination of
	the merger agreement, Western Multiplex consummates or enters
	into a definitive agreement (which is subsequently consummated)
	for an acquisition of 40% of the consolidated assets of Western
	Multiplex or 40% of Western Multiplexs voting power.

Western Multiplex will also pay Proxim a
termination fee of $9.5 million if Proxim, at any time
prior to the approval of the issuance of shares contemplated by
the merger agreement by the stockholders of Western Multiplex,
terminates the merger agreement because any of the following
events occur:

 

Western Multiplexs board of directors has
	withdrawn, amended or modified in a manner adverse to Western
	Multiplex its board recommendation, or has resolved to withdraw,
	amend or modify such recommendation;

 

Western Multiplexs board of directors has
	failed to reaffirm its board recommendation after the public
	announcement of a competing acquisition proposal by a third
	party for 15% of the consolidated assets of Western Multiplex or
	15% of Western Multiplexs voting power;

 

Western Multiplexs board of directors has
	approved or recommended a competing acquisition proposal by a
	third party for 15% of the consolidated assets of Western
	Multiplex or 15% of Western Multiplexs voting power, or
	has resolved to make such recommendation;

 

Western Multiplexs board of directors has
	failed to call, hold and convene its stockholders meeting;
	or

 

a tender or exchange offer for Western
	Multiplexs securities has been commenced by a third party
	and Western Multiplexs board of directors has not provided
	a statement to its stockholders that the board recommends
	rejection of such tender or exchange offer.

Western Multiplex will also pay Proxim a
termination fee of $9.5 million if Western Multiplex, at
any time prior to the approval of the issuance of shares of
Western Multiplex common stock by its stockholders terminates
the merger agreement upon determination that its fiduciary
duties require it to do so in response to a superior proposal.



In addition, Western Multiplex has agreed to
reimburse Proxim up to $1.5 million of fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the merger if Western
Multiplexs stockholders fail to approve the issuance of
shares in circumstances in which the termination fees described
above would not be payable.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains customary
representations and warranties of Proxim and Western Multiplex
relating to, among other things:

 

corporate organization and power and similar
	corporate matters;

 

significant subsidiaries;

 

capital structure;

 

the absence of any conflicts or violations of
	each partys agreements as a result of the merger or the
	merger agreement;

 

regulatory approvals required to complete the
	merger;

 

documents filed with the Securities and Exchange
	Commission, the accuracy of information contained in those
	documents and the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

 

absence of material changes or events;

 

filing of tax returns and payment of taxes;

 

intellectual property;

 

litigation matters;

 

the payment of brokerage or finders fees or
	agents commissions;

 

employee benefits and related matters;

 

environmental matters;

 

labor matters;

 

validity of material contracts to which the
	parties or their subsidiaries are a party and the absence of any
	breach of such contracts as a result of the merger;

 

inapplicability of state takeover statutes,
	including the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
	General Corporation Law, to the merger;

 

the accuracy of information supplied in
	connection with this proxy statement/prospectus and the
	registration statement of which it is a part;

 

approval by the board of directors; and

 

the receipt of opinions from financial advisors.

The merger agreement also contains additional
representations and warranties exclusive to Proxim relating to,
among other things:

 

the status of Proxims intellectual property
	litigation; and

 

amendments to Proxims Preferred Shares
	Rights Agreement to allow Western Multiplex to acquire
	Proxims common stock.

The merger agreement also contains additional
representations and warranties exclusive to Western Multiplex
relating to, among other things:

 

ownership of intellectual property; and

 

capital structure of Walnut-Pine Merger Corp.



The representations and warranties made by the
parties to the merger agreement will not survive the merger, but
their accuracy forms the basis of one of the conditions to the
obligations of Western Multiplex and Proxim to complete the
merger.

Amendment; Extension and Waiver

Subject to applicable law:

 

the merger agreement may be amended by the
	parties at any time, except that after the merger agreement has
	been adopted by the Proxim stockholders and the issuance of
	shares has been approved by the Western Multiplex stockholders,
	no amendment which by law or in accordance with the rules of
	Nasdaq requires further approval by Western Multiplex or Proxim
	stockholders shall be made without such further approval; and

 

at any time prior to the completion of the
	merger, a party may, by written instrument signed on behalf of
	such party, to the extent legally allowed, extend the time for
	the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the
	other parties hereto, waive any inaccuracies in the
	representations and warranties in the merger agreement or in any
	related document and waive compliance with any of the agreements
	or conditions for the benefit of such party contained herein.

Expenses; Reimbursement

Whether or not the merger is completed, all fees
and expenses incurred in connection with the merger, the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement will be paid by the party incurring such fees or
expenses, except that:

 

Western Multiplex and Proxim will share equally
	the expenses, other than attorneys and accountants
	fees, incurred in connection with printing and filing this proxy
	statement/ prospectus and the registration statement of which it
	is a part;

 

Western Multiplex and Proxim will share equally
	the filing fee for the Notification and Report Forms filed with
	the FTC and DOJ under the HSR Act or any other filing fee
	required by a governmental entity pursuant to the merger
	agreement; and

 

if Proxims or Western Multiplexs
	stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement or approve the
	share issuance, the other party terminates the merger agreement
	and no competing acquisition proposal had previously been
	publicly announced, the non-terminating party must reimburse the
	fees and expenses of the terminating party up to a cap of
	$1,500,000.



AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

This section of the proxy statement/ prospectus
describes agreements related to the merger agreement, including
the voting agreements between Western Multiplex and stockholders
of Proxim, the voting agreements between Proxim and stockholders
of Western Multiplex, the stockholders agreement among Western
Multiplex and affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. and
affiliate agreements between Western Multiplex and Proxims
affiliates. While we believe that these descriptions cover the
material terms of these agreements, these summaries may not
contain all of the information that is important to you.

Voting Agreements

As an inducement for Proxim to enter into the
merger agreement, the Western Multiplex stockholders indicated
below entered into voting agreements with Proxim pursuant to
which, among other things, each of these stockholders agreed,
solely in his, her or its capacity as a stockholder, to vote all
of his, her or its shares of Proxim common stock in favor of the
issuance of shares of Western Multiplex common stock pursuant to
the merger agreement and against any matter that is inconsistent
with the prompt consummation of the merger.

As an inducement for Western Multiplex to enter
into the merger agreement, the Proxim stockholders indicated
below entered into voting agreements with Western Multiplex
pursuant to which, among other things, each of these
stockholders agreed, solely in his capacity as a stockholder, to
vote all of his shares of Proxim common stock in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement and against any matter that is
inconsistent with the prompt consummation of the merger.

With respect to each of the voting agreements,
the stockholders also generally agreed to the following:

 

not to transfer his, her or its shares, subject
	to limited exceptions;

 

solely in his, her or its capacity as a
	stockholder, not to solicit proxies from other stockholders
	against the share issuance proposal, in the case of the Western
	Multiplex stockholders, or against the adoption of the merger
	agreement, in the case of the Proxim stockholders; and

 

solely in his, her or its capacity as a
	stockholder, generally not to furnish nonpublic information to a
	third party making a competing acquisition proposal, as defined
	in the section of this proxy statement/ prospectus titled
	The Merger Agreement  No Solicitation
	Provisions, and not to engage in negotiations with a third
	party making a competing acquisition proposal, in each case
	subject to limited exceptions consistent with those contained in
	the merger agreement.

Each of the voting agreements terminates upon the
earlier of the termination of the merger agreement and the
completion of the merger.

Western Multiplex stockholders that entered into
voting agreements with Proxim, solely in their capacities as
stockholders, include Ripplewood Partners, L.P. and Ripplewood
Employee Co-Investment Fund I, L.L.C., each of which is an
affiliate of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C., Jonathan N. Zakin, who
is Western Multiplexs Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board, and Amir Zoufonoun, who is Western
Multiplexs President and Chief Operating Officer. As of
February 21, 2002, these stockholders beneficially owned
38,308,278 shares of Western Multiplex common stock,
representing approximately 64.6% of the outstanding Western
Multiplex common stock.

Proxim stockholders that entered into voting
agreements with Western Multiplex, solely in their capacities as
stockholders, include David C. King, who is Proxims
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board,
Keith E. Glover, who is Proxims Chief Financial
Officer, and Raymond Chin, Leslie G. Denend and
Jeffrey D. Saper, each of whom is a member of Proxims
board of directors. These stockholders as of February 21,
2002, collectively beneficially owned 404,789 shares
representing 1.3% of the outstanding Proxim common stock.

We have filed Mr. Kings voting
agreement as an exhibit to Western Multiplexs registration
statement for the shares of Western Multiplex common stock to be
issued in the merger. Please see the



section entitled Where You Can Find More
Information for instructions on how to obtain a copy of
any of these agreements.

Stockholders Agreement

As an inducement for Proxim to enter into the
merger agreement, Western Multiplex entered into a stockholders
agreement with WMC Holding L.L.C., Ripplewood Partners, L.P. and
Ripplewood Employee Co-Investment Fund I, L.L.C., each of
which is an affiliate of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. This
stockholders agreement will become effective when and if the
merger is completed.

Transfer restrictions

Subject to the exceptions described below, the
affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings have agreed not to sell or
transfer their shares of Western Multiplex common stock until
the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the merger and the
date on which they collectively own less than 10% of the
outstanding Western Multiplex common stock.

The exceptions to the transfer and sale
restrictions on the affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings described
above include each of the following:

 

transfers of shares to their affiliates in
	transactions exempt from the registration requirements under the
	Securities Act if these affiliates become parties to the
	stockholders agreement;

 

any transfers or sales pursuant to the exercise
	of the registration rights described below;

 

any transfers or sales pursuant to a tender offer
	for at least 25% of the outstanding Western Multiplex common
	stock;

 

during the initial 30-day period after the
	closing date of the merger, transfers or sales of up to an
	aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of Western Multiplex common stock,
	as well as any additional shares that J.P. Morgan
	Securities Inc. advises Western Multiplex, because of then
	current and expected market demand, can be reasonably absorbed
	by the trading market for Western Multiplex common stock and
	would not significantly negatively affect the price of the
	combined companys common stock; and

 

during each subsequent 30-day period prior to the
	expiration of the transfer restrictions, transfers of a number
	of shares equal to the total of the following: (1) the
	average weekly trading volume in Western Multiplex common stock
	during the prior four-week period, plus (2) the number of
	shares that Ripplewood and its affiliates were entitled to
	transfer during any prior 30-day period pursuant to this bullet
	point and/or the immediately prior bullet point but have not so
	transferred previously, minus (3) the number of shares
	these affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings were able to transfer
	pursuant to the exercise of the registration rights described
	below.

Registration rights

Commencing on the six-month anniversary of the
merger and subject to various restrictions, these affiliates of
Ripplewood Holdings may make up to four demands for registration
under the Securities Act of their shares of Western Multiplex
common stock for sale in underwritten offerings or otherwise. In
addition, subject to customary limitations, affiliates of
Ripplewood Holdings will have the right to require that their
shares of Western Multiplex common stock be included in other
registered public offerings of Western Multiplex common stock.
Western Multiplex will pay all expenses related to any of these
registered offerings other than underwriting discounts and
commissions, transfer taxes, if any, and specified amounts of
fees of counsel for these affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings.
Each of Western Multiplex and these affiliates of Ripplewood
Holdings also have agreed to indemnify each other against
various liabilities associated with the registered offerings in
which these affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings participate.

The registration rights of these affiliates of
Ripplewood Holdings under the stockholders agreement generally
will terminate when (1) these affiliates of Ripplewood
Holdings are able to sell all of their shares



under Rule 144 during any 90-day period and
(2) these affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings hold less than
5% of the outstanding Western Multiplex common stock. If the
merger is completed, the current registration rights agreement
between Western Multiplex and WMC Holding L.L.C. will terminate.

We have filed this stockholders agreement as an
exhibit to Western Multiplexs registration statement for
the shares of Western Multiplex common stock to be issued in the
merger. Please see the section entitled Where You Can Find
More Information for instructions on how to obtain copies
of this agreement.

Indemnification Agreement

Western Multiplex has generally agreed to
indemnify affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. against any
losses or expenses incurred by them that arise from the merger
agreement or the voting agreements or the consummation or
proposed consummation of the merger and the transactions related
to the merger, but excluding any losses and expenses arising
from any breach by these affiliates of the voting agreements to
which they are a party.

Employment Agreements

David C. King.

David C. King, Proxims Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, has entered into an employment agreement with Western
Multiplex that provides the terms and conditions of his
employment as President and Chief Operating Officer of the
combined company. At the effective time of the merger,
Mr. Kings employment agreement will take effect and
provide:

 

an annual base salary of $400,000, subject to
	increase by the combined companys board of directors;

 

an annual incentive cash bonus of up to 75% of
	his base salary, subject to increase if targets are
	significantly exceeded;

 

an option to purchase 1% of the combined
	companys fully-diluted outstanding shares at the fair
	market value of Western Multiplex common stock on the date of
	grant, which date will be within 30 days following the
	effective date of the merger, vesting over three years;

 

that the surviving company will assume
	Proxims guarantee of Mr. Kings obligations
	concerning his margin accounts; and

 

various termination benefits depending on the
	circumstances under which Mr. Kings employment ends,
	whether terminated by him or the combined company or upon
	Mr. Kings death or disability (reduced by any
	payments made under his current severance agreement described
	below) as follows:

In the event of Mr. Kings death, his
beneficiaries will be entitled to receive:

 

continued payment of his base salary and target
	bonus for the subsequent 24 months,

 

full acceleration of the vesting of all of his
	stock options and 12 months in which to exercise them,

 

continuation of health benefits at the same cost
	for up to 24 months, and

 

payment of the entire amount of any remaining
	obligations under Mr. Kings margin loans. In the
	event of Mr. Kings disability which renders him
	unable to continue his employment, he will be entitled to
	receive the same benefits as in the event of his death, except
	that instead of the payment of any remaining margin loan
	obligations, the combined company will extend its agreement to
	guarantee those loans for up to an additional 4 years.

If Mr. King is terminated by the combined
company without cause or resigns for good reason, then he will
be entitled to receive:

 

continued payment of his base salary and target
	bonus for the subsequent 24 months,

 

full acceleration of the vesting of all of his
	stock options granted prior to the effective time of the merger
	and of 50% of the stock options granted following the merger,
	with 12 months to exercise both sets of options following
	termination of employment,



 

continuation of health benefits at the same cost
	for up to 18 months, and

 

an extension of the companys guarantee on
	his margin loans for up to an additional 2 years.

In the event that either one of these types of
termination occurs within 13 months following a change of
control of the combined company, then Mr. King will receive
the same benefits as described in the preceding sentence, except
that the cash severance will be paid in a lump sum and the
vesting of all unvested stock options shall accelerate.

His employment agreement also provides that he
may resign within 24 months following the merger and be
entitled to the benefits provided under his severance agreement
with Proxim described below.

Amir Zoufonoun.
 Amir
Zoufonoun, Western Multiplexs President and Chief
Operating Officer, will enter into an amended and restated
employment agreement which will take effect at the effective
time of the merger and provide the terms and conditions of his
employment as Executive Vice President, Technology of the
combined company. The terms of the amended and restated
employment agreement will be similar to those under
Mr. Zoufonouns existing employment agreement, except
that under the amended and restated employment agreement
Mr. Zoufonoun will also be entitled to:

 

forgiveness of 50% of the outstanding principal
	amount and accrued and unpaid interest of the promissory note
	issued by Mr. Zoufonoun to Western Multiplex in the
	original amount of $465,500 if Mr. Zoufonoun remains with
	the combined company for six months following the merger, and
	forgiveness of 100% of the outstanding principal amount of the
	note and unpaid interest if Mr. Zoufonoun remains with the
	combined company for twelve months or more following the merger;
	and

 

full acceleration of 290,046 unvested options to
	purchase shares of Western Multiplex common stock held by
	Mr. Zoufonoun.

Under his existing employment agreement,
Mr. Zoufonoun is entitled to acceleration of only a portion
of the options held by him in the event of his termination by
Western Multiplex without cause or his resignation for good
reason.

Change of Control Severance
Arrangements

The employment of four of Western
Multiplexs executive officers will be terminated in
connection with the merger. Those officers are Nancy Huber,
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary,
Fred Corsentino, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales, Gary
Boss, Vice President of Operations and Christina Rulo, Vice
President, Human Resources. As severance, each will receive:

 

a lump-sum payment equal to the sum of his or her
	annual salary and target bonus,

 

the acceleration of all of his or her unvested
	options to acquire shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock,

 

the right to exercise those options for one year
	following termination, and

 

the continuation of health care and other
	employment benefits for one year following termination.

At the request of Mr. Zakin, Ms. Huber
and Mr. Corsentino have also agreed to provide consulting
services to aid in the integration of Western Multiplex and
Proxim for no additional compensation.

David C. King, Keith E. Glover,
Kurt F. Bauer, Proxims Vice President, Marketing and
Sales, Kevin J. Negus, Proxims Vice President of
Business Development, Bradley A. Kolb, Proxims Vice
President, Operations, Russell R. Reynolds, Proxims
Vice President, Engineering, and David Koberstein, Proxims
Vice President, Customer Satisfaction, are each parties to
change of control and severance agreements with Proxim. Pursuant
to those agreements, in the event any of them is terminated
without



cause or constructively discharged within
twenty-four (24) months following the merger, he is
entitled to receive:

 

cash payments equal to 100% of his annual
	compensation (as defined in the agreement) paid over the
	12 months following termination (200% with respect to
	Mr. King, paid over the 24 months following
	termination),

 

Proxim-provided health, dental, vision and life
	insurance at the same level of coverage as was provided to him
	immediately prior to termination for a period of 12 months
	(24 months for Mr. King) following termination,

 

acceleration of all unvested options to purchase
	shares of Proxims common stock and the lapse of any
	repurchase right Proxim may have with respect to stock held by
	him; and

 

6 months of outplacement assistance, not to
	exceed a cost of $10,000.

Affiliate Agreements

As a condition to Western Multiplexs
obligation to complete the merger, each of Proxims
affiliates executed an affiliate agreement. Under these
affiliate agreements, Western Multiplex is entitled to place
appropriate legends on the certificates evidencing any Western
Multiplex common stock to be received by the affiliates and to
issue stop transfer instructions to the transfer agent for
Western Multiplex common stock. Further, the affiliates have
acknowledged the resale restrictions imposed by Rule 145
under the Securities Act of 1933 on shares of Western Multiplex
common stock to be received by them in the merger.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED

FINANCIAL INFORMATION

On January 16, 2002, Western Multiplex
entered into an agreement and plan of merger to combine with
Proxim. Under the terms of the agreement, upon completion of the
merger, each share of Proxim common stock will be exchanged for
1.8896 shares of Western Multiplex common stock. The
exchange ratio will not be adjusted for changes in the market
price of Western Multiplex common stock. Based on the number of
shares of Proxim common stock outstanding on January 11,
2002, Western Multiplex would issue consideration of
approximately 59.3 million shares of its common stock.
Additionally, Western Multiplex will assume the outstanding
options to purchase Proxim common stock except (a) each
Proxim option will be exercisable for that number of whole
shares of Western Multiplex common stock equal to the product of
the number of shares of Proxim common stock that were issuable
upon exercise of such Proxim option immediately prior to the
merger multiplied by 1.8896, rounded down to the nearest whole
number of shares of Western Multiplex common stock and
(b) the per share exercise price for the shares of Western
Multiplex common stock issuable upon exercise of such assumed
Proxim option will be equal to the quotient determined by
dividing the exercise price per share of Proxim common stock at
which such Proxim option was exercisable immediately prior to
the merger by 1.8896, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. The
value of the stock options to be assumed by Western Multiplex
has been estimated at approximately $42.4 million using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on Western
Multiplexs closing stock price on the day of, and the two
days before and after the companies reached agreement and the
proposed transaction was announced. This amount has been
included in the purchase price for pro forma purposes.

The acquisition of Proxim by Western Multiplex
will be accounted for under the purchase method of accounting as
required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard
(SFAS) No. 141, Business
Combinations whereby the total cost of the acquisition,
including related fees and expenses, is allocated to the
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based upon their respective fair values at the effective date of
the acquisition. Identified intangible assets with finite lives
will be amortized over those lives. Goodwill will no longer be
amortized. Such allocation has been made based upon currently
available information and managements estimates. Final
allocations will be determined upon completion of the analysis
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the effective
date of the acquisition. Since the acquisition of Proxim by
Western Multiplex has not been completed, the actual
consideration cannot yet be determined. For the purpose of the
pro forma financial information included herein, the number of
shares of Western Multiplex common stock issued in the
acquisition of Proxim has been estimated based on the number of
shares of Proxim common stock outstanding on January 11,
2002. The actual number of shares of Western Multiplex common
shares to be issued will be based on the actual number of shares
of Proxim common stock outstanding as of the completion of the
merger.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
balance sheet gives effect to the merger as if it had occurred
on December 31, 2001, and is based on Western
Multiplexs balance sheet as of December 31, 2001, and
the balance sheet as of December 31, 2001 for Proxim. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
give effect to the proposed merger as if it had occurred on
January 1, 2001. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operations for the year ended December 31,
2001, includes the results of operations of Western Multiplex
for the year ended December 31, 2001, combined with the
results of operations of Proxim for the year ended
December 31, 2001.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial statements do not purport to represent what the
results of operations or financial position of Western Multiplex
would actually have been if the transaction had occurred on such
date or to project the results of operations or financial
positions of Western Multiplex for any future date or period.
Furthermore, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statements of operations set forth below are based on
assumptions that Western Multiplex believes are reasonable and
should be read in conjunction with the respective financial
statements and related notes thereto and Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/
prospectus.



UNAUDITED PRO-FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE
SHEET

As of December 31, 2001

(In thousands)

Pro Forma

Western

Net

Combined

Multiplex

Proxim

Adjustments

Total

ASSETS

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

16,552

$

48,012

$



$

64,564

Short-term investments and marketable securities

6,738



7,677

Accounts receivable, net

27,396

15,521



42,917

Inventories, net

19,906

23,392

(a)

44,212

Deferred tax assets

8,224





8,224

Other current assets

2,413

2,153



4,566

Total current assets

81,229

90,017

172,160

Property and equipment, net

8,776

9,733



18,509

Goodwill and other intangibles, net

36,613

24,603

161,254

(a)

222,470

Long-term investments, restricted cash and other

2,084

2,000



4,084

Other long-term assets

2,571





2,571

Deferred tax assets, net of current portion

3,125





3,125

Total assets

$

134,398

$

126,353

$

162,168

$

422,919

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS
	EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$

7,549

$

3,500

$



$

11,049

Other current liabilities

8,597

5,915

14,000

(a)

28,512

Total current liabilities

16,146

9,415

14,000

39,561

Long-term liabilities:

Long-term debt





Restructuring accruals, long-term portion



9,727



9,727

Total long-term liabilities



10,017



10,017

Total liabilities

16,146

19,432

14,000

49,578

Stockholders equity

Common stock

1,013

(a)(b)

1,606

Additional paid-in capital

159,626

209,654

50,755

(a)(b)

420,035

Treasury stock

(21,400

)





(21,400

)

Deferred stock compensation

(614

)



(1,413

)(a)

(2,027

)

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(872

)

(b)

Retained earnings (deficit)

(19,530

)

(101,892

)

97,392

(a)(b)

(24,030

)

Less: Employee stock subscription receivable

(918

)





(918

)

Total stockholders equity

118,252

106,921

148,168

373,341

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

$

134,398

$

126,353

$

162,168

$

422,919



UNAUDITED PRO-FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

(In Thousands)

Pro forma

Western

Net

Combined

Multiplex

Proxim

Adjustments

Total

Revenue, net

$

105,730

$

85,536

$



$

191,266

Cost of revenue

55,887

49,367



105,254

Amortization of intangible assets



2,832

(2,832

)(c)



Provision for excess and obsolete inventory



50,000



50,000

Total cost of revenue

55,887

102,199

(2,832

)

155,254

Gross profit (loss)

49,843

(16,663

)

2,832

36,012

Operating expenses:

Research and development

19,114

13,235



32,349

Purchased in-process research and development

6,400

1,373



7,773

Selling, general and administrative

38,603

32,107



70,710

Restructuring charges

1,816

13,585



15,401

Merger costs





Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets

4,331

10,372

(10,372

)(c)

4,331

Amortization of deferred stock compensation

5,196



 (d)

5,931

Amortization of goodwill and intangible assets

5,440

5,252

3,781

 (c)

14,473

Total operating expenses

80,930

75,924

(5,856

)

150,998

Loss from operations

(31,087

)

(92,587

)

8,688

(114,986

)

Interest income, net

1,393

1,905



3,298

Impairment losses on investments



(12,074

)



(12,074

)

Loss before income taxes

(29,694

)

(102,756

)

8,688

(123,762

)

Provision (benefit) for income taxes

(4,096

)

5,043



Net loss

$

(25,598

)

$

(107,799

)

$

8,688

$

(124,709

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.44

)

$

(3.87

)

$

(1.13

)

Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss
	per share

57,559

27,860

110,203



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.     Basis of
Presentation

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial statements included herein have been prepared by
Western Multiplex pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and
certain footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to
such rules and regulations. However, Western Multiplex believes
that the disclosures are adequate to make the information
presented not misleading.

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed
balance sheet was prepared by combining the historical audited
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2001 for
Western Multiplex and the historical audited balance sheet data
as of December 31, 2001 for Proxim assuming the merger had
occurred on December 31, 2001. The unaudited pro forma
combined condensed statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2001 has been prepared by combining the
audited consolidated statement of operations data for Western
Multiplex for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the
audited statement of operations data for Proxim for the year
ended December 31, 2001 assuming the merger had occurred on
January 1, 2001.

Western Multiplex expects that it may incur
additional costs to integrate the merged entities over the
course of the next several years, including restructuring costs
anticipated upon the closing of the merger, primarily related to
duplicate facilities in Sunnyvale, California, and severance
payments to employees who will be terminated. Such costs have
not been considered in the pro forma financial statements and
will be recorded as operating expenses if and when they are
determined.

2.     Unaudited
Condensed Combined Pro Forma Adjustments

     As of
December 31, 2001

(a) Records the purchase of Proxim by
Western Multiplex

 

The purchase price of Proxim is allocated based
	upon the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and
	liabilities assumed, which approximates book value. This
	allocation is subject to change pending a final analysis of the
	value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The actual
	allocation will be based on financial information as of the
	acquisition date. The following tables summarize the components
	of the total purchase price and the estimated allocation (in
	thousands, except share amounts):

Fair Value of Western Multiplex common stock
	(59,270,433 shares)*

$

218,589

Fair Value of Proxim options assumed*

42,413

Transaction costs

14,000

Estimated total purchase price

$

275,002

Purchase price allocation:

Net tangible assets acquired

$

82,318

In-process research and development

4,500

Deferred stock compensation

1,413

Inventory write-up

Identifiable intangible assets

35,500

Goodwill

150,357

Estimated total purchase price

$

275,002



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

* 

The fair value of Western Multiplex common stock
	exchanged and assumed employee stock options are based upon
	Western Multiplexs closing stock price on the day of, and
	the two days before and after the companies reached agreement
	and the proposed transaction was announced. The Western
	Multiplexs closing price at the acquisition date will have
	an effect on the total purchase price.

 

Records the write-off of in-process research and
	development costs of $4.5 million. The in-process research
	and development charge has not been included in the accompanying
	unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
	as it represents a non-recurring charge directly related to the
	acquisition. In-process research and development consisted of
	technology which had not yet reached technological feasibility
	and had no alternative future use as of the date of acquisition.

 

Records the write-up of inventory for
	Proxims work-in-process and finished goods to fair market
	value less the historical selling margin.

(b) Reflects the elimination of the
historical Proxim stockholders equity, in accordance with
purchase business combination accounting, and the recording of
the issuance of Western Multiplex common shares and outstanding
Proxim stock options converted by Western Multiplex to effect
the merger in the aggregate value of $261.0 million.

     Year Ended
December 31, 2001

(c) Reflects intangible assets (excluding
goodwill of $150.4 million) amortization related to the
acquisition of Proxim, and the elimination of amortization and
impairment relating to historical goodwill and intangible assets
carried on the books of Proxim, which is eliminated in the
purchase of Proxim by Western Multiplex. Historical amortization
and impairment included in the Proxim financial statements, was
$8.1 million and $10.4 million, respectively, for the
year ended December 31, 2001. The Developed Technology is
being amortized over 3 years, and the Core Technology and
Patents are amortized over 5 years using the straight-line
method as follows (in thousands):

Proxim

Total

Core

Developed

Intangible

Technology

Patents

Technology

Assets

Purchase price allocated

$

17,800

$

3,200

$

14,500

$

35,500

Amortization period, in months



Amortization expense per month

$

$

$

$

Twelve month pro forma adjustment to intangibles

$

3,560

$

$

4,833

$

9,033

Had Western Multiplex adopted SFAS No. 142
effective from January 1, 2001, the pro forma loss for the
year ended December 31, 2001 would have been $119.4
million. The pro forma basic and diluted loss per share for the
year ended December 31, 2001 would have been $1.08.

(d) In conjunction with the merger, Western
Multiplex will convert unvested Proxim stock options into
Western Multiplex stock options. Western Multiplex will record
deferred stock compensation of approximately $1.4 million, based
on the estimated intrinsic value of the unvested stock options
to be converted at the date of the merger. This deferred stock
compensation will be recorded to expense on an accelerated
graded vesting basis over the average remaining vesting period.



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

3.     Unaudited Pro
Forma Net Loss Per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of
pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share:

Year ended

December 31, 2001

Numerator:

Pro forma net loss

$

124,709

Denominator:

Basic and diluted

Weighted average number of shares of Western
	Multiplex common stock outstanding

57,559

Add: weighted average number of shares of Proxim
	common stock outstanding multiplied by the exchange ratio of
	1.8896

52,644

Shares used in computing pro forma basic and
	diluted net loss per share

110,203

Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share

$

1.13



COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF WESTERN
MULTIPLEX COMMON STOCK

AND PROXIM COMMON STOCK

This section of the proxy statement/ prospectus
describes material differences between Western Multiplex common
stock, on the one hand, and Proxim common stock, on the other
hand. While we believe that the description covers the material
differences between the two, this summary may not contain all of
the information that is important to both Western Multiplex and
Proxim stockholders. This summary is not intended to be a
complete discussion of the certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of Western Multiplex and the certificate of incorporation
and bylaws of Proxim and is qualified in its entirety by
applicable Delaware law. Western Multiplex and Proxim
stockholders should carefully read this entire document and the
certificates of incorporation and bylaws of each Western
Multiplex and Proxim for a more complete understanding of the
differences between Western Multiplex common stock and Proxim
common stock.

Proxims certificate of incorporation and
bylaws currently govern the rights of stockholders of Proxim.
After the completion of the merger, Proxim common stockholders
will become stockholders of Western Multiplex. As a result,
former Proxim stockholders rights will be governed by
Western Multiplexs certificate of incorporation and
bylaws. The following table summarizes material differences
between the rights of Western Multiplex stockholders and Proxim
stockholders under the certificate of incorporation and bylaws
of Western Multiplex and of Proxim.

Western Multiplex (Delaware)

Proxim (Delaware)

Common stock

Two classes of common stock:

	Class A common stock

	Class B common stock. There are no shares of Class B
	common stock outstanding.

One class of common stock

Voting

The holders of Class A common stock are
	entitled to one vote for each share of Class A common stock
	and the holders of Class B common stock are entitled to ten
	votes for each share of Class B common stock.

	The holders of Class B common stock have the right, at any
	time, to convert all or part of any such holders shares of
	Class B common stock into the equivalent number of shares
	of fully paid and nonassessable Class A common stock.

The holders of common stock are entitled to one
	vote for each share of common stock.

Special meeting of stockholders

Under Delaware law, a special meeting of
	stockholders may be called by the board of directors or any
	other person authorized to do so in the certificate of
	incorporation or the bylaws. Western Multiplexs
	certificate of incorporation and bylaws authorize only the Chief
	Executive Officer, the president of Western Multiplex or the
	board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders.

Under Delaware law, a special meeting of
	stockholders may be called by the board of directors or any
	other person authorized to do so in the certificate of
	incorporation or the bylaws. Proxims bylaws authorize the
	chairman of the board of directors, the board of directors, the
	chief executive officer, the president, or one or more
	stockholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast
	not less than a majority of the votes at that meeting to call a
	special meeting of stockholders.



Western Multiplex (Delaware)

Proxim (Delaware)

Action by written consent in lieu of a
	stockholders meeting

Under Delaware law, stockholders may take action
	by written consent in lieu of voting at a meeting. Delaware law
	allows corporations to eliminate this right by a provision of
	its certificate of incorporation. Western Multiplexs
	certificate of incorporation eliminates the ability of a
	stockholder to act by written consent. Any action required or
	permitted to be taken by the stockholders of Western Multiplex
	must be taken at a duly called annual or special meeting of
	stockholders.

Proxims certificate of incorporation and
	bylaws permits stockholders to take action by written consent
	without a meeting if such consent is signed by the holders of
	outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of
	votes necessary to authorize or take that action at a meeting at
	which all shares entitled to vote on that action were present
	and voted.

Advance notice provisions for board nominations
	and other stockholder business

Western Multiplexs bylaws provide that
	stockholders may nominate persons for election to the board of
	directors and propose business at an annual meeting only by
	giving notice to the secretary of Western Multiplex not less
	than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the first
	anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting.
	However, if the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than
	30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from such
	anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be
	delivered no earlier than 90 days prior to such annual
	meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of
	60 days prior to such annual meeting or 10 days following
	such public announcement of the date of such meeting is first
	made.

Proxims bylaws provide that stockholders
	may nominate persons for election to the board of directors and
	propose business at an annual meeting only by giving notice to
	the secretary of Proxim not less than 120 days in advance
	of the date specified in Proxims proxy statement in
	connection with the previous years annual meeting of
	stockholders. However, if the date of the annual meeting was not
	stated in such prior proxy statement or it has been changed by
	more than 30 days from the date stated in such prior proxy
	statement, notice by the stockholder must be received a
	reasonable time before the general solicitation is made.



Western Multiplex (Delaware)

Proxim (Delaware)

Number of directors

Western Multiplexs bylaws and certificate
	of incorporation provide that the number of directors shall be
	fixed by resolution of the board but shall not be less than 3 or
	more than 15. Any increase or decrease in the number of
	directors is to be apportioned by the board among the three
	classes of directors so as to maintain such classes as nearly
	equal in number as possible. Any decrease in the number of
	directors will not shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Proxims certificate of incorporation
	provides that the number of directors shall be fixed by
	resolution of the board. Proxims bylaws provide the exact
	number of directors is 4, until changed. Proxims bylaws
	provide that the number of directors may be changed by an
	amendment to the bylaws adopted by the board of directors or by
	the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the
	outstanding shares entitled to vote.

Classified board

Delaware law provides that a corporations
	board of directors may be divided into various classes with
	staggered terms of office. Western Multiplexs certificate
	of incorporation provides for a classified board of directors,
	with the board divided into three classes that serve staggered
	three-year terms. Each class of directors shall have as close as
	possible to the same number of directors.

Proxims certificate of incorporation does
	not provide for a classified board of directors.

Stockholder Rights Plans

Western Multiplex does not have a rights plan in
	place.

Proxims board of directors has adopted a
	poison pill rights plan that provides its
	stockholders with the right to purchase preferred stock as a
	defensive measure in connection with a potential acquisition.
	Proxim has amended its rights plan to provide that it does not
	apply to the merger with Western Multiplex, and Proxim will
	terminate the rights plan in connection with the merger.

Removal of directors

Western Multiplexs certificate of
	incorporation provides for the removal of a director only for
	cause and only by the affirmative vote of 66 2/3% percent
	of the stockholders then entitled to vote in the election of
	directors, voting together as a single class.

Proxims certificate of incorporation
	provides that directors may be removed for cause by the
	affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of capital stock
	entitled to vote generally in an election of directors and may
	be removed without cause by the affirmative vote of at least
	66 2/3% of the shares of capital stock entitled to vote
	generally at an election of directors.



Western Multiplex (Delaware)

Proxim (Delaware)

Board of director vacancies

Western Multiplexs certificate of
	incorporation and bylaws provide that whenever a vacancy occurs
	or the number of directors is increased, a majority of the
	remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, may choose a
	successor to fill the vacancy or new directorship who will hold
	office for the unexpired term of the director in respect of
	which such vacancy occurred and, in the case of a new
	directorship, until the next annual meeting of the stockholders
	at which members of the directors class are elected.

Proxims bylaws provide that whenever a
	vacancy occurs or the number of directors is increased, a
	majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum
	or a sole remaining director, may choose a successor to fill the
	vacancy; however, a vacancy created by the removal of a director
	by the vote or written consent of the stockholders or by court
	order may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority
	of the shares represented and voting at a duly held meeting, or
	by unanimous written consent of all shares entitled to vote.
	Each director so elected shall hold office until the next annual
	meeting of the stockholders and until a successor has been
	elected and qualified.

Indemnification

Western Multiplexs certificate of
	incorporation provides that the directors and officers shall be
	indemnified to the fullest extent authorized by law against any
	action, proceeding or suit brought against such a person by
	reason of the fact that he or she (i) is or was a director
	or officer of Western Multiplex or (ii) serves or served at any
	other enterprise at the request of Western Multiplex.

Proxims certificate of incorporation and
	bylaws provide for the indemnification of its directors and
	officers to the fullest extent authorized by law against
	expenses, judgments, fines and amounts actually incurred in
	connection with the defense of any proceeding brought against
	any such person by reason of the fact that such person is or was
	a director or officer of Proxim, or is or was serving at the
	request of Proxim, as the case may be, as director or officer of
	another corporation or other entity, or who was a director or
	officer of a corporation that was a predecessor corporation of
	Proxim.

Listing

Western Multiplex common stock is listed on the
	Nasdaq National Market under the symbol WMUX.

Proxim common stock is listed on Nasdaq National
	Market under the symbol PROX.



PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF WESTERN
MULTIPLEX

The following table sets forth certain
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of Western
Multiplex common stock as of February 21, 2002 by
(w) each person or entity who Western Multiplex knows
beneficially owns more than 5% of its common stock,
(x) each executive officer of Western Multiplex,
(y) each director of Western Multiplex and (z) all
executive officers and directors of Western Multiplex as a
group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the
rules of the SEC. Percentages for each person are based on
59,291,283 shares outstanding at February 21, 2002,
plus the total number of outstanding options or warrants held by
such person that are exercisable within 60 days of such
date. Shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and
warrants, however, are not deemed outstanding for purposes of
computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

Unless otherwise indicated below, the address for
each listed director and executive officer is c/o Western
Multiplex, 1196 Borregas Avenue, Sunnyvale, California
94089.

Percent of

Amount and Nature of

Outstanding

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Beneficial Ownership

Shares

Affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C.(1)(2)

37,168,278

62.7

%

One Rockefeller Plaza

	New York, New York 10020

Jonathan N. Zakin(2)

5,078,222

8.6

%

Michael S. Seedman(3)

3,600,922

6.1

%

Timothy C. Collins(4)





Jeffrey M. Hendren(4)





Amir Zoufonoun(5)

1,992,789

3.4

%

Nancy Huber(6)

360,920

*

Fred Corsentino(7)

456,054

*

Hironori Aihara(8)

102,680

*

Michael J. Boskin(9)

102,680

*

Peter O. Crisp(10)

102,680

*

Stanley S. Shuman(11)

102,680

*

All executive officers and directors as a
	group(12)

11,899,627

20.1

%

     *

Represents less than 1.0%.

  (1) 

An affiliate of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C.
	controls Ripplewood Partners, L.P. and Ripplewood Employee
	Co-Investment Fund I, L.L.C. Therefore, the beneficial ownership
	of affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. includes
	30,992,522 shares of common stock beneficially owned by
	Ripplewood Partners, L.P. and 1,097,534 shares of common
	stock beneficially owned by Ripplewood Employee Co-Investment
	Fund I, L.L.C.

  (2) 

Includes 5,078,222 shares of common stock
	held by Jonathan N. Zakin for which Ripplewood Holdings
	L.L.C. is entitled to direct voting pursuant to a voting
	agreement entered into by certain parties including Ripplewood
	Partners, L.P., Jonathan N. Zakin and Western Multiplex.

  (3) 

Includes options to acquire 200,000 shares
	of common stock.

  (4) 

Mr. Collins is the Chief Executive Officer
	of Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. and through his affiliates may be
	deemed to control Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. Mr. Collins
	disclaims beneficial ownership of Western Multiplex common stock
	that is beneficially owned by affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings
	L.L.C., except to the extent of any pecuniary interest that he
	has in those shares. Mr. Hendren is a Managing Director of
	Ripplewood Holdings L.L.C. Mr. Hendren disclaims beneficial
	ownership of Western Multiplex common stock that is beneficially
	owned by affiliates of Ripplewood Holdings, L.L.C. The address
	of Messrs. Collins and Hendren is c/o Ripplewood Holdings
	L.L.C., One Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York 10020.



  (5) 

Includes options to acquire 852,789 shares
	of common stock.

  (6) 

Includes options to acquire 35,920 shares of
	common stock.

  (7) 

Includes options to acquire 131,054 shares
	of common stock.

  (8) 

Includes options to acquire 71,666 shares of
	common stock.

  (9) 

Includes options to acquire 71,666 shares of
	common stock.

(10) 

Includes options to acquire 71,666 shares of
	common stock.

(11) 

Includes options to acquire 71,666 shares of
	common stock.

(12) 

Includes options to acquire 1,506,427 shares
	of common stock.



PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF PROXIM

The following table sets forth certain
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of Proxim
common stock as of February 21, 2002 by (w) each
person or entity who Proxim knows beneficially owns more than 5%
of its common stock, (x) each executive officer of Proxim,
(y) each director of Proxim and (z) all executive
officers and directors of Proxim as a group. Unless otherwise
indicated below, the address for each listed director and
executive officer is c/o Proxim, 510 DeGuigne Drive,
Sunnyvale, CA 94085. Beneficial ownership is determined in
accordance with the rules of the SEC. Percentages for each
person are based on 31,383,803 shares outstanding at
February 21, 2002, plus the total number of outstanding
options or warrants held by such person that are exercisable
within 60 days of such date. Shares issuable upon exercise
of outstanding options and warrants, however, are not deemed
outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person.

Percent of

Amount and Nature of

Outstanding

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Beneficial Ownership

Shares

FMR Corp.(1)

3,811,850

12.1

%

82 Devonshire Street

	Boston, Massachusetts 02101

Kopp Investment Advisors, Inc.(2)

3,352,884

10.7

%

7701 France Avenue South, Suite 500

	Edina, MN 55435

Entities affiliated with UBS OConnor
	L.L.C.(3)

2,186,056

6.9

%

c/o UBS OConnor L.L.C.

	10 East 50th Street

	New York, NY 10022

Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.(4)

1,845,462

5.9

%

World Financial Center, North Tower

	250 Vesey Street

	New York, NY 10381

David C. King(5)

588,105

1.9

%

Raymond Chin(6)

132,082

*

Leslie G. Denend(7)

30,000

*

Jeffrey D. Saper(8)

63,694

*

Keith E. Glover(9)

329,806

1.0

%

All directors and executive officers as a
	group(10)

1,143,687

3.6

%

*

Represents less than 1%.

(1) 

Based on Schedule 13G/A filed by such beneficial
	owner with the SEC on February 14, 2002 and reflects stock
	held as of December 31, 2001, including 3,811,850 shares as
	to which FMR Corp. has sole dispositive power and 521,300
	shares as to which FMR Corp. has sole voting power.

(2) 

Based on Schedule 13G/ A filed by such
	beneficial owner with the SEC on January 30, 2002 and
	reflects stock held as of December 31, 2001, including
	2,922,884 shares as to which Kopp Investment Advisors, Inc. has
	shared dispositive power, 430,000 shares as to which Kopp
	Investment Advisors, Inc. has sole dispositive power and 739,900
	shares to which Kopp Investment Advisors, Inc. has sole voting
	power.

(3) 

Comprised of 1,093,028 shares held by PIPES
	Corporate Strategies Ltd. (PIPES), including 182,171
	shares issuable upon the exercise of a warrant, and 1,093,028
	shares held by UBS Global Equity Arbitrage Master Ltd.
	(UBS Global Equity), including 182,171 shares
	issuable upon the exercise of a warrant. UBS OConnor
	L.L.C. is a registered investment advisor for PIPES and UBS
	Global Equity and has voting and dispositive power over the
	shares held by these entities. PIPES and UBS Global Equity have
	each designated the directors of Proxim as proxies to exercise
	all



voting rights with respect to shares of Proxim
	that constitute greater than 2% of the outstanding common stock
	of Proxim entitled to vote as of the record date of such vote.
	The terms of their warrants restrict PIPES and UBS Global Equity
	from exercising if such exercise would result in ownership of
	greater than 2% of the outstanding common stock of Proxim.

(4) 

Based on Schedule 13G filed by such
	beneficial owner with the SEC on February 5, 2002 and
	reflects stock held as of December 31, 2001, including
	1,845,462 shares as to which Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. has
	shared dispositive power and 1,845,462 shares as to which
	Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. has shared voting power.

(5) 

Includes options to acquire 271,982 shares.

(6) 

Includes options to acquire 65,000 shares.

(7) 

Includes options to acquire 30,000 shares.

(8) 

Includes options to acquire 60,000 shares.

(9) 

Includes options to acquire 311,916 shares.

(10) 

Includes options to acquire 738,898 shares.

EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements of Western
Multiplex at December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, and for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001,
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus
have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public
accountants, as indicated in their reports with respect thereto,
and are incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon the
authority of said firm as experts in giving said reports.

The financial statements of Proxim, Inc.
incorporated in this proxy statement/ prospectus by reference to
the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2001, have been so incorporated in reliance on
the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent
accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in
auditing and accounting.

LEGAL AND TAX MATTERS

The validity of the shares of Western Multiplex
common stock to be issued in the merger and that are covered by
this proxy statement/prospectus will be passed upon for Western
Multiplex by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett. In addition,
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett will pass upon certain United
States federal tax consequences of the merger to Western
Multiplex stockholders. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
Professional Corporation, will pass upon certain United States
federal tax consequences of the merger to Proxim stockholders.

SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

Under Western Multiplexs certificate of
incorporation and bylaws and under applicable law, Western
Multiplex stockholders may present proper proposals for
inclusion in Western Multiplexs proxy statement and for
consideration at the next annual meeting of its stockholders by
submitting such proposals to Western Multiplex in a timely
manner. In order to be so included for the 2002 annual meeting,
stockholder proposals must comply with the requirements of
Western Multiplexs certificate of incorporation, bylaws
and applicable law.

Due to the contemplated completion of the merger,
Proxim does not currently expect to hold a 2002 annual meeting
of stockholders. If the merger is not completed and an annual
meeting is held, stockholder proposals for inclusion in proxy
materials for the meeting must be received at Proxims
principal executive offices a reasonable time before Proxim
begins to print and mail its proxy materials, pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and must
otherwise comply with the requirements of Proxims
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and applicable law.



WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Western Multiplex and Proxim file annual,
quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports,
statements or other information we file at the SECs public
reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549

Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the public reference room. Western
Multiplexs and Proxims SEC filings are also
available to the public from commercial document retrieval
services and at the Internet world wide web site maintained by
the SEC at www.sec.gov.

As allowed by SEC rules, this proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all the information you
can find in the registration statement or the exhibits to the
registration statement.

The SEC allows us to incorporate by
reference information into this proxy
statement/prospectus, which means that we can disclose important
business and financial information to you by referring you to
documents filed separately with the SEC which are not included
in or delivered with this proxy statement/prospectus. The
information incorporated by reference is deemed to be a part of
this proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information
superseded by information contained directly in this proxy
statement/prospectus. This proxy statement/prospectus
incorporates by reference the documents set forth below that we
have previously filed with the SEC. These documents contain
important information about our companies and their financial
condition.

Western Multiplexs SEC Filings

Period

(File No. 000-30993)

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Year ended December 31, 2001, filed
	February 25, 2002

Current Reports on Form 8-K

Filed January 18, 2002

The description of Western Multiplex common stock
	set forth in Western Multiplexs Registration Statement on
	Form 8-A

Filed July 11, 2000

Proxims SEC Filings

Period

(File No. 000-22700)

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Year Ended December 31, 2001, filed
	February 25, 2002

Current Reports on Form 8-K

Filed:

   January 17, 2002

   February 14, 2002

The description of Proxims Preferred Share
	Purchase Rights in Proxims registration statement on
	Form 8-A

Filed April 7, 1997 and amended
	February 22, 2002

The description of Proxims common stock set
	forth in Proxims Registration Statement on Form 8-A

Filed October 22, 1993

Western Multiplex and Proxim also incorporate by
reference into this proxy statement/ prospectus additional
documents that may be filed with the SEC from the date of this
proxy statement/ prospectus to the date of the special meetings.
These include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current
Reports on Form 8-K, as well as proxy statements.

Western Multiplex has supplied all information
contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/
prospectus relating to Western Multiplex and Proxim has supplied
all information contained or incorporated by reference in this
proxy statement/ prospectus relating to Proxim.

You may have previously received some of the
documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/
prospectus, but you can obtain any of them through us, the SEC
or the SECs Internet world wide web site as described
above. Documents incorporated by reference are available from us
without



charge, excluding all exhibits, unless we have
specifically incorporated by reference an exhibit in this proxy
statement/ prospectus. You may obtain documents incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus by requesting them
in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at the
following addresses:

Western Multiplex Corporation

1196 Borregas Avenue

	Sunnyvale, California 94089

	Tel: (408) 542-5200

	Attn: Corporate Secretary

Proxim, Inc.

510 DeGuigne Drive

	Sunnyvale, California 34085

	Tel: (408) 731-2700

	Attn: Chief Financial Officer

If you would like to request documents from us,
please do so by March 19, 2002 in order to receive them
before your special meeting.

You should rely only on the information
contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/
prospectus to vote on the issuance of Western Multiplex common
stock in connection with the merger or the adoption of the
merger agreement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you
with information that is different from what is contained in
this proxy statement/ prospectus. This proxy statement/
prospectus is dated February 25, 2002. You should not
assume that the information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that
date, and neither the mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus
to stockholders nor the issuance of Western Multiplex common
stock in the merger shall create any implication to the
contrary.

Information on Western Multiplexs Web
Sites

Information on any Western Multiplex Internet web
site or the web site of any subsidiary of Western Multiplex is
not part of this document and you should not rely on that
information in deciding whether to approve the share issuance,
unless that information is also in this document or in a
document that is incorporated by reference in this document.

Information on Proxims Web
Sites

Information on any Proxim Internet web site or
the web site of any subsidiary of Proxim is not part of this
document and you should not rely on that information in deciding
whether to approve the merger, unless that information is also
in this document or in a document that is incorporated by
reference in this document.



STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION

This proxy statement/ prospectus contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements relate to the financial condition, results of
operations, cash flows, dividends, financing plans, business
strategies, operating efficiencies or synergies, budgets,
capital and other expenditures, competitive positions, growth
opportunities for existing products, benefits from new
technology, plans and objectives of management, markets for
Western Multiplexs and Proxims stock, and other
matters. Statements in this document that are not historical
facts are identified as forward-looking statements
for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933.

These forward-looking statements, including
statements relating to future business prospects, revenues,
working capital, liquidity, capital needs, interest costs and
income, wherever they occur in this proxy statement/ prospectus,
are estimates reflecting the best judgment of the senior
management of Western Multiplex and Proxim, respectively. These
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those suggested by the forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements should, therefore, be
considered in light of various important factors, including
those set forth in this proxy statement/ prospectus. Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking
statements include, without limitation:

 

changes in technology that may increase the
	number of competitors Western Multiplex or Proxim faces or
	require significant capital expenditures to provide competitive
	products and services;

 

the effects of vigorous competition in the
	markets in which Western Multiplex and Proxim operate;

 

costs or difficulties related to the integration
	of the businesses of Western Multiplex and Proxim may be greater
	than expected;

 

the ability to enter into agreements, and the
	cost of entering new territories necessary, to provide
	international services;

 

general economic or business conditions that may
	be less favorable than expected, resulting in, among other
	things, lower than expected revenues;

 

legislative or regulatory changes may adversely
	affect the businesses in which Western Multiplex and Proxim are
	engaged;

 

adverse changes may occur in the securities
	markets;

 

the other risk factors described under Risk
	Factors beginning on page 16 in this proxy
	statement/prospectus; and

 

other factors, including, but not limited to,
	economic, key employee, competitive, regulatory, governmental
	and technological factors, which may affect Western Multiplex or
	Proxim.

When we use the words anticipate,
estimate, project, intend,
expect, plan, believe,
should, likely and similar expressions,
we are making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are found at various places throughout this proxy
statement/ prospectus and the other documents we incorporate by
reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus. We caution you
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date they were made. We do not
undertake any obligation to publicly release any revisions to
these forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

All subsequent forward-looking statements
attributable to Proxim, Western Multiplex or the combined
company or any person acting on their behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
contained or referred to in this section.



ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

among

WESTERN MULTIPLEX CORPORATION,

WALNUT-PINE MERGER CORP.

and

PROXIM, INC.

Dated as of January 16, 2002





Page

ARTICLE I  THE MERGER

A-1

1.1

The Merger

A-1

1.2

Effective Time; Closing

A-2

1.3

Effect of the Merger

A-2

1.4

Certificate of Incorporation

A-2

1.5

Effect on Capital Stock

A-2

1.6

Surrender of Certificates

A-3

1.7

No Further Ownership Rights in Proxim Common Stock

A-4

1.8

Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates

A-5

1.9

Tax Consequences

A-5

1.10

Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action

A-5

ARTICLE II  REPRESENTATIONS AND
	WARRANTIES OF PROXIM

A-5

2.1

Organization of Proxim

A-5

2.2

Proxim Capital Structure

A-5

2.3

Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock

A-6

2.4

Authority

A-6

2.5

SEC Filings; Proxim Financial Statements

A-7

2.6

Absence of Certain Changes or Events

A-8

2.7

Taxes

A-8

2.8

Proxim Intellectual Property

A-9

2.9

Compliance; Permits; Restrictions

A-11

2.10

Litigation

A-12

2.11

Brokers and Finders Fees

A-12

2.12

Employee Benefit Plans

A-12

2.13

Absence of Liens and Encumbrances

A-14

2.14

Environmental Matters

A-14

2.15

Labor Matters

A-15

2.16

Agreements, Contracts and Commitments

A-15

2.17

Title to Proxim Properties

A-16

2.18

Statements; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus

A-16

2.19

Board Approval

A-17

2.20

Opinion of Financial Advisors

A-17

2.21

Vote Required

A-17

2.22

State Takeover Statutes

A-17

2.23

Proxim Rights Agreement

A-17

ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND
	WARRANTIES OF WESTERN MULTIPLEX AND MERGER SUB

A-18

3.1

Organization of Western Multiplex

A-18

3.2

Western Multiplex Capital Structure

A-18

3.3

Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock

A-18

3.4

Authority

A-19

3.5

SEC Filings; Western Multiplex Financial
	Statements

A-20

3.6

Absence of Certain Changes or Events

A-20

-i-



Page

3.7

Taxes

A-20

3.8

Western Multiplex Intellectual Property

A-21

3.9

Compliance; Permits; Restrictions

A-24

3.10

Litigation

A-24

3.11

Brokers and Finders Fees

A-24

3.12

Employee Benefit Plans

A-24

3.13

Absence of Liens and Encumbrances

A-26

3.14

Environmental Matters

A-27

3.15

Labor Matters

A-27

3.16

Agreements, Contracts and Commitments

A-27

3.17

Title to Western Multiplex Properties

A-28

3.18

Statements; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus

A-29

3.19

Board Approval

A-29

3.20

Opinion of Financial Advisor

A-29

3.21

Vote Required

A-29

3.22

State Takeover Statutes

A-29

ARTICLE IV  CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE
	EFFECTIVE TIME

A-30

4.1

Conduct of Business by Proxim

A-30

4.2

Conduct of Business by Western Multiplex

A-32

ARTICLE V  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

A-34

5.1

Prospectus/Proxy Statement; Registration Statement

A-34

5.2

Meetings of Stockholders; Board Recommendation

A-35

5.3

Acquisition Proposals

A-36

5.4

Confidentiality; Access to Information; No
	Modification of Representations, Warranties or Covenants

A-38

5.5

Public Disclosure

A-39

5.6

Regulatory Filings; Reasonable Efforts

A-39

5.7

Notification of Certain Matters

A-40

5.8

Third-Party Consents

A-41

5.9

Stock Options and Employee Benefits

A-41

5.10

Form S-8

A-42

5.11

Indemnification

A-42

5.12

Board of Directors and Executive Officers of
	Western Multiplex; Name Change

A-42

5.13

Nasdaq Listing

A-43

5.14

Proxim Affiliates; Restrictive Legend

A-43

5.15

Treatment as Reorganization

A-43

5.16

Section 16 Matters

A-43

5.17

Assumption of Agreements

A-43

5.18

Bylaws of Proxim

A-44

5.19

Directors and Officers of the Surviving
	Corporation

A-44

ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

A-44

6.1

Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect
	the Merger

A-44

6.2

Additional Conditions to Obligations of Proxim

A-45

6.3

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of
	Western Multiplex

A-45

-ii-



Page

ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND
	WAIVER

A-46

7.1

Termination

A-46

7.2

Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination

A-48

7.3

Fees and Expenses

A-48

7.4

Amendment

A-49

7.5

Extension; Waiver

A-49

ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS

A-50

8.1

Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties

A-50

8.2

Notices

A-50

8.3

Interpretation; Knowledge

A-51

8.4

Counterparts

A-51

8.5

Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries

A-51

8.6

Severability

A-52

8.7

Other Remedies; Specific Performance

A-52

8.8

Governing Law

A-52

8.9

Rules of Construction

A-52

8.10

Assignment

A-52

8.11

Waiver of Jury Trial

A-52

INDEX OF EXHIBITS

Exhibit A

Western Multiplex Voting Agreement

Exhibit B

Proxim Voting Agreement

Exhibit C

Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement

Exhibit D

Form of Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving
	Corporation

Exhibit E

Proxim Affiliate Agreement

-iii-



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (the

Agreement
) is made and entered into as of
January 16, 2002 among Western Multiplex Corporation, a
Delaware corporation 
(Western Multiplex),

Walnut-Pine Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned direct subsidiary of Western Multiplex

(Merger Sub), 
and Proxim, Inc., a Delaware
corporation 
(Proxim).

RECITALS

A.     Upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law

(Delaware Law), 
Western Multiplex and Proxim
will enter into a business combination transaction pursuant to
which Merger Sub will merge with and into Proxim (the

Merger
).

B.     The Board of
Directors of Western Multiplex (i) has determined that the
Merger is advisable, consistent with and in furtherance of the
long-term business strategy of Western Multiplex and fair to,
and in the best interests of, Western Multiplex and its
stockholders, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
(iii) has approved and determined to recommend that the
stockholders of Western Multiplex vote to approve the issuance
of shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock (as defined below)
to the stockholders of Proxim pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement (the 
Share Issuance
).

C.     The Board of
Directors of Proxim (i) has determined that the Merger is
consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business
strategy of Proxim and fair to, and in the best interests of,
Proxim and its stockholders, (ii) has approved this Agreement,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and declared this Agreement advisable and
(iii) has determined to recommend the adoption of this
Agreement to the stockholders of Proxim.

D.     Concurrently with
the execution of this Agreement and as a condition and
inducement to Western Multiplexs and Proxims
willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain affiliates of
Western Multiplex are entering into voting agreements in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the

Western Multiplex Voting Agreements
), and
certain affiliates of Proxim are entering into voting agreements
in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the

Proxim Voting Agreements
 and, collectively
with the Western Multiplex Voting Agreements, the

Voting Agreements
).

E.     Concurrently with
the execution of this Agreement and as a condition and
inducement to Proxims willingness to enter into this
Agreement, WMC Holding L.L.C. and GTI Acquisition Corporation
are entering into an Amended and Restated Stockholders
Agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as
Exhibit C (the 
Amended Stockholders
Agreement
), such agreement to be effective upon
consummation of the Merger.

F.     For United States
federal income tax purposes, the parties intend, by executing
this Agreement, to adopt a plan of reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the 
Code
).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
covenants, promises and representations set forth herein, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

1.1     
The Merger.

At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2) and
subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and the applicable provisions of Delaware Law, Merger Sub shall
be merged with and into Proxim, the separate corporate existence
of Merger Sub shall cease and Proxim

A-1



shall continue as the surviving corporation.
Proxim as the surviving corporation after the Merger is
hereinafter sometimes referred to as the 
Surviving
Corporation.

1.2     
Effective
Time; Closing. 
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by
filing a Certificate of Merger (the 
Certificate of
Merger
) with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of Delaware
Law (the time of such filing with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware (or such later time as may be agreed in
writing by the parties and specified in the Certificate of
Merger) being the 
Effective Time
) as soon as
practicable on or after the Closing Date (as herein defined).
The closing of the Merger (the 
Closing
) shall
take place at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, Professional Corporation, located at 650 Page Mill Road,
Palo Alto, California, at a time and date to be specified by the
parties, which shall be no later than the second business day
after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article VI, or at such other time, date and location as the
parties hereto agree in writing (the 
Closing
Date
).

1.3     
Effect of the
Merger. 
At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable
provisions of Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all
the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of
Proxim and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation,
and all debts, liabilities and duties of Proxim and Merger Sub
shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving
Corporation.

1.4     
Certificate
of Incorporation. 
At the Effective Time, the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended so
as to read in its entirety in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit D.

1.5     
Effect on
Capital Stock. 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of Merger Sub, Proxim or the
holders of any of the following securities, the following shall
occur:

(a) 
Conversion of Proxim Common Stock.

Each share of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of
	Proxim (the 
Proxim Common Stock
), issued and
	outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
	any shares of Proxim Common Stock to be canceled pursuant to
	Section 1.5(b)), together with any associated Proxim Rights
	(as defined in Section 2.23) under the Proxim Rights
	Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23), will be canceled
	and extinguished and automatically converted (subject to
	Sections 1.5(e) and 1.5(f)) into the right to receive
	1.8896 (the 
Exchange Ratio
) shares of Class A
	common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Western Multiplex
	(the 
Western Multiplex Common Stock
) upon
	surrender of the certificate representing such share of Proxim
	Common Stock in the manner provided in Section 1.6 (or in
	the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, upon
	delivery of an affidavit (and bond, if required)) in the manner
	provided in Section 1.8).

(b) 
Cancellation of Treasury and Western
	Multiplex-Owned Stock. 
Each share of Proxim Common Stock
	held in the treasury of Proxim or owned by Merger Sub or Western
	Multiplex immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
	canceled and extinguished without any conversion thereof.

(c) 
Stock Options. 
The parties shall
	take all requisite action such that, at the Effective Time, all
	options to purchase Proxim Common Stock then outstanding (the

Proxim Options
) under Proxims 1986
	Stock Option Plan, 1994 Director Option Plan, 1995 Long-Term
	Incentive Plan and 1999 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan
	(collectively, the 
Proxim Stock Option Plans
)
	shall be assumed by Western Multiplex in accordance with
	Section 5.9 hereof. Prior to the Closing Date, the Board of
	Directors of Western Multiplex shall take all necessary action
	to assume and adopt, as of the Closing Date, Proxims 1995
	Long-Term Incentive Plan, and shall have the discretion to
	adopt, as of the Closing Date, any other Proxim Stock Option
	Plan. Rights outstanding under Proxims 1993 Employee Stock
	Purchase Plan shall be treated as set forth in Section 5.9
	hereof.

A-2



(d) 
Capital Stock of Merger Sub. 
Each
	share of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of Merger Sub
	issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
	shall be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued,
	fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, $0.01 par
	value, of the Surviving Corporation. Each stock certificate of
	Merger Sub evidencing ownership of any such shares shall
	continue to evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock
	of the Surviving Corporation.

(e) 
Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.

The Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted to reflect
	appropriately the effect of any stock split, reverse stock
	split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of
	securities convertible into Western Multiplex Common Stock or
	Proxim Common Stock), extraordinary cash dividends,
	reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination,
	exchange of shares or other like change with respect to Western
	Multiplex Common Stock or Proxim Common Stock occurring on or
	after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.

(f) 
Fractional Shares. 
No fraction of
	a share of Western Multiplex Common Stock will be issued by
	virtue of the Merger, but in lieu thereof, each holder of shares
	of Proxim Common Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a
	fraction of a share of Western Multiplex Common Stock (after
	aggregating all fractional shares of Western Multiplex Common
	Stock to be received by such holder) shall receive from Western
	Multiplex an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent),
	without interest, equal to the product of (i) such
	fraction, multiplied by (ii) the average closing price of one
	share of Western Multiplex Common Stock for the five
	(5) most recent days that Western Multiplex Common Stock
	has traded ending on the trading day immediately prior to the
	Effective Time, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market System

(Nasdaq).

1.6     
Surrender of
Certificates.

(a) 
Exchange Agent.
 Western Multiplex
	shall select an institution reasonably satisfactory to Proxim to
	act as the exchange agent (the 
Exchange
	Agent
) in the Merger.

(b) 
Western Multiplex to Provide Common
	Stock. 
Promptly after the Effective Time, Western Multiplex
	shall make available to the Exchange Agent for exchange in
	accordance with this Article I, (i) certificates for
	the shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock issuable pursuant
	to Section 1.5 in exchange for outstanding shares of Proxim
	Common Stock, (ii) cash in an amount sufficient for payment
	in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.5(f) and
	(iii) any dividends or distributions to which holders of
	shares of Proxim Common Stock may be entitled pursuant to
	Section 1.6(d).

(c) 
Exchange Procedures. 
Promptly
	after the Effective Time, Western Multiplex shall cause the
	Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record (as of the
	Effective Time) of a certificate or certificates (the

Certificates
) that immediately prior to the
	Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Proxim Common
	Stock whose shares were converted into the right to receive
	shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock pursuant to
	Section 1.5, cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant
	to Section 1.5(f) and any dividends or other distributions
	pursuant to Section 1.6(d), (i) a letter of
	transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be
	effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall
	pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange
	Agent and shall be in such form and have such other provisions
	as Western Multiplex may reasonably specify) and
	(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the
	Certificates in exchange for certificates representing whole
	shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock, cash in lieu of any
	fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.5(f) and any
	dividends or other distributions pursuant to
	Section 1.6(d). Upon surrender of Certificates for
	cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or
	agents as may be appointed by Western Multiplex, together with
	such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed
	in accordance with the instructions thereto and such other
	documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent,
	the holders of such Certificates shall be entitled to receive in
	exchange therefor certificates representing the number of whole
	shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock (after taking into
	account all Certificates surrendered by such holder) to which
	such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.5(a) (which,
	other than for Proxim Affiliates shall be in uncertificated book
	entry form unless a physical certificate is requested or is
	otherwise required

A-3



by applicable law rule or regulation), payment in
	lieu of fractional shares which such holder has the right to
	receive pursuant to Section 1.5(f) and any dividends or
	distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.6(d), and the
	Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. Until
	so surrendered, outstanding Certificates will be deemed from and
	after the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, to
	evidence only the right to receive, upon due surrender thereof,
	the number of full shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock
	issuable pursuant to Section 1.5, cash in lieu of the
	issuance of any fractional shares in accordance with
	Section 1.5(f) and any dividends or distributions payable
	pursuant to Section 1.6(d).

(d) 
Distributions With Respect to
	Unexchanged Shares. 
No dividends or other distributions
	declared or made after the date of this Agreement with respect
	to Western Multiplex Common Stock with a record date after the
	Effective Time and no payment in lieu of fractional shares
	pursuant to Section 1.5(f) will be paid to the holders of any
	unsurrendered Certificates with respect to the shares of Western
	Multiplex Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.5,
	until such Certificates shall have been duly surrendered.
	Subject to applicable law, following surrender of any such
	Certificates, the Exchange Agent or any other agent designated
	by Western Multiplex shall deliver to the holders thereof,
	without interest, (i) promptly after such surrender, the
	number of whole shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock issued
	in exchange therefor along with payment in lieu of fractional
	shares pursuant to Section 1.5(f) and the amount of any such
	dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
	Effective Time and theretofore paid with respect to such whole
	shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock and (ii) at the
	appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other
	distributions with a record date after the Effective Time and a
	payment date subsequent to such surrender payable with respect
	to such whole shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock.

(e) 
Transfers of Ownership. 
If
	certificates for shares of Western Multiplex Common Stock are to
	be issued in a name other than that in which the Certificates
	surrendered in exchange therefor are registered, it will be a
	condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificates so
	surrendered will be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper
	form for transfer and that the persons requesting such exchange
	will have paid to Western Multiplex or any agent designated by
	it any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
	issuance of certificates for shares of Western Multiplex Common
	Stock in any name other than that of the registered holders of
	the Certificates surrendered, or established to the satisfaction
	of Western Multiplex or any agent designated by it that such tax
	has been paid or is not payable.

(f) 
Required Withholding. 
Each of
	Western Multiplex, the Exchange Agent and the Surviving
	Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
	consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this
	Agreement to any former holder of Proxim Common Stock such
	amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld therefrom
	under the Code or under any provision of state, local or foreign
	Tax law or under any other applicable legal requirement. To the
	extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld, the amount of
	such consideration shall be treated for all purposes under this
	Agreement as having been paid to the person to whom such
	consideration would otherwise have been paid.

(g) 
No Liability. 
Notwithstanding
	anything to the contrary in this Section 1.6, none of the
	Exchange Agent, Western Multiplex, the Surviving Corporation or
	any party hereto shall be liable to a holder of shares of
	Western Multiplex Common Stock or Proxim Common Stock for any
	amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to any
	applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

1.7     
No Further
Ownership Rights in Proxim Common Stock. 
All shares of
Western Multiplex Common Stock issued in accordance with the
terms hereof (including any cash paid in respect thereof
pursuant to Section 1.5(f) and 1.6(d)) shall be deemed to
have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining
to such shares of Proxim Common Stock, and there shall be no
further registration of transfers on the records of the
Surviving Corporation of shares of Proxim Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after
the Effective Time, Certificates are presented

A-4



to the Surviving Corporation for any reason, they
shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this
Article I.

1.8     
Lost, Stolen
or Destroyed Certificates. 
In the event any Certificates
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent
shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificates, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by
the holder thereof, such shares of Western Multiplex Common
Stock, cash for fractional shares, if any, as may be required
pursuant to Section 1.5(f) and any dividends or
distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.6(d);

provided, however, 
that Western Multiplex may, in its
discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof,
require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates
to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against Western
Multiplex, Proxim or the Exchange Agent with respect to the
Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

1.9     
Tax
Consequences. 
It is intended by the parties hereto that the
Merger shall constitute a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368 of the Code. The parties hereto adopt this
Agreement as a plan of reorganization within the
meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and
1.368-3(a).

1.10     
Taking of
Necessary Action; Further Action. 
If, at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to
carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the
Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession to
all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of Proxim and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of Proxim
and Merger Sub will take all such lawful and necessary action.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PROXIM

Proxim represents and warrants to Western
Multiplex and Merger Sub, subject to the exceptions specifically
disclosed in writing in the disclosure letter supplied by Proxim
to Western Multiplex (the 
Proxim Disclosure
Letter
) and specific statements of historical fact
disclosed in the Proxim SEC Reports (to the extent the relevance
of the disclosure in the Proxim SEC Report to a representation
and warranty is reasonably apparent), as follows:

2.1     
Organization
of Proxim.

(a) Proxim and each of its subsidiaries is a
	corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
	standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
	incorporation; has the corporate power and authority to own,
	lease and operate its assets and property and to carry on its
	business as now being conducted and as proposed to be conducted;
	and is duly qualified to do business and in good standing as a
	foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the failure to
	be so qualified, individually or in the aggregate, would have a
	Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.3) on
	Proxim.

(b) Proxim has delivered to Western
	Multiplex a true and complete list of all of Proxims
	subsidiaries, indicating the jurisdiction of incorporation of
	each subsidiary and Proxims equity interest therein.

(c) Proxim has delivered or made available
	to Western Multiplex a true and correct copy of the Certificate
	of Incorporation and bylaws of Proxim and similar governing
	instruments of each of its material subsidiaries, each as
	amended to date, and each such instrument is in full force and
	effect. Neither Proxim nor any of its subsidiaries is in
	violation of any of the provisions of its Certificate of
	Incorporation or bylaws or equivalent governing instruments.

2.2     
Proxim
Capital Structure.
 As of January 11, 2002, the
authorized capital stock of Proxim consisted of
100,000,000 shares of Proxim Common Stock, of which
31,366,656 shares were issued and outstanding and
5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of which no shares are issued or outstanding. All
outstanding shares of Proxim Common Stock are duly authorized,
validly issued,

A-5



fully paid and non-assessable and are not subject
to preemptive rights created by statute, the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of Proxim or any agreement or document
to which Proxim is a party or by which it is bound. As of
January 11, 2002, Proxim had reserved an aggregate of
14,162,812 shares of Proxim Common Stock, net of exercises,
for issuance to employees, consultants and non-employee
directors pursuant to the Proxim Stock Option Plans, under which
options are outstanding for 8,579,089 shares and under
which 5,583,723 shares are available for grant. All shares
of Proxim Common Stock subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon
issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the
instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, would be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

2.3     
Obligations
With Respect to Capital Stock.
 As of the date hereof, except
as set forth in Section 2.2, there are no equity
securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests
of any class of Proxim, or any securities exchangeable or
convertible into or exercisable for such equity securities,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests issued,
reserved for issuance or outstanding. As of the date hereof,
except for securities Proxim owns, directly or indirectly
through one or more subsidiaries, there are no equity
securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests
of any class of any subsidiary of Proxim, or any security
exchangeable or convertible into or exercisable for such equity
securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. As of the date
hereof, except as set forth in Section 2.2, there are no
options, warrants, equity securities, partnership interests or
similar ownership interests, calls, rights (including preemptive
rights), commitments or agreements of any character to which
Proxim or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is
bound obligating Proxim or any of its subsidiaries to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or cause the
repurchase, redemption or acquisition, of any shares of capital
stock of Proxim or any of its subsidiaries or obligating Proxim
or any of its subsidiaries to grant, extend, accelerate the
vesting of or enter into any such option, warrant, equity
security, partnership interest or similar ownership interest,
call, right, commitment or agreement. There are no registration
rights and, to the Knowledge of Proxim there are no voting
trusts, proxies or other agreements or understandings with
respect to any equity security of any class of Proxim or with
respect to any equity security, partnership interest or similar
ownership interest of any class of any of its subsidiaries.

2.4     
Authority.

(a) Proxim has all requisite corporate power
	and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the
	transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of
	this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
	contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
	corporate action on the part of Proxim, subject only to the
	adoption of this Agreement by Proxims stockholders and the
	filing and recordation of the Certificate of Merger pursuant to
	Delaware Law. This Agreement has been duly executed and
	delivered by Proxim and, assuming the due authorization,
	execution and delivery by Western Multiplex and Merger Sub,
	constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Proxim,
	enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
	enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy and other similar
	laws and general principles of equity. The execution and
	delivery of this Agreement by Proxim does not, and the
	performance of this Agreement by Proxim will not,
	(i) conflict with or violate the Certificate of
	Incorporation or bylaws of Proxim or the equivalent
	organizational documents of any of its subsidiaries,
	(ii) subject to obtaining the adoption of this Agreement by
	Proxims stockholders as contemplated in Section 5.2
	(the 
Proxim Stockholder Approval
) and
	compliance with the requirements set forth in
	Section 2.4(b) below, conflict with or violate any law,
	rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (each a

Legal Requirement
) applicable to Proxim or
	any of its subsidiaries or by which its or any of their
	respective properties is bound or affected, or (iii) result
	in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with
	notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
	or impair Proxims rights or alter the rights or
	obligations of Proxim or any third party under, or give to
	others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
	cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or
	encumbrance on any of the properties, including any leased real
	property, or assets of Proxim or any of its subsidiaries
	pursuant to, any Proxim Contract (as defined in
	Section 2.16), except as individually or in the aggregate
	would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
	Effect. The Proxim

A-6



Disclosure Letter lists all material consents,
	waivers and approvals under any of Proxims or any of its
	subsidiaries agreements, contracts, licenses or leases
	required to be obtained in connection with the consummation of
	the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) No consent, approval, order or
	authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with
	any court, administrative agency or commission or other
	governmental authority or instrumentality 
(Governmental
	Entity)
 is required by or with respect to Proxim in
	connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or
	the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except
	for (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
	Secretary of State of Delaware, (ii) the filing of the
	Joint Proxy Statement (as defined in Section 2.20) with the
	SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
	amended (the 
Exchange Act
), to be included in
	the Form S-4 Registration Statement (the

Registration Statement
) to be filed by
	Western Multiplex with the Securities and Exchange Commission

(SEC)
 in accordance with the Securities Act
	of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act
), and
	the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, (iii) such
	consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,
	declarations and filings as may be required under applicable
	federal and state securities laws and the Hart-Scott-Rodino
	Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the 
HSR
	Act
) and the comparable laws of any foreign country
	reasonably determined by the parties to be required and
	(iv) such other consents, authorizations, filings,
	approvals and registrations which, if not obtained or made,
	would not be material to Proxim or Western Multiplex or have a
	material adverse effect on the ability of the parties to
	consummate the Merger. The consents, approvals, orders,
	authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings set
	forth in (i) through (iii) are referred to herein as
	the 
Necessary Consents
.

2.5     
SEC Filings;
Proxim Financial Statements.

(a) Proxim has filed all forms, reports and
	documents required to be filed by Proxim with the SEC since
	January 1, 1999, and has made available to Western
	Multiplex such forms, reports and documents in the form filed
	with the SEC. All such required forms, reports and documents
	(including those that Proxim may file subsequent to the date
	hereof) are referred to herein as the 
Proxim SEC
	Reports.
 As of their respective dates, the Proxim SEC
	Reports (i) were prepared in accordance with the
	requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the
	case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder
	applicable to such Proxim SEC Reports, and (ii) did not at
	the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a
	filing before the date of this Agreement, then on the date of
	such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
	omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
	necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
	of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
	None of Proxims subsidiaries is required to file any
	forms, reports or other documents with the SEC.

(b) Each of the consolidated financial
	statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto)
	contained in the Proxim SEC Reports (the 
Proxim
	Financials
), including any Proxim SEC Reports filed
	after the date hereof until the Closing, (i) complied as to
	form in all material respects with the published rules and
	regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) was
	prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
	principles 
(GAAP) 
applied on a consistent
	basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be
	indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited
	interim financial statements, as may be permitted by the SEC on
	Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act) and (iii) fairly
	presented the consolidated financial position of Proxim and its
	subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the
	consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the
	periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial
	statements were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end
	adjustments which were not, or are not expected to be, material
	in amount. The balance sheet of Proxim contained in the Proxim
	SEC Reports as of September 30, 2001 is hereinafter
	referred to as the 
Proxim Balance Sheet.

	Except as disclosed in the Proxim Financials, neither Proxim nor
	any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities (absolute, accrued,
	contingent or otherwise) of a nature required to be disclosed on
	a balance sheet or in the related notes to the consolidated
	financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP which are,
	individually or in the aggregate, material to the business,
	results of operations or financial condition of Proxim and its

A-7



subsidiaries taken as a whole, except liabilities
	incurred since the date of the Proxim Balance Sheet in the
	ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.

(c) Proxim has heretofore furnished to
	Western Multiplex a complete and correct copy of any amendments
	or modifications that have not yet been filed with the SEC but
	that are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or other
	instruments that previously had been filed by Proxim with the
	SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

2.6     
Absence of
Certain Changes or Events.
 Since the date of the Proxim
Balance Sheet, there has not been: (i) any Material Adverse
Effect on Proxim, (ii) any change by Proxim in its
accounting methods, principles or practices, except as required
by concurrent changes in GAAP, or (iii) any revaluation by
Proxim of any of its assets, including, without limitation,
writing down the value of capitalized inventory or writing off
notes or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course
of business.

2.7     
Taxes.

(a) 
Definition of Taxes. 
For the
	purposes of this Agreement, 
Tax
 or

Taxes
 refers to any and all federal, state,
	local and foreign taxes, assessments and other governmental
	charges, duties, impositions and liabilities, including taxes
	based upon or measured by gross receipts, income, profits,
	sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad valorem,
	transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture,
	employment, excise and property taxes, together with all
	interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such
	amounts.

(b) 
Tax Returns and Audits.

(i) Proxim and each of its subsidiaries have
	timely filed all federal, state, local and foreign returns,
	estimates, information statements and reports

(Returns)
 relating to Taxes required to be
	filed by Proxim and each of its subsidiaries with any Tax
	authority, except such Returns that are not material to Proxim.
	Such Returns are true and correct in all material respects and
	have been completed in accordance with applicable law. Proxim
	and each of its subsidiaries have paid all Taxes shown to be due
	on such Returns.

(ii) Proxim and each of its subsidiaries as
	of the Effective Time will have withheld with respect to its
	employees (and timely paid over to the appropriate Taxing
	authority) all federal and state income taxes, Taxes pursuant to
	the Federal Insurance Contribution Act 
(FICA)

	and the Federal Unemployment Tax Act 
(FUTA)

	and other Taxes required to be withheld, except such Taxes that
	are not material to Proxim.

(iii) Neither Proxim nor any of its
	subsidiaries has been delinquent in the payment of any material
	Tax nor is there any material Tax deficiency or adjustment
	outstanding, proposed or assessed against Proxim or any of its
	subsidiaries, nor has Proxim or any of its subsidiaries executed
	any unexpired waiver of any statute of limitations on or
	extending the period for the assessment or collection of any
	material Tax.

(iv) No audit or other examination of any
	material Return of Proxim or any of its subsidiaries by any Tax
	authority is presently in progress, nor has Proxim or any of its
	subsidiaries been notified in writing of any request for such an
	audit or other examination.

(v) As of September 30, 2001, neither
	Proxim nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability for any
	material unpaid Taxes that has not been accrued or reserved on
	the Proxim Balance Sheet in accordance with GAAP, whether
	asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise. Since
	September 30, 2001, neither Proxim nor any of its
	subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any material Taxes
	other than in the ordinary course of business.

(vi) There is no contract, agreement, plan
	or arrangement to which Proxim or any of its subsidiaries is a
	party as of the date of this Agreement, including but not
	limited to the provisions of this Agreement, covering any
	employee or former employee of Proxim or any of its

A-8



subsidiaries that, individually or collectively,
	would reasonably be expected to give rise to the payment of any
	amount in excess of $250,000 that would not be deductible
	pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or 162(m) of the Code. There
	is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which Proxim
	is a party or by which it is bound to compensate any individual
	for excise taxes paid pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code.

(vii) Neither Proxim nor any of its
	subsidiaries (a) is party to or has any obligation under
	any Tax sharing, indemnity or allocation agreement or
	arrangement, (b) has ever been a member of an affiliated
	group (within the meaning of Code  1504(a)) filing a
	consolidated federal income Tax Return (other than a group the
	common parent of which was Proxim), or (c) has any
	liability for the Taxes of any person (other than Proxim or any
	of its subsidiaries) under Treas. Reg.  1.1502-6 (or
	any similar provision of state, local or foreign law), as a
	transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise.

(viii) Neither Proxim nor any of its
	subsidiaries has constituted either a distributing
	corporation or a controlled corporation in a
	distribution of stock intended to qualify for tax-free treatment
	under Section 355 of the Code (x) in the two years
	prior to the date of this Agreement or (y) in a
	distribution which could otherwise constitute part of a
	plan or series of related transactions
	(within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in
	conjunction with the Merger.

2.8     
Proxim
Intellectual Property.
 For the purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms have the following definitions:

Intellectual
Property
 shall mean any or all
of the following and all rights in, arising out of, or
associated therewith: (i) all United States, international
and foreign patents and applications therefor and all reissues,
divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and
continuations-in-part thereof 
(Patents);

(ii) all inventions (whether patentable or not), invention
disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary
information, know how, technology, technical data and customer
lists, and all documentation relating to any of the foregoing;
(iii) all copyrights, copyrights registrations and
applications therefor, and all other rights corresponding
thereto throughout the world 
(Copyrights);

(iv) all industrial designs and any registrations and
applications therefor throughout the world; (v) all trade
names, logos, common law trademarks and service marks, trademark
and service mark registrations and applications therefor
throughout the world 
(Trademarks);

(vi) all databases and data collections and all rights
therein throughout the world; (vii) all moral and economic
rights of authors and inventors, however denominated, throughout
the world, and (viii) any similar or equivalent rights to
any of the foregoing anywhere in the world.

Registered Intellectual
Property
 means all United
States, international and foreign: (i) Patents (including
applications and provisional applications); (ii) registered
Trademarks, applications to register Trademarks, intent-to-use
applications, or other registrations or applications related to
Trademarks; (iii) registered Copyrights and applications
for Copyright registration; and (iv) any other Intellectual
Property that is the subject of an application, certificate,
filing, registration or other document issued, filed with, or
recorded by any state, government or other public legal
authority.

Proxim Intellectual
Property
 shall mean any
Intellectual Property that is owned or used by Proxim in the
conduct of its business, as currently conducted and currently
proposed to be conducted.

Proxim Registered Intellectual
Property
 means all of the
Registered Intellectual Property owned by, or filed in the name
of, Proxim or any of its subsidiaries.

(a) Except with respect to Proxim Registered
	Intellectual Property that Proxim intentionally abandoned and/or
	is no longer used by or intended to be used by Proxim which
	exception shall include, without limitation, Proxim Registered
	Intellectual Property acquired in its acquisitions of Card
	Access, Inc., Wavespan, Inc., and Farallon Communications, Inc.,
	Schedule 2.8(a) lists all Registered Intellectual Property
	owned by, filed in the name of, or applied for, by Proxim (the

Proxim Registered Intellectual Property
	Rights
) and lists any proceedings or actions before any

A-9



court, tribunal (including the United States
	Patent and Trademark Office (the 
PTO
) or
	equivalent authority anywhere in the world) related to any of
	Proxim Registered Intellectual Property Rights.

(b) During the five (5)-year period
	immediately prior to the date hereof and, to the knowledge of
	Proxim after reasonable inquiry, during any time prior to the
	five (5)-year period immediately preceding the date hereof, no
	Proxim Intellectual Property or product or service that is owned
	by Proxim or any of its subsidiaries is currently or was subject
	to any order, judgment, or decree brought against it that
	restricted in any manner the use, transfer, or licensing thereof
	by Proxim or any of its subsidiaries in a manner that would
	reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that
	limits the ownership, the validity, use or enforceability of any
	Proxim Intellectual Property that is owned by Proxim in a manner
	that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
	Effect.

(c) Except with respect to Proxim Registered
	Intellectual Property that Proxim intentionally abandoned and/or
	is no longer used by or intended to be used by Proxim which
	exception shall include, without limitation, Proxim Registered
	Intellectual Property acquired in its acquisitions of Card
	Access, Inc., Wavespan, Inc., and Farallon Communications, Inc.,
	each material item of Proxim Registered Intellectual Property is
	valid and subsisting, all necessary registration, maintenance
	and renewal fees currently due in connection with such Proxim
	Registered Intellectual Property have been made and all
	necessary documents, recordations and certificates in connection
	with such Proxim Registered Intellectual Property have been
	filed with the PTO or United States Copyright Office and other
	equivalent authorities in foreign jurisdictions, as the case may
	be, for the purposes of maintaining such Proxim Registered
	Intellectual Property. Except as set forth on
	Schedule 2.8(c), there are no actions that must be taken by
	Proxim within ninety (90) days of the Closing Date,
	including the payment of any registration, maintenance or
	renewal fees or the filing of any responses to PTO office
	actions, documents, applications or certificates for the
	purposes of obtaining, maintaining, perfecting or preserving or
	renewing any Registered Intellectual Property Rights.

(d) Other than inbound
	shrink-wrap and similar publicly available
	commercial binary code end-user licenses, Section 2.8(d) of
	the Proxim Schedules lists all material contracts, licenses and
	agreements to which Proxim and any of its subsidiaries is a
	party with respect to any material Proxim Intellectual Property

(Proxim Material IP Contracts).

(e) Proxim owns and has good and exclusive
	title to, or has license (sufficient for the conduct of its
	business as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted)
	to use each material item of Proxim Intellectual Property, free
	and clear of any lien or encumbrance; 
provided, however,

that claims of infringement or misappropriation of Proxim
	Intellectual Property shall not be deemed liens or encumbrances
	for the purpose of this Section 2.8(e).

(f) With respect to material Proxim
	Intellectual Property owned by Proxim that has been developed or
	created by a third party for Proxim or any of its subsidiaries,
	Proxim has a written agreement with such third party with
	respect thereto, whereby Proxim has obtained ownership of all
	such material Proxim Intellectual Property as between Proxim and
	the third party, and is the exclusive owner of all of that third
	partys rights in such material Proxim Intellectual
	Property.

(g) Except as set forth on
	Schedule 2.8(g), in the five (5) years prior to the
	date hereof, neither Proxim nor any of its subsidiaries
	(i) has transferred ownership of any Intellectual Property
	that was material Proxim Intellectual Property to any third
	party, or (ii) granted any exclusive license with respect
	to any Intellectual Property that is or was material Proxim
	Intellectual Property owned by Proxim, to any third party.

(h) To the knowledge of Proxim after
	reasonable inquiry, all Proxim Material IP Contracts are in full
	force and effect. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.8(h),
	to the knowledge of Proxim after reasonable inquiry, the
	consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
	will neither violate nor result in the breach, modification,
	cancellation, termination or suspension of any Proxim Material
	IP Contract. Proxim and each of its subsidiaries is in material
	compliance with, and has not materially breached any term of any
	Proxim Material IP Contract and, to the knowledge of Proxim

A-10



after reasonable inquiry, all other parties to
	such Proxim Material IP Contracts are in compliance with, and
	have not materially breached any term of such Proxim Material IP
	Contracts.

(i) Following the Closing Date, the
	Surviving Corporation will be permitted to exercise all of
	Proxims and each of its subsidiaries rights under
	such Proxim Material IP Contracts (a) to the same extent
	Proxim and its subsidiaries would have been able to had the
	transactions contemplated by this Agreement not occurred, and
	(b) without the payment of any additional amounts or
	consideration other than the same amount of ongoing fees,
	royalties or payments which Proxim or its subsidiaries would
	otherwise be required to pay. Except as set forth in
	Schedule 2.8(i), neither this Agreement nor the
	transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the
	assignment to Western Multiplex or Merger Sub by operation of
	law or otherwise of any Proxim Material IP Contracts will result
	in (x) either Western Multiplexs or the Merger
	Subs granting to any third party any right to or with
	respect to any material Intellectual Property that is owned by
	Proxim; or (y) either Western Multiplexs or the
	Merger Subs being bound by, or subject to, any non-compete
	or other material restriction on the operation or scope of their
	respective businesses.

(j) To the knowledge of Proxim after
	reasonable inquiry, the products, services and the operation of
	the business of Proxim and its subsidiaries as such business
	currently is conducted, including Proxims and its
	subsidiaries design, development, manufacture, marketing
	and sale of the products or services of Proxim and its
	subsidiaries (including products currently under development)
	has not and does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise
	violate the Intellectual Property of any third party or, to the
	knowledge of Proxim after reasonable inquiry, constitute unfair
	competition or trade practices under the laws of any
	jurisdiction.

(k) Except as set forth in
	Schedule 2.8(k), neither Proxim nor any of its subsidiaries
	has received notice from any third party alleging that the
	operation of the business of Proxim or any of its subsidiaries
	or any act, product or service of Proxim or any of its
	subsidiaries, infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates
	the Intellectual Property of any third party or constitutes
	unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any
	jurisdiction in a manner that would reasonably be expected to