URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/717238/000091205702011106/0000912057-02-011106.txt

ILM NUMBER:		02582432

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2301 COMMONWEALTH BLVD
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3139132509

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2301 COMMONWEALTH BLVD
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48105

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MSC SOFTWARE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000717238
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				952239450
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 COLORADO BLVD
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90041
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3232589111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 COLORADO BOULEVARD
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90041

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MACNEAL SCHWENDLER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

SC TO-T

a2073702zscto-t.htm

SC TO-T

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

SCHEDULE TO  

TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(D)(1) OR 13(E)(1)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC.

(Name of Subject Company (Issuer)) 

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

MSC ACQUISITION II CORP.

(Names of Filing PersonsOfferors) 

COMMON STOCK, NO PAR VALUE

(Title of Class of Securities) 

583521 10 9

(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

Louis Greco, Chief Financial Officer

MSC.Software Corporation

2 MacArthur Place

Santa Ana, California 92707

TELEPHONE: (714) 540-8900

(Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person Authorized

to Receive Notices and Communications on Behalf of Filing Persons) 

COPY
TO: 

Richard Boehmer, Esq.

O'Melveny & Myers LLP

400 S. Hope Street Los Angeles, California, 90071

TELEPHONE: (213) 430-6000  

CALCULATION OF FILING FEE: 

TRANSACTION VALUATION*

AMOUNT OF FILING FEE**

$134,180,700

$12,345

  *

For purposes of calculating amount of filing fee only. Based on the offer to purchase 7,118,340 shares of common stock, no par value, of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. at a purchase price of $18.85 per share net to the seller in
cash, without interest. Such number of shares represents the total of shares issued and outstanding and subject to options as of March 6, 2002.

**

The amount of the filing fee calculated in accordance with H.R. 1088, the "Investor and Capital Markets Fee Relief Act", equals $92 per million of the transaction valuation.

o

Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and
the date of its filing.

Amount Previously Paid:

None

Filing Party:

Not applicable

Form or Registration No.:

Not applicable

Date Filed:

Not applicable

o

Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer:

o

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the statement relates:


    third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.

o
    issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

o
    going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.

o
    amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2.

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results of the tender offer:    
o

SCHEDULE TO    

        This
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO ("Schedule TO") relates to the offer by MSC Acquisition II Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of
MSC.Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("MSC"), to purchase (1) all outstanding shares ("Shares") of common stock, no par value, of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., a Michigan
corporation ("Mechanical Dynamics"), at a price of $18.85 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase (the
"Offer to Purchase") dated March 22, 2002, and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any supplements or amendments, collectively constitute the "Offer"), copies of which are
attached as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and (a)(1)(B) hereto, respectively. This Schedule TO is being filed on behalf of the Purchaser and MSC. 

        The
information set forth in the Offer to Purchase, including Schedule I thereto, is hereby incorporated by reference in answer to Items 1 through 11 of this Schedule TO, and is
supplemented by the information specifically provided herein. The Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 15, 2002, among Mechanical Dynamics, MSC and Purchaser, a copy of which is
attached as Exhibit (d)(1) hereto, the Voting Agreements, dated as of March 15, 2002, between MSC and certain shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics, copies of which are attached as
Exhibit (d)(2) hereto, and the Stock Option Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2002, between Mechanical Dynamics and MSC, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (d)(3) hereto, are
incorporated by reference with respect to Items 5, 6, 8 and 11 of Schedule TO. 

ITEM 3.    IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF FILING PERSON. 

        During
the last five years, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser and MSC, none of the persons listed on Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase (i) has been convicted in a
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors) or (ii) was a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without
sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a
finding of violations of such laws. 

ITEM 5.    PAST CONTACTS, TRANSACTIONS, NEGOTIATIONS AND AGREEMENTS. 

        Except
as described in the Offer to Purchase, during the past two years there have not been any negotiations, transactions or material contacts between the Purchaser or MSC or, to the
best knowledge of the Purchaser or MSC any of the persons listed in Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and Mechanical Dynamics or any of its directors, executive officers or
affiliates, on the other hand, that are required to be disclosed pursuant to this item. 

ITEM 8.    INTEREST IN SECURITIES OF THE SUBJECT COMPANY. 

        As
of March 22, 2002, MSC owns 42,000 Shares and none of the Purchaser nor, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser or MSC, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to
the Offer to Purchase, or any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser or MSC or any of the persons listed in Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase, beneficially owns any equity
security of Mechanical Dynamics; and none of the Purchaser nor, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser or MSC, any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser or MSC, has effected any
transaction in any equity security of Mechanical Dynamics during the past 60 days. 

        During
the past 60 days MSC has effected the following purchases of Shares through open market purchases: 

Date

Number of Shares

Acquired

Price per

Share

($)

01/24/02

1,300

12.25

01/24/02

1,100

12.40

01/28/02

3,000

12.45

01/28/02

2,000

12.25

01/28/02

12.25

01/28/02

5,000

12.50

01/30/02

5,000

12.50

01/31/02

8,000

12.40

01/31/02

5,000

12.45

01/31/02

1,500

12.45

02/01/02

4,800

12.45

02/01/02

2,000

12.125

02/01/02

2,000

12.40

02/01/02

1,000

12.00

ITEM 12.    EXHIBITS. 

99(a)(1)(A)

Offer to Purchase, dated March 22, 2002.

99(a)(1)(B)

Letter of Transmittal.

99(a)(1)(C)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

99(a)(1)(D)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and other Nominees.

99(a)(1)(E)

Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and other Nominees.

99(a)(1)(F)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

99(a)(1)(G)

Summary Advertisement published March 22, 2002.

99(b)

Commitment Letter, dated as of March 20, 2002, between MSC.Software Corporation and Comerica Bank.

99(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 15, 2002, among Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., MSC.Software Corporation and Purchaser.

99(d)(2)

Voting Agreements dated as of March 15, 2002 between MSC.Software Corporation and certain shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc.

99(d)(3)

Stock Option Agreement dated as of March 15, 2002 between Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. and MSC.Software Corporation.

99(e)

Not applicable.

99(f)

Not applicable.

99(g)

Not applicable.

99(h)

Not applicable.

SIGNATURE    

        After
due inquiry and to the best of their knowledge and belief, the undersigned hereby certify as of March 22, 2002 that the information set forth in this statement is true,
complete and correct. 

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

By:

/s/  
LOUIS A. GRECO

 Name: Louis A. Greco

Title: Chief Financial Officer

MSC ACQUISITION II CORP.

By:

/s/  
LOUIS A. GRECO

 Name: Louis A. Greco

Title: Chief Financial Officer

EXHIBIT INDEX    

EXHIBIT NO.

DESCRIPTION

99(a)(1)(A)

Offer to Purchase, dated March 22, 2002.

99(a)(1)(B)

Letter of Transmittal.

99(a)(1)(C)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

99(a)(1)(D)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and other Nominees.

99(a)(1)(E)

Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and other Nominees.

99(a)(1)(F)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

99(a)(1)(G)

Summary Advertisement published March 22, 2002.

99(b)

Commitment Letter, dated as of March 20, 2002, between MSC.Software Corporation and Comerica Bank.

99(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 15, 2002, among Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., MSC.Software Corporation and Purchaser.

99(d)(2)

Voting Agreements dated as of March 15, 2002 between MSC.Software Corporation and certain shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc.

99(d)(3)

Stock Option Agreement dated as of March 15, 2002 between Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. and MSC.Software Corporation.

QuickLinks

SCHEDULE TO

SIGNATURE

EXHIBIT INDEX

EX-99.(A)(1)(A)

a2073702zex-99_a1a.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)(A)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 99(a)(1)(A)  

Offer to Purchase for Cash

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock of

MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC.

at

$18.85 Net Per Share

BY MSC ACQUISITION II CORP.,

a wholly owned subsidiary of

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION  

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME,

ON APRIL 18, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED
. 

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (1) THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE A NUMBER OF SHARES OF
MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. COMMON STOCK THAT REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF OUTSTANDING MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. SHARES ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS, AND
(2) THE EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF ALL WAITING PERIODS IMPOSED BY THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED, AND THE REGULATIONS
THEREUNDER.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED AS OF MARCH 15, 2002, AMONG
MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION, MSC ACQUISITION II CORP. AND MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC., WHICH PROVIDES FOR THE ACQUISITION OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. BY MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION,
APPROVED THE OFFER, THE MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT, DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER, THE MERGER AND SUCH OTHER TRANSACTIONS ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE
BEST INTERESTS OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND RECOMMENDED THAT THE HOLDERS OF SHARES ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE
OFFER.

IMPORTANT    

        Any shareholder desiring to tender all or any portion of such shareholder's shares of common stock of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. should either
(1) complete and sign the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal, have such shareholder's signature thereon guaranteed
if required by Instruction 1 to the Letter of Transmittal, mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal (or such facsimile), or, in the case of a transfer effected pursuant to the book-entry
transfer procedures set forth in Section 3, transmit an Agent's Message (as defined herein), and any other required documents to the Depositary and either deliver the certificates for such
shares to the Depositary along with the Letter of Transmittal (or such facsimile) or deliver such shares pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures set forth in Section 3, or
(2) request such shareholder's broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the transaction for such shareholder. A shareholder whose shares of common stock of
Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. are registered in the name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee must contact such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or
other nominee if such shareholder desires to tender such shares. 

        A
shareholder who desires to tender such shareholder's shares of common stock of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. and whose certificates representing such shares are not immediately
available or who cannot comply with the procedures for book-entry transfer on a timely basis may tender such shares by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery set forth in
Section 3. 

        Questions
and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager at their respective addresses and telephone numbers set forth on the front and back
covers of this Offer to Purchase. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and other related materials may be obtained from the
Information Agent. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is:

D.F. King & Co., Inc.

77 Water Street

New York, New York 10005

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550

All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 290-6428 

The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:

Needham
& Company, Inc.

445 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

(212) 705-0445 

March
22, 2002 

    

Page

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

i

INTRODUCTION

THE OFFER

1.

Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date.

2.

Acceptance for Payment and Payment.

3.

Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares.

4.

Withdrawal Rights.

5.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer and the Merger.

6.

Price Range of the Shares; Dividends.

7.

Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Nasdaq Listing; Margin Regulations and Exchange Act Registration.

8.

Certain Information Concerning Mechanical Dynamics

9.

Certain Information Concerning MSC and the Purchaser.

10.

Background of the Offer; Contacts with Mechanical Dynamics.

11.

Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Mechanical Dynamics; Certain Conditions

12.

Source and Amount of Funds.

13.

Dividends and Distributions.

14.

Certain Conditions to the Offer.

15.

Certain Legal Matters; Required Regulatory Approvals.

16.

Certain Fees and Expenses.

17.

Miscellaneous.

SCHEDULE I

INFORMATION CONCERNING THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF MSC AND THE PURCHASER

I-1

SUMMARY TERM SHEET    

MSC Acquisition II Corp. (the "Purchaser") is offering to acquire all the outstanding shares of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc.
("Mechanical Dynamics") common stock for $18.85 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest. The following are some of the questions you, as a shareholder of Mechanical Dynamics, may have
and answers to those questions. This summary term sheet is not meant to be a substitute for the information contained in the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal,
and the information contained in this summary term sheet is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed descriptions and explanations contained in this Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of
Transmittal. We urge you to carefully read the entire Offer to Purchase and related Letter of Transmittal prior to making any decision regarding whether to tender your shares.

WHO IS OFFERING TO PURCHASE MY SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS?  


The
Purchaser, a corporation formed solely to make the offer, is offering to purchase your Mechanical Dynamics common stock. The Purchaser is a wholly owned
subsidiary of MSC.Software Corporation ("MSC"), which is principally engaged in creating mechanical computer-aided engineering software solutions and providing a broad range of strategic engineering
software consulting services. See the Introduction and Section 9. 

HOW MANY SHARES IS THE PURCHASER SEEKING TO PURCHASE, AT WHAT PRICE, AND DO I HAVE TO PAY ANY BROKERAGE OR SIMILAR FEES TO TENDER?  


The
Purchaser is offering to purchase all the outstanding shares of Mechanical Dynamics common stock at a price of $18.85 per share, net to the seller, in
cash, without interest. As of March 15, 2002, the last trading day prior to MSC's announcement that it was seeking to enter into a business combination with Mechanical Dynamics, the closing price of a
Mechanical Dynamics share on the
Nasdaq National Market was $12.01 and as of March 20, 2002 the closing price of a Mechanical Dynamics share on the Nasdaq was $18.69. If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender shares
in the offer, you will not have to pay any brokerage or similar fees. However, if you own your shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your shares on your behalf, your broker
or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply. See the Introduction and Section 3. 

WHY IS THE PURCHASER MAKING THIS OFFER?  


The
offer is the first step in our plan to enter into a business combination with Mechanical Dynamics, as provided in the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
"Merger Agreement") dated as of March 15, 2002 among MSC, the Purchaser and Mechanical Dynamics. The Merger Agreement provides for the merger (the "Merger") of Purchaser with and into
Mechanical Dynamics following the purchase of shares pursuant to the offer. In the Merger, each share (other than shares held by MSC or the Purchaser) will be converted into the right to receive
$18.85 per share, in cash, without interest. See the Introduction and Section 11. 

i

WHAT DOES THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS THINK OF THIS OFFER?  


Mechanical
Dynamics' board of directors has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, which provides for the acquisition of Mechanical Dynamics by MSC,
approved the offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, determined that the terms of the offer, the Merger and such other transactions are fair to and in the
best interests of Mechanical Dynamics and its shareholders and recommended that the holders of shares accept the offer and tender their shares pursuant to the offer. See the Introduction and
Section 11. 

HAVE ANY SHAREHOLDERS ALREADY AGREED TO TENDER THEIR SHARES?  


In
conjunction with entering into the Merger Agreement, MSC has entered into agreements with certain shareholders, in which these persons have agreed, among
other things, to tender all their shares in the offer and to vote all their shares in favor of the Merger and against any other takeover proposal. The shareholders who have agreed to tender and vote
their shares in this manner are Herbert S. Amster, David E. Cole, Joseph F. Gloudeman, Michael E. Korybalski, Mitchell I. Quain, Robert R. Ryan, David Peralta, and Douglas M. Peterson. Collectively
these persons hold approximately 23.3% of the outstanding shares as of March 7, 2002. See Section 11. 

WHY DID MECHANICAL DYNAMICS GRANT MSC AN OPTION TO PURCHASE ITS SHARES?  


As
a prerequisite to entering into the Merger Agreement, Mechanical Dynamics is required to grant an option to MSC, to buy not less than 1,177,309 shares of
Mechanical Dynamics common stock. This represents 19.0% of the shares of Mechanical Dynamics outstanding on March 15, 2002. The exercise price of the option is $18.85 per share.


The
option is not currently exercisable and may only be exercised by MSC if (i) the Mechanical Dynamics board withdraws Mechanical Dynamics'
recommendation or approval of the Merger Agreement; (ii) Mechanical Dynamics enters into or publicly announces its intention to enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal (as
defined in Section 11) or Business Combination (as defined in Section 11) with a party other than MSC or the Purchaser; (iii) any person or group becomes the beneficial owner of
50% or more of the Shares, other than MSC or Purchaser; (iv) prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement, any person, other than MSC or any of its affiliates, has commenced a tender offer
or exchange offer to purchase any Shares such that, upon consummation of such offer, that person would own or control 10% or more of the outstanding Mechanical Dynamics Common Stock; or
(v) prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement, there is a public announcement of a proposal by any person, other than MSC or any of its affiliates, to complete a Business Combination
with Mechanical Dynamics that constitutes a Superior Proposal. Otherwise, the option will terminate and may not be exercised by MSC.


The
option may discourage third parties from acquiring a significant stake in Mechanical Dynamics, and is intended to increase the likelihood that the offer
and Merger will be completed. See Section 11. 

ii

WHAT ARE THE MOST IMPORTANT CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER?  

        The most important conditions to the offer are the following: 


Mechanical
Dynamics shareholders must validly tender and not withdraw before the expiration of the offer the number of shares of common stock of Mechanical
Dynamics that would represent at least a majority of the outstanding Mechanical Dynamics shares on a fully diluted basis.


All
waiting periods imposed by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, must have expired or terminated.


A
more detailed discussion of the conditions to consummation of the offer may be found in the Introduction and Section 14. 

DOES THE PURCHASER HAVE THE FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO PAY FOR THE SHARES?  


Yes.
MSC expects to contribute or otherwise advance the proceeds of borrowings to enable the Purchaser to consummate the offer from cash on hand and under a
proposed credit facility. The offer is not conditioned on either MSC or the Purchaser obtaining financing. See Section 12. 

HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO DECIDE WHETHER TO TENDER INTO THE OFFER?  


You
have until the expiration date of the offer to tender. The offer currently is scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on April 18,
2002, unless and until the Purchaser, in its sole discretion (but subject to the Merger Agreement), extends the period of time for which the offer is open.


The
Purchaser may elect to provide a "Subsequent Offering Period" for the offer. A Subsequent Offering Period, if one is included, will be an additional
period of time beginning after the Purchaser has purchased shares tendered during the offer, during which shareholders may tender, but not withdraw, their shares and receive the offer consideration.
The Purchaser does not currently intend to include a Subsequent Offering Period, although the Purchaser reserves the right to do so. See Section 1. 

HOW DO I ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER MY SHARES?  


To
tender your shares, you must completely fill out the enclosed Letter of Transmittal and deliver it, along with your share certificates and any other
documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, to Computershare Trust Company, Inc., the depositary, prior to the expiration of the offer. If your shares are held in street name (i.e., through a
broker, dealer or other nominee), they can be tendered by your nominee through The Depository Trust Company. If you cannot deliver all necessary documents to the depositary in time, you may be able to
complete and deliver to the depositary, in lieu of the missing documents, the enclosed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, provided you are able to comply fully with its terms. See Section 3. 

IF I ACCEPT THE OFFER, WHEN WILL I GET PAID?  


If
the conditions to the offer are satisfied and the Purchaser consummates the offer and accepts your shares for payment, you will receive payment for the
shares you tendered as promptly as practicable following the expiration of the offer. See Section 2. 

CAN I WITHDRAW MY PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES?  


You
may withdraw a portion of or all your tendered shares by delivering written or facsimile notice to the Depositary prior to the expiration of the offer.
Further, if the Purchaser has not 

iii

agreed
to accept your shares for payment within 60 days of the commencement of the offer, you can withdraw them at any time after that 60-day period until the Purchaser does accept
your shares for
payment. Once shares are accepted for payment, they cannot be withdrawn. The right to withdraw tendered shares will not apply to any Subsequent Offering Period, if one is included. See
Section 4. 

IF I DO NOT TENDER BUT THE OFFER IS SUCCESSFUL, WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO MY SHARES?  


As
indicated above, if the offer is successful, the Purchaser expects to conclude a merger transaction in which all shares of Mechanical Dynamics that were
not purchased in this offer will be exchanged for $18.85 in cash per share. If the Merger takes place, shareholders who do not tender in the offer will receive the same amount of cash per share that
they would have received had they tendered their shares in the offer. Therefore, if the proposed second-step merger takes place, the only difference to you between tendering your shares
and not tendering your shares is that you will be paid earlier if you tender your shares. See Section 11. 

ARE DISSENTERS' RIGHTS AVAILABLE IN EITHER THE OFFER OR THE SECOND-STEP MERGER?  


Dissenters'
rights are not available in the offer or the Merger. 

WHAT ARE THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS?  


The
receipt of cash in the offer or the Merger in exchange for Mechanical Dynamics shares will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes
and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. You should consult your tax advisor about the particular effect the proposed transactions will
have on your shares. See Section 5. 

WHAT IS THE MARKET VALUE OF MY SHARES AS OF A RECENT DATE?  


On
March 20, 2002, the shares of Mechanical Dynamics closed on the Nasdaq National Market at $18.69 per share. On March 15, 2002, the last trading day
before the public announcement of MSC's intention to pursue a business combination with Mechanical Dynamics, the shares of Mechanical Dynamics closed on the Nasdaq National Market at $12.01 per share.
Please obtain a recent quotation for your shares prior to deciding whether or not to tender. See Section 6. 

WHOM CAN I CALL WITH QUESTIONS?  


You
can call D.F. King & Co., Inc., at (800) 290-6428 (toll-free) or (212) 269-5550 (collect) or
Needham & Company, Inc. at (212) 705-0445 with any questions you may have. D.F. King & Co., Inc. is acting as the information agent and Needham &
Company, Inc. is acting as the dealer manager for the offer. See the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. 

iv

To: All Holders of Shares of Common Stock of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. 

INTRODUCTION    

        MSC Acquisition II Corp. (the "Purchaser"), a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.Software Corporation ("MSC"), a Delaware corporation,
hereby offers to purchase all outstanding shares ("Shares") of common stock, no par value (the "Mechanical Dynamics Common Stock"), of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. ("Mechanical Dynamics"), a
Michigan corporation, at a price of $18.85 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase
and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, constitute the "Offer"). 

        Tendering
shareholders whose Shares are registered in their own name who tender directly to the Depositary (as defined) will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions or,
except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. Shareholders who hold their Shares through a bank or
broker should check with such institution as to whether it will charge any service fees. However, any tendering shareholder or other payee who fails to complete and sign the Substitute
Form W-9 included in the Letter of Transmittal may be subject to a required backup federal income tax withholding of 30% of the gross proceeds payable to such shareholder or other
payee pursuant to the Offer. The Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses of Needham & Company, Inc., as Dealer Manager (the "Dealer Manager"), Computershare Trust Company, Inc., as
Depositary (the "Depositary"), and D.F. King & Co., Inc., as Information Agent (the "Information Agent"), incurred in connection with the Offer. See Section 16. 

        On
March 15, 2002, MSC, the Purchaser and Mechanical Dynamics entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), which provides for, among other things, the
merger (the "Merger") of the Purchaser with and into Mechanical Dynamics following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer. In the Merger, each Share (other than Shares held by MSC or the
Purchaser) will be converted into the right to receive $18.85 per Share, in cash, without interest thereon. 

        THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, APPROVED THE OFFER, THE MERGER AND
THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT, DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER, THE MERGER AND SUCH OTHER TRANSACTIONS ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS
AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND RECOMMENDED THAT THE HOLDERS OF SHARES ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. 

        Certain
Mechanical Dynamics shareholders, including Herbert S. Amster, David E. Cole, Joseph F. Gloudeman, Michael E. Korybalski, Mitchell I. Quain, Robert R. Ryan, David Peralta and
Douglas M. Peterson, have entered into Voting Agreements (the "Voting Agreements") with MSC, agreeing to vote all their Shares in favor of the Merger and against any other takeover proposal.
Collectively, these persons hold approximately 23.3% of the outstanding Shares as of March 7, 2002. 

        Credit
Suisse First Boston Corporation ("CS First Boston"), Mechanical Dynamics' financial advisor, has delivered to the Board of Directors of Mechanical Dynamics its opinion that, as of
March 15, 2002, based upon and subject to the matters set forth therein, the consideration to be received by the holders of Shares (other than MSC and its affiliates) pursuant to the Offer is
fair to such holders from a financial point of view. CS First Boston's opinion is set forth in full as an annex to the Mechanical Dynamics Schedule 14D-9 (the
"Schedule 14D-9") to be filed with the Commission. Shareholders are urged to, and should, read the Schedule 14D-9 and such opinion carefully in their entirety. 

        Consummation
of the Offer is conditioned upon there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1) a number of Shares (the
"Minimum Number of Shares") that would represent at least a majority of all outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis on the date of the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer (the "Minimum Tender
Condition"). 

        Based
on representations and warranties of Mechanical Dynamics contained in the Merger Agreement, as of March 7, 2002, there were 7,112,340 Shares issued and outstanding or
subject to options. Based on the foregoing, if the Purchaser were to purchase 3,556,171 Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Minimum Tender Condition would be satisfied. However, the actual Minimum
Number of Shares will depend on the facts as they exist on the date of purchase. 

        Certain
other conditions to the consummation of the Offer are described in Section 14. The Purchaser reserves the right (subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission")) to amend or waive any one or more of the terms and conditions of the Offer, including, without limitation, the Minimum Tender Condition. See
Sections 1 and 14. 

        The
Offer is not conditioned on either MSC or the Purchaser obtaining financing. See Section 12. 

        Certain
U.S. federal income tax consequences of the sale of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the conversion of Shares pursuant to the Merger are described in Section 5. 

        This
Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain important information, which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 

THE OFFER    

1.    
Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date.    

        Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or
amendment), the Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 4 on or prior to the
Expiration Date. The term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on April 18, 2002, unless and until the Purchaser (subject to the Merger Agreement), extends the period of
time for which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration Date" means the time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. 

        The
Offer is conditioned upon satisfaction of the Minimum Tender Condition and all the other conditions set forth in Section 14. The Purchaser reserves the right (subject to the
applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and the provisions of the Merger Agreement) to amend or waive the Minimum Tender Condition or any other condition of the Offer. The Merger Agreement
provides that the Purchaser may not, without the prior consent of Mechanical Dynamics, reduce the number of Shares subject to the Offer, reduce the Offer Price, waive or change the Minimum Tender
Condition, impose or modify conditions to the Offer in addition to those set forth in Section 14, amend any term of the Offer set forth in the Merger Agreement in any manner adverse to the
holders of Mechanical Dynamics Common Stock or change the form of consideration payable in the Offer (other than by adding consideration). 

        Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Purchaser (a) shall extend the Offer if, at the scheduled expiration date of the Offer, any of the conditions set forth in Section 14
(other than the Minimum Tender Condition or condition (d), (e) or (h) set forth in Section 14) to the Purchaser's obligation to purchase the Shares are not satisfied or waived,
until such time as such conditions are satisfied or waived but in no event later than September 30, 2002 and (b) may, without the consent of Mechanical Dynamics, extend the Offer for any
period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the Commission or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer. Additionally, if at the Expiration Date, all of the conditions to
the Offer have been satisfied or waived but the Shares tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer constitute less than 90% of the outstanding Shares, the Purchaser may (but is not obligated to)
provide for a "subsequent offering period" (as provided in Rule 14d-11 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) for up to 20 business days after the
Purchaser's acceptance for payment of the Shares then tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer. 

        During
any extension, all Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer and subject to the right of a tendering shareholder to withdraw Shares. 

        Subject
to any applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act and the provisions of the Merger Agreement, the
Purchaser expressly reserves the right to: 

        (1)  terminate
or amend the Offer if any of the conditions referred to in Section 14 has not been satisfied or upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in
Section 14; or 

        (2)  waive
any condition or otherwise amend the Offer in any respect consistent with the provisions of the Merger Agreement, 

in
each case, by giving oral or written notice of such termination, waiver or amendment to the Depositary and by making a public announcement thereof, as described below. 

        The
Purchaser acknowledges that Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act requires the Purchaser to pay the consideration offered or return the Shares tendered promptly
after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer. 

        If
the Purchaser extends the Offer or if the Purchaser is delayed in its acceptance for payment of or payment (whether before or after its acceptance for payment of Shares) for Shares or
it is unable to
pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the Depositary may retain tendered Shares on behalf of the Purchaser, and such
Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent tendering shareholders are entitled to withdrawal rights as described herein under Section 4. However, the ability of the Purchaser to delay the
payment for Shares that the Purchaser has accepted for payment is limited by Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires that a bidder pay the consideration offered or
return the securities deposited by or on behalf of shareholders promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such bidder's offer. 

        Any
extension, delay, termination, waiver or amendment of the Offer will be followed as promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof, and such announcement in the case of an
extension will be made no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. Without limiting the manner in which the Purchaser
may choose to make any public announcement, subject to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d) and 14e-1(d) under the Exchange Act, which require that material changes
be promptly disseminated to holders of Shares in a manner reasonably designed to inform such holders of such change), the Purchaser currently intends to make announcements regarding the Offer by
issuing a press release to the Dow Jones Newswires. 

        If
the Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the Offer, or if it waives a material condition to the Offer, the Purchaser will extend the Offer and disseminate additional
tender offer materials to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d)(1), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act. The minimum period during which an Offer must
remain open following material changes in the terms of the Offer, other than a change in price or a change in the percentage of securities sought or a change in any dealer's soliciting fee, will
depend upon the facts and circumstances, including the materiality, of the changes. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, with respect to a change in price or, subject to certain limitations,
a change in the percentage of securities sought or a change in any dealer's soliciting fee, a minimum 10-business day period from the date of such change is generally required to allow for
adequate dissemination to shareholders. For purposes of the Offer, a "business day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a federal holiday, and consists of the time period from
12:01 a.m. through 12:00 midnight, New York City time. 

        Subject
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, if the Purchaser decides to increase the consideration offered in the Offer to holders of Shares and if, at the time that notice of the
increase is first published, sent or given to holders of Shares, the Offer is scheduled to expire at any time earlier than the expiration of a period ending on the tenth business day from, and
including, the date that such notice is first so published, sent or given, then the Offer will be extended until at least the expiration of 10 business days from the date the notice of the increase is
first published, sent or given to holders of Shares. 
If, prior to the Expiration Date, the Purchaser increases the consideration being paid for Shares accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer, such increased consideration will be paid to all shareholders whose Shares are purchased pursuant to the Offer, whether or not such Shares were tendered prior to the
announcement of the increase in consideration.

        Pursuant
to Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act, although the Purchaser does not currently intend to do so, the Purchaser may, subject to certain conditions, elect to
provide a Subsequent Offering Period of from three business days to 20 business days in length following the expiration of the Offer on the Expiration Date and acceptance for payment of the Shares
tendered in the Offer (a "Subsequent Offering Period"). A Subsequent Offering Period would be an additional period of time, 

following the first purchase of Shares in the Offer, during which shareholders may tender Shares not tendered in the Offer. 

        During
a Subsequent Offering Period, tendering shareholders will not have withdrawal rights and the Purchaser will promptly purchase and pay for any Shares tendered at the same price
paid in the Offer. Rule 14d-11 provides that the Purchaser may provide a Subsequent Offering Period so long as, among other things, (1) the initial 20-business
day period of the Offer has expired, (2) the Purchaser offers the same form and amount of consideration for Shares in the Subsequent Offering Period as in the initial Offer, (3) the
Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for all Shares tendered during the Offer prior to its expiration, (4) the Purchaser announces the results of the Offer, including the approximate
number and percentage of Shares deposited in the Offer, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the Expiration Date and immediately begins the Subsequent
Offering Period and (5) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for Shares as they are tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period. If the Purchaser elects to include a
Subsequent Offering Period, it will notify shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics consistent with the requirements of the Commission. 

        Mechanical
Dynamics has provided Purchaser with Mechanical Dynamics' shareholder list and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of Shares. This
Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and all other relevant materials will be mailed to record holders of Shares and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and similar
persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders lists, or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security position
listing for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares by the Purchaser. 

        If
any tendered Shares are not purchased pursuant to the Offer for any reason, or if Share certificates are submitted representing more Shares than are tendered, certificates
representing unpurchased or untendered Shares will be returned, without expense to the tendering shareholder (or, in the case of Shares delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer
procedures set forth in Section 3, such Shares will be credited to an account maintained within the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable following the
expiration, termination or withdrawal of the Offer. 

2.    
Acceptance for Payment and Payment.    

        Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of the Offer as so extended or
amended), the Purchaser will purchase, by accepting for payment, and will pay for all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date as soon as practicable after the Expiration
Date. The Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion but subject to the applicable rules of the Commission and the terms of the Merger Agreement, to delay acceptance for payment
of, and thereby delay payment for,
Shares if any of the conditions referred to in Section 14 has not been satisfied or upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 14. 

        In
all cases, payment for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of: 

        (1)  the
Share certificates representing such Shares or timely confirmation (a "Book-Entry Confirmation") of the book-entry transfer of such Shares
(if such procedure is available), into the Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility"), pursuant to the procedures set forth in
Section 3; 

        (2)  the
Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message (as defined
below) in connection with a book-entry transfer; and 

        (3)  any
other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

        The
term "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry
Confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the
Shares which are the subject of such Book-Entry Confirmation, that such participant has received and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that the Purchaser may
enforce such agreement against such participant. 

        For
purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn as, if and when the Purchaser gives
oral or written notice to the Depositary of the Purchaser's acceptance of such Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares
purchased pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for tendering shareholders for the purpose of receiving payment from
the Purchaser and transmitting payment to validly tendering shareholders. Upon the deposit of funds with the Depositary for the purpose of making payments to tendering shareholders, the Purchaser's
obligation to make such payment shall be satisfied and tendering shareholders must thereafter look solely to the Depositary for payment of amounts owed to them by reason of the acceptance for payment
of Shares pursuant to the Offer. 
Under no circumstances will interest on the purchase price for Shares be paid by the Purchaser regardless of any extension of the Offer or by
reason of any delay in making such payment.
 The Purchaser will pay any stock transfer taxes incident to the transfer to it
of validly tendered Shares, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, as well as any charges and expenses of the Depositary and the Information Agent. 

3.    
Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares.    

        Valid Tender of Shares.
    Except as set forth below, in order for Shares to be validly tendered pursuant to the Offer, either
(1) on or prior to the Expiration Date, (a) Share certificates representing tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this
Offer to Purchase, or such Shares must be tendered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures set forth below and a Book-Entry Confirmation must be received by the
Depositary, (b) the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in connection
with a book-entry transfer of Shares, must be received by the Depositary at one of such addresses and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal must be received
by the Depositary at one of such addresses or (2) the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below must be followed. 

The method of delivery of Shares, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility, is at the election and sole risk of the tendering shareholder, and the delivery will be deemed made only when actually received by the Depositary. If delivery is by mail, registered mail
with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

        Book-Entry Transfer.
    The Depositary will make a request to establish accounts with respect to the Shares at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant in the system of
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility may make book-entry delivery of Shares by causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures for such transfer. However, although delivery of Shares may be
effected through book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed
and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message, and any 

other required documents must, in any case, be transmitted to and received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase on or prior to the
Expiration Date, or the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below must be complied with. 

Required documents must be transmitted to and received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover page of this Offer to Purchase.
Delivery of documents to the book-entry
transfer facility in accordance with the book-entry transfer facility's procedures does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

        Signature Guarantees.
    No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of Transmittal (1) if the Letter of Transmittal
is signed by the registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this Section, includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's system whose name appears on a security
position listing as the owner of the Shares) of Shares tendered therewith and such registered holder has not completed either the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" or the box entitled
"Special Payment Instructions" on the Letter of Transmittal or (2) if such Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan
associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange
Medallion Program (each, an "Eligible Institution" and, collectively, "Eligible Institutions"). In all other cases, all signatures on Letters of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal. If the Share certificates are registered in the name of a person other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment
is to be made, or Share certificates not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be returned, to a person other than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered, then the tendered Share
certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of the registered holders or owners appear on the certificates, with the
signatures on the certificates or stock powers guaranteed as aforesaid. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal. 

        If
the Share certificates are forwarded separately to the Depositary, a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required
signature guarantees, must accompany each such delivery. 

        Guaranteed Delivery.
    If a shareholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer and such shareholder's Share
certificates are not immediately available or the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis or time will not permit all required documents to reach the
Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, such shareholder's tender may be effected if all the following conditions are met: 

        (1)  such
tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution; 

        (2)  a
properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by the Purchaser, is received by the Depositary, as provided
below, prior to the Expiration Date; and 

        (3)  within
three Nasdaq National Market trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, (i) Share certificates representing tendered
Shares are received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase, or such Shares are tendered pursuant to the book-entry transfer
procedures and a Book-Entry Confirmation is received by
the Depositary, (ii) the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in
connection with a book-entry transfer of Shares, is received by the Depositary at one of such addresses and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal are
received by the Depositary at one of such addresses. 

        The
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand to the Depositary or transmitted by facsimile transmission or mailed to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an
Eligible Institution in the form set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 

        Notwithstanding
any other provision hereof, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of
(1) Share certificates representing tendered Shares or a Book-Entry Confirmation, (2) a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed,
together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in connection with a book entry transfer of Shares and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly,
payment might not be made to all tendering shareholders at the same time, and will depend upon when Share certificates representing, or Book-Entry Confirmations of, such Shares are
received into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility. 

        Backup U.S. Federal Income Tax Withholding.
    Under the U.S. federal income tax laws, payments in connection with the Offer and
the Merger may be subject to "backup withholding" at a rate of 30% unless a shareholder that holds Shares (1) provides a correct taxpayer identification number (which, for an individual
shareholder, is the shareholder's social security number) and any other required information, or (2) is a corporation or comes within certain other exempt categories and, when required,
demonstrates this fact, and otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. A shareholder that does not provide a correct taxpayer identification number may be subject
to penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. To prevent backup U.S. federal income tax withholding on payments with respect to the purchase price of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer or
converted into cash in the Merger, as the case may be, each shareholder should provide the Depositary with his or her correct taxpayer identification number and certify that he or she is not subject
to backup U.S. federal income tax withholding by completing the Substitute Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 included in the Letter of Transmittal. Noncorporate foreign shareholders
should complete and sign an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, Certificate of Foreign Status, a copy of which may be obtained from the Depositary, in order to avoid backup
withholding. See Instruction 9 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

        Determination of Validity.
    All questions as to the form of documents and validity, eligibility (including time of receipt)
and acceptance for payment of any tender of Shares will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, whose determination will be final and binding on all parties. The Purchaser reserves the
absolute right to reject any or all tenders determined by it not to be in proper form or the acceptance of or payment for which may, in the opinion of the Purchaser's counsel, be unlawful. The
Purchaser also reserves the absolute right to waive any defect or irregularity in any
tender of Shares of any particular shareholder whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in the case of other shareholders without any effect on the rights of such other
shareholders. 

        The
Purchaser's interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the instructions thereto) will be final and binding. No tender of Shares
will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects and irregularities with respect to such tender have been cured or waived. None of the Purchaser, MSC or any of their affiliates or assigns,
if any, the Dealer Manager, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give any notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any liability
for failure to give any such notification. 

        Appointment As Proxy.
    By executing a Letter of Transmittal, a tendering shareholder irrevocably appoints designees of
Purchaser as such shareholder's attorneys-in-fact and proxies, in the manner set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, each with full power of substitution, to the full extent of
such shareholder's rights with respect to the Shares tendered by such shareholder and accepted for payment by the Purchaser (and any and all non-cash dividends, distributions, rights or
other securities issued or 

issuable in respect of such Shares on or after the date of this Offer to Purchase). All such proxies shall be considered irrevocable and coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares. This
appointment will be effective if, when and only to the extent that the Purchaser accepts such Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior proxies given by
such shareholder with respect to such Shares and other securities will, without further action, be revoked, and no subsequent proxies may be given. The designees of the Purchaser will, with respect to
the Shares and other securities for which the appointment is effective, be empowered to exercise all voting and other rights of such shareholder as they, in their sole discretion, may deem proper at
any annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders, and the Purchaser reserves the right to require that in order for Shares or other securities to be deemed
validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting rights with respect to such Shares. See Section 15. 

        Other Requirements.
    The Purchaser's acceptance for payment of Shares tendered pursuant to any of the procedures described
above will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering shareholder and the Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

4.    
Withdrawal Rights.    

        Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4, tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable. Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be
withdrawn at any time on or prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment as provided herein, may also be withdrawn at any time after May 20, 2002, (or such later
date as may apply in case the Offer is extended). 

        To
be effective, a notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Any such notice of
withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the Shares to be withdrawn, if
different from the name of the person who tendered the Shares. If Share certificates evidencing Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the
physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such Shares have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, the
signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures as set forth in
Section 3, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares and otherwise
comply with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures. 

        Withdrawals
of Shares may not be rescinded. Any Shares properly withdrawn will be deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer, but may be retendered at any subsequent time
prior to the Expiration Date by following any of the procedures described in Section 3. 

        All
questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, whose determination will be
final and binding. None of the Purchaser, MSC or any of their affiliates or assigns, if any, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give any notification
of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. 

        If
the Purchaser provides a Subsequent Offering Period following the Offer, no withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered during such Subsequent Offering Period or to Shares
tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. 

5.    
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer and the Merger.    

        The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code"), and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income tax laws. 

        Generally,
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a tendering shareholder will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received by the shareholder
pursuant to the Offer or the Merger and the aggregate adjusted tax basis in the Shares tendered by the shareholder and purchased pursuant to the Offer or converted into cash in the Merger, as the case
may be. Gain or loss will be calculated separately for each block of Shares tendered and purchased pursuant to the Offer or converted into cash in the Merger, as the case may be. If tendered Shares
are held by a tendering shareholder as capital assets, gain or loss recognized by such shareholder will be capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if such
shareholder's holding period for the Shares exceeds one year. In the case of a tendering noncorporate shareholder, long-term capital gains will be eligible for a maximum U.S. federal
income tax rate of 20%. In addition, the ability to use capital losses to offset ordinary income is limited. 

        The
foregoing discussion may not be applicable with respect to Shares received pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation or with respect to holders
of Shares who are subject to special tax treatment under the Code such as non-U.S. persons, life insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations and financial institutions and
may not apply to a holder of Shares in light of individual circumstances, such as holding Shares as a hedge or as part of a straddle or a hedging, constructive sale, integrated or other
risk-reduction transaction. 

Shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics should consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific tax consequences to them of the Offer and the Merger, including
the applicability and effect of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income and other tax laws in their particular circumstances
. 

        Backup Withholding.
    Certain noncorporate shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics may be subject to backup withholding at a 30%
rate on cash payments received in connection with the Offer and the Merger. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a shareholder who (1) furnishes a correct taxpayer identification
number and certifies that such shareholder is not subject to backup withholding on the Substitute Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or successor form included in the Letter of
Transmittal, (2) provides a certification of foreign status on Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 or successor form or (3) is otherwise exempt from backup withholding. 

        If
a shareholder does not provide a correct taxpayer identification number, such shareholder may be subject to penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. Any amount paid as
backup withholding does not constitute an additional tax and will be creditable against a shareholder's U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is given to the Internal
Revenue Service. If backup withholding results in an overpayment of tax, a refund can be obtained by the shareholder by filing a U.S. federal income tax return. Shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics
should consult their own tax advisors as to their qualification for exemption from withholding and the procedure for obtaining the exemption. 

6.    
Price Range of the Shares; Dividends.    

        The Shares are authorized for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "MDII." The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the
reported high and low closing for the Shares for the periods indicated based on published financial services. 

HIGH

LOW

Year Ended December 31, 1999

First Quarter

$

8.00

$

6.13

Second Quarter

7.00

5.13

Third Quarter

5.69

4.38

Fourth Quarter

5.25

4.25

Year Ended December 31, 2000

First Quarter

6.44

4.75

Second Quarter

6.19

4.81

Third Quarter

6.00

4.63

Fourth Quarter

6.88

5.25

Year Ended December 31, 2001

First Quarter

9.38

5.63

Second Quarter

11.50

7.13

Third Quarter

11.64

7.76

Fourth Quarter

10.75

6.90

Year Ending December 31, 2002

First quarter (through March 20, 2002)

18.69

10.04

        On
March 15, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement of MSC's intention to pursue a business combination with Mechanical Dynamics, the reported
4:00 p.m. closing price on the Nasdaq National Market for the Shares was $12.01 per Share, and on March 20, 2002, the reported 4:00 p.m. closing price on the Nasdaq
National Market for the Shares was $18.69 per Share. Shareholders are urged to obtain a current market quotation for the Shares. 

7.    
Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Nasdaq Listing; Margin Regulations and Exchange Act Registration.    

        Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares.
    The purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer will reduce the
number of holders of Shares and the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares held by the public. 

        Nasdaq Listing.
    Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Shares may no longer meet the
requirements of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD") for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq National Market, which requires that for each class of shares listed by
an issuer, there must be either (1) at least 750,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400 stockholders of round lots, with a market value of publicly held shares of at least
$5 million, issuer stockholders' equity of at least $10 million, at least two registered and active market makers and a minimum bid price per share of $1; or (2) at least
1,100,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400 stockholders of round lots, with a market value of publicly held shares of at least $15,000,000, at least
four registered and active market makers, a minimum bid price per share of $3 and the issuer must have a market capitalization of $50,000,000 or total assets and total revenue of $50,000,000 each for
the most recently completed fiscal year or two of the last three most recently completed fiscal years. Shares held directly or indirectly by directors, officers or beneficial owners of 

more than 10% of the outstanding common stock are not considered as being publicly held for this purpose. If as a result of the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, the Shares no
longer meet the requirements of the NASD for continued inclusion in the Nasdaq National Market or in any other tier of the Nasdaq National Market and the Shares are no longer included in Nasdaq or in
any other tier of the Nasdaq National Market, as the case may be, the market for the Shares could be adversely affected. 

        If
the Shares were to cease to be quoted on the Nasdaq National Market, it is possible that the Shares would continue to trade in the over-the-counter market and
that price or other quotations would be reported through other sources. The extent of the public market, therefore, and the availability of such quotations, would depend, however, upon such factors as
the number of shareholders and/or the aggregate market value of such securities remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining a market in the Shares on the part of the securities firms, the
possible termination of registration under the Exchange Act as described below and other factors. Currently, it is not possible to predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares that might
otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for or marketability of the Shares or whether it would cause future market prices to be greater or less than the
Offer Price. 

        Exchange Act Registration.
    The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated
upon application to the Commission if the outstanding Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange and if there are fewer than 300 holders of record of Shares. Termination of registration
of the Shares under the Exchange Act would substantially reduce the information required to be furnished by Mechanical Dynamics to its shareholders and to the Commission and would make certain
provisions of the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) and the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement in connection with shareholders' meetings
pursuant to Section 14(a) and the related requirement of furnishing an annual report to shareholders, no longer applicable with respect to the Shares. Furthermore, the ability of "affiliates"
of Mechanical Dynamics and persons holding "restricted securities" of Mechanical Dynamics to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be
impaired or eliminated. If registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Shares would no longer be eligible for Nasdaq reporting or for continued inclusion on the Federal
Reserve Board's list of "margin securities." 

        Margin Regulation.
    The Shares are presently "margin securities" under the regulations of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit using such Shares as collateral. Depending upon factors similar to
those described above regarding listing and market quotations, the Shares might no longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the Federal Reserve Board's margin regulations, in which
event, the Shares would be ineligible as collateral for margin loans made by brokers. If registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Shares would no longer be "margin
securities." 

8.    
Certain Information Concerning Mechanical Dynamics.    

        The information concerning Mechanical Dynamics contained in this Offer to Purchase has been furnished by Mechanical Dynamics or taken from or based upon publicly
available documents and records on file with the Commission and other public sources. None of MSC, the Purchaser, the Dealer Manager, the Information Agent or the Depositary can take responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such documents and records, or for any failure by Mechanical Dynamics to disclose events which may have occurred or may affect the
significance or accuracy of any such information but which are unknown to MSC, the Purchaser, the Dealer Manager, the Information Agent or the Depositary. 

        According
to its Annual Report or Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, Mechanical Dynamics was incorporated in the State of Michigan in 1977.
Mechanical Dynamics became publicly held in 1996. The principal executive offices of Mechanical Dynamics are located at 2300 Traverwood Drive, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48105 and its telephone number is
(734) 994-3800. According to Mechanical Dynamics' 10-K, Mechanical Dynamics develops, market, and supports virtual prototyping systems. 

        Mechanical
Dynamics is subject to the informational filing requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is required to file periodic reports, proxy statements and other
information with the Commission relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Such reports, proxy statements and other information can be inspected and copied at the public
reference facilities maintained by the Commission at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information regarding the public reference facilities may be obtained from the
Commission by telephoning 1-800-SEC-0330. Mechanical Dynamics' filings are also available to the public on the Commission's Internet site
(
http://www.sec.gov
). Copies of such materials may also be obtained by mail from the Public Reference Section of the Commission at 450 Fifth Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 at prescribed rates. 

9.    
Certain Information Concerning MSC and the Purchaser.    

        The Purchaser was organized in 2002 under the laws of the State of Delaware for the purpose of engaging in a business combination with Mechanical Dynamics. The
Purchaser is a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC. The Purchaser has not, and is not expected to, engage in any business other than in connection with its organization, the Offer and the Merger. Its
principal executive offices and telephone number are the same as those of MSC. 

        MSC
reincorporated in Delaware in 1994. Its principal executive offices are located at 2 MacArthur Place, Santa Ana, California 92707 and its telephone number is
(714) 540-8900. MSC maintains an Internet site at 
http://www.mscsoftware.com. 
The website and the information contained on or
connected to the website are not part of this Offer to Purchase and are not incorporated by reference. 

        MSC
is principally engaged in mechanical computer-aided engineering and also provides a broad range of strategic engineering software consulting services. 

        MSC
is subject to the informational filing requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is required to file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information
with the Commission relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Such reports, proxy statements and other information can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities
maintained by the Commission at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information regarding the public reference facilities may be obtained from the Commission by telephoning
1-800-SEC-0330. MSC's filings are also available to the public on the Commission's Internet site
(
http://www.sec.gov
). Copies of such materials may also be obtained by mail from the Public Reference Section of the Commission at 450 Fifth Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 at prescribed rates. Copies of many of the items filed with the Commission and other information concerning MSC are available for inspection at the offices of the New York
Stock Exchange, Inc. located at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005. 

        The
name, business address and telephone number, citizenship, present principal occupation and employment history of each of the directors and executive officers of MSC and the Purchaser
are set forth in Schedule I of this Offer to Purchase. 

        As
of March 22, 2002, MSC owns 42,000 Shares and neither the Purchaser nor, to MSC's or the Purchaser's knowledge, any of the persons listed on Schedule I hereto owns any Shares. 

10.    
Background of the Offer; Contacts with Mechanical Dynamics.    

        In March 2000, Frank Perna, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MSC, met with Michael Korybalski, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mechanical
Dynamics, at Mechanical Dynamics' headquarters in Ann Arbor, Michigan. At those meetings, Mr. Perna indicated MSC would be willing to consider an acquisition of Mechanical Dynamics at
approximately $8 or $9 per share (Mechanical
Dynamics was then trading on the Nasdaq National Market at approximately $5 per share). No further action followed these meetings. 

        In
August, 2001, MSC retained Needham & Company, Inc. ("Needham") to advise MSC on a potential acquisition of Mechanical Dynamics. 

        During
September 2001, Mr. Perna and Mr. Korybalski met together and had telephone calls to discuss a possible acquisition of Mechanical Dynamics by MSC.
Mr. Korybalski informed Mr. Perna that any combination would be put on hold due to the events on September 11, 2001 and that the Mechanical Dynamics' board of directors did not
want to consider any combination with MSC that year. 

        In
October 2001, Brad Dunbar of MSC met with Michael Korybalski to discuss a possible business combination. Mr. Korybalski indicated that Mechanical Dynamics would not be
interested in a business combination at that time because of the prevailing market volatility and economic uncertainty, but indicated that Mechanical Dynamics would revisit the issue in
January 2002. 

        From
September to November of 2001, David Townes of Needham contacted Mr. Korybalski several times to inquire as to Mechanical Dynamics' interest in evaluating a possible
acquisition by MSC. Mr. Korybalski reiterated his belief that market volatility and economic uncertainty made it unlikely that a business combination at the time with MSC would be beneficial to
Mechanical Dynamics and its shareholders. Nevertheless, during December 2001, Mr. Korybalski and Mr. Townes had several further conversations concerning the possibility of a
business combination between MSC and Mechanical Dynamics. 

        On
January 16, 2002, Mr. Perna met with Mr. Korybalski to discuss a possible acquisition of Mechanical Dynamics by MSC. During that meeting, Mr. Perna
proposed that MSC pay $16.50 per share of Mechanical Dynamics stock. Mr. Korybalski responded that he did not believe that $16.50 per share would be sufficient. Throughout January
and early February, Mr. Korybalski and Mr. Perna spoke by telephone on several occasions regarding the possibility of MSC acquiring Mechanical Dynamics. 

        On
January 21, 2002, Mr. Perna sent an e-mail to Mr. Korybalski that outlined the principal terms of a possible transaction between MSC and Mechanical
Dynamics. The e-mail contemplated a cash tender offer for all of the shares of Mechanical Dynamics followed by a merger of Mechanical Dynamics with a newly-formed, wholly owned subsidiary
of MSC. In both the tender offer and merger, the shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics would receive $17.50 per share. The increase from $16.50 per share to $17.50 per share was conditioned upon
confirmation of certain cost savings synergies. The e-mail also contemplated, among other things, that Mechanical Dynamics would grant MSC an option to purchase a number of shares of
Mechanical Dynamics common stock equal to 19% of the outstanding Mechanical Dynamics shares. 

        On
February 8, 2002, Mr. Perna sent a letter to Mr. Korybalski which was substantially the same as Mr. Perna's e-mail on January 21, 2002,
except that the $17.50 per share price was no longer conditioned upon confirmation of the cost savings synergies. 

        On
February 13, 2002, Mr. Korybalski telephoned Mr. Perna and informed him that MSC's $17.50 per share proposal was not sufficient. During that telephone conversation,
Mr. Perna orally raised the proposal to $18.50 per share. Mr. Korybalski said he would consider Mr. Perna's proposal. 

        On
February 15, 2002, representatives of CS First Boston telephoned representatives of Needham and informed Needham that another possible acquiror had expressed interest in Mechanical
Dynamics. 

        On
February 20, 2002, representatives of CS First Boston telephoned representatives of Needham and informed Needham that Mechanical Dynamics had a proposal from another party at a
per share price higher than $18.50 per share. The representatives of CS First Boston also stated that Mechanical Dynamics would agree to negotiate exclusively with the highest bidder on
February 22, 2002. 

        Between
February 20, 2002 and February 22, 2002, representatives of Mechanical Dynamics and MSC continued to discuss a possible transaction. On February 22, 2002,
MSC raised its proposal to $18.75 per share. After additional discussions, on February 22, 2002, and in consideration of a three week exclusivity period, MSC made its final proposal at $18.85
per share. 

        On
February 23, 2002, counsel for Mechanical Dynamics and MSC negotiated and finalized a confidentiality agreement and a proposed term sheet that contemplated, among other things,
a cash tender offer and follow-on merger of Mechanical Dynamics and a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC, with the shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics receiving $18.85 per share in each
transaction. In addition, the proposed term sheet contemplated that Mechanical Dynamics would grant MSC an option to purchase a number of shares of Mechanical Dynamics common stock equal to 19% of the
outstanding Mechanical Dynamics shares at an exercise price of $18.85 per share. The proposed term sheet also contemplated that certain directors and executive officers, as shareholders of Mechanical
Dynamics, would agree to tender their shares in the tender offer or vote for the merger. The parties also agreed that Mechanical Dynamics would negotiate exclusively with MSC until March 15,
2002, subject to extension if both parties agreed and subject to the fiduciary duties of Mechanical Dynamics' Board of Directors. 

        On
February 27, 2002, counsel for MSC provided to counsel for Mechanical Dynamics drafts of the Merger Agreement and related documents. Between February 27, 2002 and
March 15, 2002, counsel for MSC and Mechanical Dynamics continued to negotiate the terms of the Merger Agreement and related documents. 

        Between
March 4 and March 14, 2002, representatives of MSC conducted due diligence with respect to Mechanical Dynamics. 

        On
March 11, 2002, the Board of Directors of MSC met to consider the Merger Agreement and related documents. The Board of Directors of MSC then approved the Merger Agreement and
related documents with such changes thereto as management deems appropriate. 

        Negotiations
of the Merger Agreement and related documents continued until March 15, 2002. On March 15, 2002, the Merger Agreement and related documents were executed and
delivered by the parties thereto. 

        On
March 22, 2002, the Purchaser commenced the Offer in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 

11.    
Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Mechanical Dynamics; Certain Conditions.    

        General.
    The purpose of the Offer is for MSC to acquire control of, and ultimately the entire equity interest in, Mechanical
Dynamics. In the Merger Agreement, MSC and Mechanical Dynamics have agreed to effect the Merger in accordance with the provisions of the Merger Agreement as promptly as practicable following
expiration of the Offer. Set forth below is a summary of the material terms of the Merger Agreement. 

The Merger Agreement  

        The following is a summary of the Merger Agreement. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit (d)(1) to the Schedule TO and incorporated herein by reference. 

        The Offer.
    The Merger Agreement provides that the Purchaser may not, without the prior consent of Mechanical Dynamics, reduce
the number of Shares subject to the Offer, reduce the Offer Price, waive or change the Minimum Tender Condition, impose or modify conditions to the Offer in addition to those set forth in
Section 14, amend any term of the Offer set forth in the Merger Agreement in any manner adverse to the holders of Mechanical Dynamics Common Stock or change the form of consideration payable in
the Offer (other than by adding consideration). 

        Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Purchaser (a) shall extend the Offer if, at the scheduled expiration date of the Offer, any of the conditions set forth in Section 14
(other than the Minimum Tender Condition or condition (d), (e) or (h) set forth in Section 14) to the Purchaser's obligation to purchase the Shares are not satisfied or waived,
until such time as such conditions are satisfied or waived but in no event later than September 30, 2002 and (b) may, without the consent of Mechanical Dynamics, extend the Offer for any
period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the Commission or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer. Additionally, if at the Expiration Date, all of the conditions to
the Offer have been satisfied or waived but the Shares tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer constitute less than 90% of the outstanding Shares, the Purchaser may (but is not obligated to)
provide for a "subsequent offering period" (as provided in Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act) for up to 20 business days after the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of the Shares
then tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer. 

        Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, MSC is obligated to cause the Purchaser to accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn as soon as practicable after the
Expiration Date of the Offer or, in the case of Shares tendered during any subsequent offering period, as soon as practicable following the valid tender thereof. 

        Shareholder Mailings.
    The Merger Agreement provides that, in connection with the Offer, Mechanical Dynamics will cause its
transfer agent to furnish the Purchaser promptly with mailing labels containing the names and addresses of the record holders of the Shares as of a recent date and of those persons becoming record
holders subsequent to such date, together with copies of all lists of shareholders, security position listings and computer files and all other information in Mechanical Dynamics' possession or
control regarding the beneficial owners of Shares, and will furnish to the Purchaser such information and assistance, including updated lists of shareholders, security position listings and computer
files, as MSC may reasonably request in communicating the Offer to Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders. 

        The Merger.
    On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with the Michigan
Business Corporation Act ("MBCA") and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), the Purchaser will be merged with and into Mechanical Dynamics at the Effective Time (as defined
below). At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser will cease and Mechanical Dynamics will continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"). 

        Effective Time of the Merger.
    The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, MSC,
the Purchaser and Mechanical Dynamics will file with the Department of
Consumer and Industry Services of the State of Michigan and the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, a certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (the "Articles of Merger") executed
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the MBCA and the DGCL and will 

make all other filings or recordings required under the MBCA and the DGCL. The Merger will become effective at such time as the applicable Articles of Merger are duly filed with the Department of
Consumer and Industry Services of the State of Michigan and the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such other time as MSC and Mechanical Dynamics may specify in the Articles of Merger
(the time the Merger becomes effective being the "Effective Time"). 

        Articles of Incorporation; By-laws; Directors and Officers.
    The Merger Agreement provides that: 


The
Articles of Incorporation of Mechanical Dynamics at the Effective Time and the By-laws of Mechanical Dynamics in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time will be the Articles of Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law.


The
directors of the Purchaser and the officers of Purchaser, in each case, immediately prior to the Effective Time will be the respective directors and
officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. 

        Conversion of Shares.
    The Merger Agreement provides that each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time, other than Shares owned by Mechanical Dynamics, MSC or the Purchaser, will be converted pursuant to the Merger into the right to receive, upon the surrender of the certificate formerly
representing such Share, $18.85 in cash without interest thereon (the "Merger Consideration"). The Merger Agreement further provides that at the Effective Time, (1) all Shares owned by
Mechanical Dynamics, MSC or the Purchaser will be canceled and will cease to exist and (2) each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of the Purchaser will be converted into and become
one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, no par value, of the Surviving Corporation. 

        Stock Options.
    The Merger Agreement provides that at the Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase Shares under any
plan or arrangement of Mechanical Dynamics, whether vested or unvested, will be canceled in exchange for a payment (subject to any withholding tax) equal to the product of (i) the number of
Shares subject to such option vested immediately prior to the Effective Time (including any option which becomes vested on or prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of an automatic
acceleration provision), multiplied by (ii) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per Share of such option. 

        Representations and Warranties.
    The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties by Mechanical Dynamics, MSC and
the Purchaser. Mechanical Dynamics made representations and warranties as to: 


corporate
organization;


Mechanical
Dynamics' subsidiaries and equity interests;


capitalization;


authorization
to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the Offer, the Merger and the related transactions and approval of the Offer, the Merger and
the related transactions;


absence
of conflicts and required filings and consents;


filings
and reports with the Commission;


no
undisclosed liabilities;


information
supplied by Mechanical Dynamics;


absence
of material adverse effect and other changes and events; 


tax
matters;


employee
benefit matters;


litigation;


compliance
with applicable laws;


payments
required to be made to brokers and agents on account of the Offer and the Merger;


opinion
of financial advisor;


labor
matters;


contract
matters;


intellectual
property matters;


no
restrictions on business activities; and


transactions
with affiliates. 

        MSC
and the Purchaser jointly and severally made representations and warranties as to: 


corporate
organization;


the
Purchaser;


authorization
to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the Offer, the Merger and the related transactions and approval thereof;


absence
of conflicts and required filings and consents;


information
supplied by MSC and the Purchaser;


payments
required to be made to brokers and agents on account of the Offer and the Merger; and


availability
of funds. 

        Covenants.
    The Merger Agreement contains covenants by Mechanical Dynamics that it and each of its subsidiaries will conduct
its operations in all material respects in accordance with its ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice and, subject to specified exceptions, will not, and will not cause or permit
any of its subsidiaries to: 


declare
or pay any dividend or distribution with respect to its capital stock; split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize
the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock; or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any securities of Mechanical Dynamics or of
its subsidiaries or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such securities;


issue,
deliver, sell or grant (1) any shares of its capital stock, (2) any voting debt or other voting securities, (3) any securities
convertible into or exchangeable for, or any options, warrants or rights to acquire, any such securities or (4) any "phantom" stock, "phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation rights or
stock-based performance units, or any similar stock, rights or units, other than the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of Mechanical Dynamics employee stock options outstanding on the date of the
Merger Agreement and in accordance with their present terms;


amend
its articles of incorporation, by-laws or other comparable charter or organizational documents (other than any amendment to exempt the
acquisition of Shares from the applicability of Section 7B of the MBCA or Article 10 of its by-laws); 


acquire
or agree to acquire (1) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any
equity interest in of business or any corporation, partnership, joint venture, association or other business organization or division thereof or (2) any assets
that are material, individually or in the aggregate, to Mechanical Dynamics and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except purchases in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;


grant
to any officer or director of Mechanical Dynamics or any of its subsidiaries any increase in compensation, except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with prior practice or to the extent required under employment agreements in effect as of the date of the most recent financial statements included in documents previously filed by
Mechanical Dynamics with the Commission;


grant
to any employee, officer or director of Mechanical Dynamics or any of its subsidiaries any increase in severance or termination pay, except to the
extent required under any agreement in effect as of the date of the most recent financial statements included in documents previously filed by Mechanical Dynamics with the Commission;


enter
into, amend or terminate any employment, consulting, indemnification, severance or termination agreement with any such employee, officer or director;


establish,
adopt, enter into or amend in any material respect any collective bargaining agreement or other union agreement or Mechanical Dynamics' employee
benefit plan, except as required by applicable Law;


take
any action to accelerate any rights or benefits, or make any material determinations not in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior
practice, under any collective bargaining agreement or Mechanical Dynamics' employee benefit plan;


make
any change in accounting methods, principles or practices materially affecting the reported consolidated assets, liabilities or results of operations of
Mechanical Dynamics, except insofar as may have been required by a change in generally accepted accounting principles, the Commission's accounting rules and regulations or applicable law;


sell,
lease (as lessor), license or otherwise dispose of or subject to any lien any properties or assets that are material, individually or in the aggregate,
to Mechanical Dynamics and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except sales of excess or obsolete assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;


incur
any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person (other than a subsidiary of Mechanical Dynamics), issue or
sell any debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of Mechanical Dynamics or any of its subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities of another person, enter into any
"keep well" or other agreement to maintain any
financial statement condition of another person or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing, except for short-term borrowings incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice;


make
any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person, other than to or in Mechanical Dynamics or any direct or indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of Mechanical Dynamics;


make
or agree to make any new capital expenditures that in the aggregate are in excess of $100,000;


make
any material tax election or settle or compromise any material tax liability or refund other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practices; 


pay,
discharge or satisfy any material claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than
the payment, discharge or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or in connection with the Merger Agreement, of liabilities reflected or reserved against in, or
contemplated by, the most recent consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of Mechanical Dynamics included in documents previously filed by Mechanical Dynamics with the Commission or
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement;


cancel
any material indebtedness (individually or in the aggregate) or waive any claims or rights of substantial value;


waive
the benefits of, or agree to modify in any manner, any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement in favor of Mechanical Dynamics to which
Mechanical Dynamics or any of its subsidiaries is a party;


make
any individual or series of related payments outside the ordinary course of business, other than with respect to items specifically covered above, in
excess of $100,000;


incur
or enter into any contract outside the ordinary course of business, other than with respect to items specifically covered above, in excess of $100,000;
or


authorize
any of, or commit or agree to take any of, the foregoing actions. 

        Commercially Reasonable Efforts.
    The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, each of the
parties will use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Offer, the Merger and the related transactions, including: 


the
obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals from governmental entities and the making of all necessary
registrations and filings and the taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any governmental entity;


the
obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties;


the
defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging the Merger Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated therein, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other governmental entity vacated or reversed; and


the
execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and to fully carry out
the purposes of the Merger Agreement. 

        The
Merger Agreement provides that, in connection with and without limiting the foregoing, MSC agrees to give Mechanical Dynamics reasonable notice of any meetings prior to the
consummation of the Merger with any governmental entity regarding the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and Mechanical Dynamics, at its option, may have representatives at such
meeting. In addition, the Mechanical Dynamics Board will (1) take all action necessary to ensure that no state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to any
transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (2) if any state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation becomes applicable to any transaction contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, take all action necessary to ensure that the Offer, the Merger and the related transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

        Actions of Mechanical Dynamics Board; Mechanical Dynamics Takeover Proposals.
    The Merger Agreement provides that neither the
Mechanical Dynamics Board nor any committee thereof shall: 


take
any action that would result in the holders of the Shares no longer being legally capable under the MBCA of validly approving the Merger or the Merger
Agreement; or


adopt
any amendment to its charter or its by-laws or any resolution or take any other action that would have the effect of rescinding the actions
taken to render Chapters 7A and 7B of the MBCA and Article 10 of Mechanical Dynamics' by-laws inapplicable to the Offer, the Merger and the related transactions. 

        No Shopping.
    Mechanical Dynamics has agreed in the Merger Agreement that until the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 1.05 of the Merger Agreement) or the termination of the Merger Agreement, neither it nor any of its officers, directors, agents, financial advisers, attorneys, accountants or other
representatives will, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or encourage submission of proposals or offers from any person (other than MSC or the Purchaser or their affiliates) relating to, or
that could reasonably be expected to lead to, a Business Combination (as defined below) or participate in any negotiations or discussions regarding, or furnish to any other person any information with
respect to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, or assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage, any effort or attempt by any other person to do or seek a Business Combination, other than to
advise such person of the existence and content of the provisions in the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, however, Mechanical Dynamics may, in response to an unsolicited written
proposal from a third party with respect to a Business Combination that Mechanical Dynamics Board determines, in its good faith judgment, after consultation with and the receipt of the advice of its
financial advisor and outside counsel, is a Superior Proposal (as defined below), (i) furnish access and information to, and negotiate, explore or otherwise engage in substantive discussions
with such third party, only if Mechanical Dynamics' Board determines, in its good faith judgment after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that failing to take such action would constitute a
breach of the fiduciary duties of Mechanical Dynamics' Board under applicable law and (ii) take and disclose to Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders a position with respect to another Business
Combination proposal, or amend or withdraw such position, pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 under the Exchange Act. 

        Mechanical
Dynamics has also agreed that neither its Board nor any committee thereof may (i) withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to
MSC or the Purchaser, the recommendation by the Board or any such committee that the holders of the Shares accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer, (ii) approve or
recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, a Business Combination or (iii) cause Mechanical Dynamics to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition
agreement or other similar agreement related to any Business Combination. The Merger Agreement provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in response to an unsolicited Business Combination proposal
from a third party, if Mechanical Dynamics' Board determines, in its good faith judgment, that such proposal is a Superior Proposal and that failure to do any of the actions set forth in clauses (i),
(ii) or (iii) above would constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties of Mechanical Dynamics' Board under applicable law, Mechanical Dynamics' Board may (x) withdraw or modify the
recommendation that the holders of the Shares accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer, approve or recommend a Business Combination or cause Mechanical Dynamics to enter into a
Business Combination or engage
in any of the other activities described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above and (y) negotiate with a third party with respect to such Business Combination proposal and, subject
to Mechanical Dynamics having paid to MSC a fee in the amount of $3,000,000 as liquidated damages within five business days and having entered into a definitive agreement with respect to such Business
Combination proposal, terminate the Merger Agreement. 

        For
purposes of the Merger Agreement, "Business Combination" means (other than the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement) (a) a merger, consolidation or other business
combination, share exchange, sale of shares of capital stock, tender offer or exchange offer or similar transaction involving Mechanical Dynamics or any of its subsidiaries, (b) the acquisition
in any manner, directly or indirectly, of a material interest in any Mechanical Dynamics' capital stock or voting debt of, or a material equity interest in the assets of, Mechanical Dynamics or any of
its subsidiaries, including any single or multi-step transaction or series of related transactions that is structured to permit a third party to acquire beneficial ownership of a majority
or greater equity interest in Mechanical Dynamics, or (c) the acquisition in any manner, directly or indirectly, of any material portion of the business or assets (other than immaterial or
insubstantial assets or inventory in the ordinary course of business or assets held for sale) of Mechanical Dynamics or any subsidiary. For purposes of the Merger Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means
a proposed Business Combination involving at least 50% of the shares of Mechanical Dynamics capital stock or a material portion of the assets of Mechanical Dynamics that the Mechanical Dynamics' Board
determines, after consulting with Mechanical Dynamics' financial advisors and outside counsel, is financially superior to the transactions contemplated by the Offer and the Merger and it appears that
the party making the proposal is reasonably likely to have the funds necessary to consummate the Business Combination. 

        Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance.
    The Merger Agreement requires that MSC, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, cause the Surviving Corporation to honor all Mechanical Dynamics' obligations to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present or former directors or officers of Mechanical
Dynamics and its subsidiaries and to advance expenses to them for acts or omissions by such directors and officers occurring at or prior to the Effective Time to the extent that such obligations of
Mechanical Dynamics exist on the date of the Merger Agreement, whether pursuant to Mechanical Dynamics' charter or by-laws, individual indemnity agreements or otherwise, and these
obligations will survive the Merger and will continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms of Mechanical Dynamics' charter and by-laws and such individual indemnity
agreements from the Effective Time. In addition, the charter and by-laws of the Surviving Corporation will contain provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification, advancement
of expenses and exculpation of former or present directors, officers and employees than are presently set forth in the Mechanical Dynamics charter or by-laws. The Merger Agreement also
provides that for a period of six years after the Effective Time, MSC will cause to be maintained in effect, at no expense to the beneficiaries, the current policies of directors' and officers'
liability insurance currently maintained by Mechanical Dynamics with respect to claims arising from or relating to actions or omissions, or alleged actions or omissions, occurring on or prior to the
Effective Time. 

        Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Shareholders Meeting.
    The Merger Agreement provides that if the approval of the Merger
Agreement by Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders is required, as soon as
reasonably practicable following the expiration of the Offer, Mechanical Dynamics and MSC will, at MSC's request, prepare and file with the Commission a proxy statement and related materials (the
"Proxy Statement") in preliminary form, and each of Mechanical Dynamics and MSC will use its reasonable best efforts to respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments of the Commission
with respect thereto. Mechanical Dynamics will notify MSC promptly of the receipt of any comments from the Commission or its staff and of any request by the Commission or its staff for amendments or
supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information and will supply MSC with copies of all correspondence between Mechanical Dynamics or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and
the Commission or its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement. If at any time prior to approval of the Merger Agreement by the Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders there occurs any
event that should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, Mechanical Dynamics will as promptly as reasonably practicable prepare and mail to its shareholders such an
amendment or supplement. Mechanical Dynamics will not mail any Proxy Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, to which MSC reasonably objects. Subject to the 

foregoing, the Merger Agreement requires Mechanical Dynamics to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders as promptly as
reasonably practicable after filing with the Commission. 

        If
the approval of the Merger Agreement by Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders is required, at MSC's request, as soon as reasonably practicable following the expiration of the Offer, the
Merger Agreement requires Mechanical Dynamics to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders for the purpose of seeking approval of the Merger Agreement by the Mechanical
Dynamics shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Purchaser or any other subsidiary of MSC acquires at least 90% of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer, the parties will, at the
request of MSC, take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable after the expiration of the Offer without a shareholders meeting in
accordance with Sections 450.1711 and 450.1735 of the MBCA. MSC will cause all Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer and all other Shares owned by MSC, the Purchaser or any other subsidiary of MSC to
be voted in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

        Employee Matters.
    The Merger Agreement provides that employees of Mechanical Dynamics will be entitled to compensation and
incentive arrangements similar to compensation and incentive arrangements offered by MSC to its similarly situated employees and will set aside a pool of 300,000 stock options under it's stock option
plan for grants of stock options to such employees, in the sole discretion of the MSC. With respect to any employee of Mechanical Dynamics that is terminated without cause, MSC will provide severance
pay comparable to that made available to similarly situated employees of MSC terminated without cause. 

        In
addition, to the extent permitted under applicable law and the applicable employee benefit plans, employees of Mechanical Dynamics and its subsidiaries will receive full credit for
purposes of eligibility under such employee benefit plans or arrangements maintained by MSC in which such employees participate to the same extent as if such employees had been employees of MSC during
such employees' tenure with Mechanical Dynamics. To the extent permitted under applicable Law and the applicable welfare benefit plans, MSC will, or will cause the Surviving Corporation to,
(i) waive all limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to any participation
and coverage requirements applicable to the employees of Mechanical Dynamics under any MSC welfare benefit plans in which such employees may be eligible to participate after the Effective Time, other
than limitations or waiting periods that are already in effect with respect to such employees and that have not been satisfied as of the Effective Time, and (ii) provide each such employee with
credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time in satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any MSC
welfare benefit plans that such employees are eligible to participate in after the Effective Time. 

        Designation of Directors.
    The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly upon the acceptance for payment by the Purchaser of,
and the payment by the Purchaser for, any Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer, the Purchaser will be entitled to designate the number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on
the Mechanical Dynamics' Board such that the percentage of its designees on the Mechanical Dynamics' Board will equal the percentage of the outstanding Shares owned by MSC and its subsidiaries.
Mechanical Dynamics is obligated upon such request to take all actions available to it to cause the Purchaser's designees to be so elected. 

        Conditions of the Merger.
    Under the Merger Agreement, the respective obligations of each party to consummate the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions that (1) if required by law, the Merger Agreement has been adopted by the requisite vote of Mechanical Dynamics' shareholders, (2) no
statute, rule, regulation, legislation or interpretation shall have been enacted, enforced, promulgated, amended or issued which prohibits the completion of the Merger, (3) no party to the
Merger Agreement will be subject to any order or injunction of a court of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the Merger and (4) MSC, the Purchaser or their affiliates shall have purchased,
or caused to be purchased, Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

        Termination Events.
    The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Offer and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to
the Effective Time (notwithstanding any approval thereof by the Mechanical Dynamics shareholders): 

(a)
by
mutual written consent of MSC, the Purchaser and Mechanical Dynamics, duly authorized by the Board of Directors of such parties;

(b)
by
either MSC or Mechanical Dynamics, duly authorized by the Board of Directors of such parties:

(i)
unless
the Shares have been purchased pursuant to the Offer, if the Merger is not consummated on or before September 30, 2002, unless the failure
to consummate the Merger is the result of a material breach of the Merger Agreement by the party seeking to terminate;

(ii)
if
any governmental entity issues an order, decree or ruling or takes any other action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the
Offer or the Merger and such order, decree, ruling or other action has become final and nonappealable; or

(iii)
if
the Offer has expired or has been terminated in accordance with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement without Shares having been purchased
pursuant to the Offer; 
provided
, 
however
, that the terminating party is not then in material breach of
any representation, warranty or covenant contained in the Merger Agreement; 

(c)
by
MSC, duly authorized by the Board of Directors, prior to the acceptance of Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer, if Mechanical Dynamics breaches or fails to perform in any
material respect any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in the Merger Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (1) would give rise to the failure of a condition set
forth in Section 14, and (2) cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of written notice to Mechanical Dynamics of such breach (provided that MSC is not then
in material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in the Merger Agreement);

(d)
by
MSC, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, if the Mechanical Dynamics' Board or any committee thereof withdraws the Company Recommendation (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
or its approval or recommendation of the Merger Agreement or the Merger (it being understood and agreed that a communication by the Mechanical Dynamics Board to the shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics
pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f)(3) of the Exchange Act (or 

any
similar communication to the shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics in connection with the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer) shall not be deemed to constitute a withdrawal of the
Company Recommendation or its recommendation of the Merger Agreement or the Merger) or approves any Mechanical Dynamics Takeover Proposal; 

(e)
by
Mechanical Dynamics, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, prior to the acceptance of Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer, if MSC breaches or fails to perform in any
material respect any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in the Merger Agreement, which breach or failure to perform cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after
the giving of written notice to MSC of such breach (provided that Mechanical Dynamics is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant in the Merger Agreement);

(f)
by
Mechanical Dynamics, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, if Mechanical Dynamics has entered into or publicly announced its intention to enter into an agreement or an
agreement in principle with respect to a Superior Proposal, in strict compliance with the terms of the Merger Agreement; provided, however, that the right to terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to
this provision will not be available if (1) Mechanical Dynamics has breached any obligation under Section 5.02 of the Merger Agreement, and (2) Mechanical Dynamics has failed to
pay the fee that it is
required to pay pursuant to Section 8.03 of the Merger Agreement prior to or concurrently with such termination; or

(g)
by
MSC, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, if Mechanical Dynamics has entered into or publicly announced its intention to enter into an agreement or an agreement in principle
with respect to a Business Combination with a third party other than MSC or the Purchaser, or any person or group, other than MSC or the Purchaser or any of their affiliates, becomes the beneficial
owner of 50% or more or the voting power of Mechanical Dynamics or the outstanding Shares. 

        Fees and Expenses.
    Except as provided in "Termination Fees" below, each party shall bear its own expenses in connection with
the Merger Agreement. 

        Termination Fees.
    Mechanical Dynamics has agreed in the Merger Agreement to pay MSC a fee equal to $3,000,000, if: 


the
Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to clauses (d), (f) or (g) under "Termination Events";


the
Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to clause (c) under "Termination Events" and within twelve months thereafter Mechanical Dynamics enters
into an agreement with respect to a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal (A) with whom Mechanical Dynamics (or its agents) had negotiations with a view to a Business
Combination constituting a Superior Proposal, (B) to whom Mechanical Dynamics (or its agents) furnished information with a view to a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal or
(C) who had submitted a proposal for a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal, in the case of each of clauses (A), (B) and (C), after the date of the Merger agreement and
prior to such termination; or


the
Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to clause (b)(i) under "Termination Events" at a time when (A) the Minimum Tender Condition
is not satisfied; (B) there is a publicly announced offer outstanding by a third party to complete a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal; and (C) no other condition to
the Offer is unsatisfied, and within twelve (12) months thereafter Mechanical Dynamics enters into an agreement with respect to a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal or a
Business Combination occurs, in either case involving the third party referred to above. 

        Amendments.
    Subject to applicable law, the Merger Agreement may be amended by the parties by execution of an instrument in
writing signed by all parties at any time before or after receipt of the approval of the Merger Agreement by the Mechanical Dynamics shareholders; 

provided
, 
however
, that
after receipt of such shareholder approval, there shall be made no amendment that by law requires further approval by the shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics without the further approval of such
shareholders. 

The Voting Agreements  

        The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Voting Agreements, dated as of March 15, 2002 among MSC and certain shareholders of Mechanical
Dynamics (the "Voting Agreements"). 

        Tender of Shares.
    Subject to certain permitted dispositions of Shares, certain shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics (the
"Shareholders") have agreed to tender all of their Shares in the Offer. The Shareholders own, in the aggregate, 23.3% of the outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis. 

        Vote in favor of Merger.
    Each of the Shareholders further agreed that from the date of the respective Voting Agreements until
the termination of the Merger Agreement or the Effective Time of the Merger, such Shareholder will vote such Shareholder's Shares (i) in favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement, the Merger and all the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the respective Voting Agreements and otherwise in such manner as may be necessary to consummate the Merger;
(ii) against any action relating to a Business Combination with a third party other than MSC or the Purchaser; and (iii) against any action, that could impede, interfere, frustrate,
nullify or discourage the Merger, could facilitate an acquisition of Mechanical Dynamics by a third party (other than MSC or the Purchaser) or could reasonably result in any of the conditions to
Mechanical Dynamics' obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled. 

        Irrevocable Proxy.
    Pursuant to the respective Voting Agreements, each of the Shareholders irrevocably appointed MSC as such
Shareholder's attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full power of substitution, to vote and otherwise act (by written consent or otherwise) with respect to such Shareholder's shares of Mechanical Dynamics
Common Stock at any meeting of shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics or by written consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise, on the matters and in the manner specified in the paragraph above. 

        Pursuant
to the respective Voting Agreements, each Shareholder revoked all other proxies and powers of attorney with respect to such Shareholder's shares of Mechanical Dynamics Common
Stock. Furthermore, each Shareholder agreed to tender such Shareholder's shares of Mechanical Dynamics Common Stock. 

        No Inconsistent Arrangements.
    Each of the Shareholders further agreed that, except as contemplated by the respective Voting
Agreements, such Shareholder will not (i) transfer (which term shall include any sale, gift (other than a gift to a donee who agrees in writing with MSC to be bound by the terms of such Voting
Agreement), pledge (other than a pledge which does not impair such Shareholder's ability
to perform under such Voting Agreement) or other disposition), or consent to any transfer of, any or all of the Shares or any interest therein, (ii) enter into any contract, option or other
agreement or understanding with respect to any transfer of any or all of the Shares or any interest therein, (iii) grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other
authorization in or with respect to the Shares, (iv) deposit the Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to the Shares or (v) take any
other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere with the performance of its obligations thereunder or the transactions contemplated by such Voting Agreement or by the Merger Agreement. 

The Stock Option Agreement  

        The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Stock Option Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2002, between MSC and Mechanical Dynamics (the
"Option Agreement"). 

        Option Grant.
    Under the Option Agreement, Mechanical Dynamics has granted to MSC an irrevocable option (the "Option") to
purchase up to 1,177,309 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Mechanical Dynamics Common Stock (the "Option Shares"), at a price of $18.85 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

        In
the event of any change in the number of issued and outstanding Shares by reason of any stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization, merger, rights offering, share exchange, or
other change in the corporate or capital structure of Mechanical Dynamics, MSC will receive, upon exercise of the Option, the number and class of stock or other securities, cash, or property to which
Mechanical Dynamics would have been entitled if MSC had exercised the Option and had been a holder of record of Shares on the record date fixed for determination of holders of Shares entitled to
receive such stock or other securities, cash, or property at the same aggregate price as the aggregate exercise price of the shares initially subject to the Option. 

        Option Exercise.
    Prior to the earlier of (i) the Effective Time of the Merger, (ii) the termination of the
Merger Agreement by mutual written consent of MSC, the Purchaser and Mechanical Dynamics, (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement by Mechanical Dynamics in the event that any governmental
entity issues an order, decree or ruling which effectively prohibits the Merger or if the Offer has expired or has been terminated in accordance with the Merger Agreement without Shares having been
purchased pursuant to the Offer provided, that Mechanical Dynamics is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in the Merger Agreement, (iv) the
termination of the Merger Agreement by Mechanical Dynamics in the event that MSC breaches or fails to perform in any material respect any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in
the Merger Agreement and such breach or failure is not cured within the stipulated cure period or (v) one year after the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms unless
Section 8.03(a)(ii) or Section 8.03(a)(iii) of the Merger Agreement applies, in which event the Option will
expire one year after Mechanical Dynamics enters into an agreement with respect to a Business Combination or a Business Combination occurs (the "Expiration Date"), MSC may exercise the Option in whole
or in part, at any time on or after the occurrence of an Exercise Event (as defined below). 

        Each
of the following is an "Exercise Event": 

          (i)  termination
of the Merger Agreement by MSC as a result of Mechanical Dynamics' Board withdrawing Mechanical Dynamic's recommendation or approval of the Merger
Agreement; 

        (ii)  termination
of the Merger Agreement by Mechanical Dynamics as a result of Mechanical Dynamics entering into or publicly announcing its intention to enter into an
agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal; 

        (iii)  termination
of the Merger Agreement by MSC as a result of Mechanical Dynamics entering into or publicly announcing an agreement with respect to a Business Combination
with a party other than MSC or Purchaser or any person or group, other than MSC or the Purchaser or any of their affiliates, becomes the beneficial owner of 50% or more or the voting power of
Mechanical Dynamics or the outstanding Shares; 

        (iv)  if,
prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, any person, other than MSC or any of its affiliates, has commenced, or has filed a
registration statement with respect to a tender offer or exchange offer to purchase any Shares such that, upon 

consummation of such offer, such person would own or control 10% or more of the outstanding Shares, or 

        (v)  prior
to the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, there is a public announcement of a proposal by any person, other than MSC or any of its
affiliates, to complete a Business Combination of Mechanical Dynamics that constitutes a Superior Proposal. 

        If
the Option becomes exercisable because of an Exercise Event described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, MSC in lieu of exercising the Option, will have the right at
any time thereafter, prior to the Expiration Date, to request in writing that Mechanical Dynamics pay to MSC within five business days, an amount in cash (the "Cancellation Amount") equal to
(i) the lesser of 

        (x)  the
excess, if any, over the Option exercise price of the greater of (A) the last sale price of a share of Mechanical Dynamics Common Stock as reported on the
Nasdaq Stock Market on the last trading day prior to the date of the cancellation request, (B) the highest price per share of Mechanical Dynamics Common Stock offered to be paid or paid in
connection with the Superior Proposal or Business Combination giving rise to such cancellation request, and (C) if the Superior Proposal or Business Combination giving rise to such cancellation
request is structured as an asset acquisition, the highest aggregate consideration offered to be paid or paid in such transaction or proposed transaction, divided by the number of shares of Mechanical
Dynamics Common Stock then outstanding, and 

        (y)  $2,000,000
divided by the initial number of Option Shares covered by the Option, multiplied by (ii) the number of Option Shares then covered by the Option. 

        In
the event that MSC, at any time prior to the first anniversary of the occurrence of the first Exercise Event, sells, pledges, or otherwise disposes of (including, without limitation,
by merger or exchange) any of the Option Shares, MSC shall remit to Mechanical Dynamics, within five business days, the amount, if any, by which the amount received by MSC in such sale, less the
exercise price of the Option Shares sold in the sale, when added to the Cancellation Amount previously paid, and the option share profit from prior sales of Option Shares not remitted to Mechanical
Dynamics, exceeds $2,000,000. 

        Registration Rights.
    The Option Agreement further provides that, upon the exercise of the Option, Mechanical Dynamics, if
requested by MSC or other holder of the Option Shares shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
The Option Agreement also provides MSC with "piggy-back" registration rights if Mechanical Dynamics, at any time after the exercise of the Option, proposes to register any Mechanical
Dynamics securities or rights representing Mechanical Dynamics securities. 

12.    
Source and Amount of Funds.    

        The Offer is not subject to any financing condition. The Purchaser estimates that the total amount of funds required to acquire the outstanding Shares pursuant to
the Offer and to pay related fees and expenses will be approximately $131,166,000. See Section 16. The Purchaser expects to obtain the funds required to consummate the Offer through capital
contributions or advances made by MSC. 

        MSC
has obtained a commitment letter (the "Commitment Letter") from Comerica Bank California and/or Comerica Bank ("Comerica") to provide senior bank financing (the "Proposed Credit
Facilities") to MSC and Mechanical Dynamics, jointly and severally, in the aggregate amount of $85 million. The Proposed Credit Facilities will be comprised of: (i) a senior secured term
loan in the aggregate amount of $65 million which will mature four years from the date of closing and (ii) a three year revolving credit facility in the aggregate amount of $20,000,000
(including a $3,000,000 swingline component and $5,000,000 in stand-by letter of credit availability). 

        Comerica
Bank will also act as Arranger and Syndication, Documentation and Administrative Agent for the Proposed Credit Facilities (in such capacity, the "Agent"). It is expected that
the Proposed Credit Facilities will be funded by a syndicate of financial institutions and institutional lenders including the Agent. 

        All
obligations under the Proposed Credit Facilities will be secured by substantially all of the assets tangible and intangible of MSC and its domestic subsidiaries, including a first
priority pledge of all capital stock of material domestic subsidiaries (except MSC would not be required to pledge the stock of subsidiaries of Mechanical Dynamics until MSC owns 100% of Mechanical
Dynamics' outstanding stock) and 65% of material foreign subsidiaries. 

        The
proceeds of the term credit facility can be used by MSC to finance the acquisition of up to 100% of the shares of Mechanical Dynamics by the Purchaser and to pay the related
transaction costs. The proceeds of the revolving credit facility may be used by MSC for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

        Amounts
drawn under the senior term credit facility and the revolving credit facility are expected to bear interest at (i) the applicable margin in excess of the base rate (which
is the higher of 1.0% in excess of the federal funds rate and the rate that the Agent announces from time to time as its prime or base commercial lending rate) or (ii) the applicable margin in
excess of the Eurocurrency rate (adjusted for reserves to the extent incurred) as determined by the Agent for the respective interest period. 

        Comerica's
commitment under the Commitment Letter regarding the Proposed Credit Facilities will terminate on May 31, 2002, unless on or before that date MSC consummates the
financing; provided, however, in the event that MSC receives a second request for information under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") in connection
with the Merger, Comerica's commitment will be extended to September 30, 2002. 

        The
obligations of Comerica under the Commitment Letter with respect to the term credit facility are subject to the following conditions, among others: (1) the preparation,
execution and delivery of loan documentation including a loan agreement, promissory notes, guaranties, security agreements, stock pledges, mortgages and other documents reasonably satisfactory to
Comerica; (2) the acquisition by MSC or a subsidiary of MSC of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of stock of Mechanical Dynamics; (3) the absence of a material adverse change in
the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, business, results or operations of MSC and its subsidiaries or Mechanical Dynamics and its subsidiaries; (4) the absence of any omission,
inconsistency, inaccuracy or any change in the accounting
standards of MSC; (5) the receipt of a pro forma unaudited consolidated balance sheet and statement of the operations of MSC and its subsidiaries (including Mechanical Dynamics) as of closing
of the Proposed Credit Facilities which shall not differ in any material adverse respect from the information previously provided by MSC; (6) the receipt of all governmental, third party and
other approvals, permits and registrations necessary or appropriate in connection with the proposed financing or the Merger; (7) the corporate approvals by MSC and its subsidiaries and
Mechanical Dynamics and its subsidiaries of the documentation relating to the proposed financing; (8) the receipt of customary legal opinions covering the Merger and the proposed financing;
(9) the confirmation that the sources and uses of the Proposed Credit Facilities and the Merger are substantially consistent with the information previously provided to Comerica; and
(10) no material adverse change in the market for syndicated bank credit facilities or material disruption of, or material adverse change in financial, banking or capital market conditions has
occurred (in the sole discretion of Comerica). In addition, the obligations of Comerica under the Commitment Letter with respect to the term and revolving credit facilities are subject to the
consummation of the Merger on terms consistent with the materials provided to Comerica by MSC. 

        Borrowings
under the Proposed Credit Facilities will be subject to the execution of definitive documentation, including a credit agreement, and individual borrowings will be subject to
customary conditions. Among other things, the Proposed Credit Facilities will also contain customary representations and warranties, covenants, mandatory prepayment provisions and events of default.
MSC expects to repay the borrowings under the Proposed Credit Facilities out of cash from operations and the proceeds from other short and long-term debt financings or equity financings. 

        THE
OFFER IS NOT CONDITIONED ON EITHER MSC OR THE PURCHASER OBTAINING FINANCING. 

13.    
Dividends and Distributions.    

        In the Merger Agreement, Mechanical Dynamics has agreed that neither Mechanical Dynamics nor any of its subsidiaries will declare or pay any dividend or
distribution with respect to its capital stock, other than dividends by a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Mechanical Dynamics to its parent. 

14.    
Certain Conditions to the Offer.    

        Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser will not be required to accept for payment, or, subject to any applicable rules
and regulations of the Commission,
including Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to the Purchaser's obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the
Offer), be required to pay for any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer unless the Minimum Tender Condition shall have been met. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Merger
Agreement, the Purchaser will not be required to accept for payment or, subject as aforesaid, to pay for any Shares not theretofore accepted for payment or paid for, and may terminate or amend the
Offer, with the consent of Mechanical Dynamics or if, at the time of the acceptance of such Shares for payment or the payment therefore, any of the following conditions exists: 

(a)
there
shall be pending any suit, action or proceeding by any governmental entity that has a reasonable likelihood of success, (1) challenging the acquisition by MSC or the
Purchaser of any Shares, seeking to restrain or prohibit the making or consummation of the Offer or the Merger or any related transaction or seeking to obtain from Mechanical Dynamics, MSC or the
Purchaser any damages that are material in relation to Mechanical Dynamics and its subsidiaries taken as whole, (2) seeking to prohibit or limit the ownership or operation by Mechanical
Dynamics, MSC or any of their respective subsidiaries of any material portion of the business or assets of Mechanical Dynamics and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or MSC and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole, or to compel Mechanical Dynamics, MSC or any of their respective subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material portion of the business or assets of Mechanical Dynamics and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole or MSC and its subsidiaries taken as a whole as a result of the Offer, the Merger or any related transaction, (3) seeking to impose limitations on the ability of
MSC or the Purchaser to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of ownership of, any Shares, including the right to vote the Shares purchased by it on all matters properly presented to the
shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics or (4) seeking to prohibit MSC or any of its subsidiaries from effectively controlling in any material respect the business or operations of Mechanical
Dynamics and its subsidiaries;

(b)
the
applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has not expired or been terminated;

(c)
any
statute, rule, regulation, legislation, interpretation, judgment, order or injunction shall be enacted, entered, enforced, promulgated, amended or issued with respect to, or
deemed applicable to, or any consent or approval withheld with respect to, (1) MSC, Mechanical Dynamics or any of their respective subsidiaries or (2) the Offer, the Merger or any
related 

transaction,
by any governmental entity that is reasonably likely to result, directly or indirectly, in any of the consequences referred to in paragraph (a) above; 

(d)
except
as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or Mechanical Dynamics' Disclosure Letter (as defined in the Merger Agreement), since the
date of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents, there shall have occurred any event, change, effect or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has
had or is reasonably likely to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) other than any event, change, effect or development to the extent resulting from the
announcement of the Merger Agreement and/or compliance by Mechanical Dynamics with the covenants set forth therein;

(e)
the
Mechanical Dynamics' Board or any committee thereof shall have withdrawn its approval or recommendation of the Merger Agreement or the Merger or approved or recommended any
Business Combination with any person other than MSC and the Purchaser;

(f)
any
of the representations and warranties of Mechanical Dynamics in the Merger Agreement (without regard to any materiality qualifications contained therein) shall not be true and
correct as of such time (or, to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relates to an earlier date, on and as of such earlier date) and such untruth or incorrectness has had or would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement);

(g)
Mechanical
Dynamics shall have failed to perform any obligation or to comply with any agreement or covenant of Mechanical Dynamics to be performed or complied with by it under the
Merger Agreement and such failure has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect;

(h)
the
Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms; or

(i)
any
of the voting agreements with shareholders shall not remain in full force and effect. 

which,
in the good faith judgment of the Purchaser or MSC, in any such case, and regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition (including any action or inaction by MSC or any of
its affiliates), makes it inadvisable to proceed with such acceptance for payment or payment. 

        The
foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of the Purchaser and MSC and may be asserted by the Purchaser or MSC regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such condition or
may (subject to Section 1.01 of the Merger Agreement) be waived by the Purchaser and MSC in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in their sole discretion. The failure by MSC, the
Purchaser or any other affiliate of MSC at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right, the waiver of any such right with respect to particular
facts and circumstances shall not be deemed a waiver with respect to any other facts and circumstances and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from
time to time. 

15.    
Certain Legal Matters; Required Regulatory Approvals.    

        Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase, based on its review of publicly available filings by Mechanical Dynamics with the Commission and other information
regarding Mechanical Dynamics, the Purchaser and Mechanical Dynamics are not aware of any licenses or regulatory permits that would be material to the business of Mechanical Dynamics and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that might be adversely affected by the Purchaser's acquisition of Shares or, except to the extent required by any foreign regulatory authorities, any filings,
approvals or other actions by or with any domestic, foreign or supranational governmental authority or administrative or regulatory agency that would be required prior to the acquisition of Shares by
the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. Should any such approval or 

other action be required, there can be no assurance that any such additional approval or action, if needed, would be obtained without substantial conditions or that adverse consequences might not
result to Mechanical Dynamics' business, or that certain parts of Mechanical Dynamics' or MSC's business might not have to be disposed of or held separate or other substantial conditions complied with
in order to obtain such approval or action or in the event that such approvals were not obtained or such actions were not taken. The Purchaser's obligation to purchase and pay for Shares is subject to
certain conditions which may be applicable under such circumstances. See the Introduction and Section 14 for a description of certain conditions to the Offer. 

        Antitrust.
    Under the HSR Act and the rules and regulations that have been promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade
Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition transactions may not be consummated until certain information and documentary material have been furnished for review by the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. 

        A
Notification and Report Form with respect to the Offer was filed under the HSR Act on March 18, 2002, and the waiting period with respect to the Offer under the HSR Act will
expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the fifteenth calendar day after such filing, or April 2, 2002, unless terminated prior thereto. Before such time, however, either the FTC or
the Antitrust Division may extend the waiting period by requesting additional information or material from the Purchaser. If such request is made, the waiting period will expire at 11:59 p.m.,
New York City time, on the tenth calendar day after the Purchaser has substantially complied with such request. Thereafter, the waiting period may be extended only by court order or with the
Purchaser's consent. The waiting period will not be affected either by the failure of Mechanical Dynamics (as opposed to MSC and the Purchaser) to file a Notification and Report form or to
comply with any request for additional information or materials issued by the FTC or the Antitrust Division. 

        The
Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under the antitrust laws of transactions such as the acquisition of Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer
and the Merger. At any time before or after the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer by the Purchaser, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the antitrust laws as either
deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the divestiture of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer or the
divestiture of substantial assets of MSC, the Purchaser, Mechanical Dynamics or their respective subsidiaries. Private parties as well as state attorneys general may also bring legal actions under the
antitrust laws under certain circumstances. Based upon an examination of information available to the Purchaser relating to the
businesses in which MSC, the Purchaser, Mechanical Dynamics and their respective subsidiaries are engaged, the Purchaser and Mechanical Dynamics believe that the Offer and the Merger will not violate
the antitrust laws. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer or the Merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or that, if such a challenge is made, what the result will
be. See Section 14 for certain conditions to the Offer. 

        State Takeover Statutes.
    A number of states have adopted takeover laws and regulations which purport, to varying degrees, to
be applicable to attempts to acquire securities of corporations which are incorporated in such states or which have substantial assets, security holders, principal executive offices or principal
places of business therein. 

        Chapters
7A and 7B of the MBCA affect attempts to acquire control of certain Michigan corporations like Mechanical Dynamics. In general, under Chapter 7A, "business combinations"
(defined to include, among other transactions, certain mergers, dispositions of assets or shares and recapitalizations) between covered Michigan business corporations or their subsidiaries and an
"interested shareholder" (defined as the direct or indirect beneficial owner of at least 10% of the voting power of a covered corporation's outstanding shares) can only be consummated if approved by 

at least 90% of the votes of each class of the corporation's shares entitled to vote and by at least two-thirds of such voting shares not held by the interested shareholder or affiliates, unless five
years have elapsed after the person involved became an "interested shareholder" and unless certain price and other conditions are satisfied. As permitted under the MBCA, in connection with the
approval of the Offer and the Merger, the Board of Directors of Mechanical Dynamics elected that the merger of Mechanical Dynamics with the Purchaser not be subject to Chapter 7A. 

        In
general, under Chapter 7B, an entity that acquires "Control Shares" of a covered Michigan corporation may vote the Control Shares on any matter only if a majority of all shares, and
of all non-"Interested Shares", of each class of shares entitled to vote as a class, approve such voting rights. Interested Shares are shares owned by our officers, our employee-directors and the
entity making the Control Share acquisition. Control Shares are shares that when added to shares already owned by an entity, would give the entity voting power in the election of directors over any of
the three thresholds: one-fifth, one-third and a majority. The effect of the statute is to condition the acquisition of voting control of a corporation on the approval of a majority of the
pre-existing disinterested shareholders. As permitted under Chapter 7B, in connection with the approval of the Offer and the Merger, the Board of Directors amended the by-laws of Mechanical
Dynamics to provide that Chapter 7B does not apply to Mechanical Dynamics. 

        Other Foreign Approvals.
    Mechanical Dynamics also leases property and conducts business in Canada, France, Sweden, England,
Germany, Italy, Czech Republic, Japan, China, Singapore and India. In connection with the acquisition of the Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger, the laws of certain of those foreign countries
and jurisdictions may require the filing of information with, or the obtaining of the approval of, governmental authorities in such countries and jurisdictions. The governments in such countries and
jurisdictions might attempt to impose additional conditions on Mechanical Dynamics' operations conducted in such countries and jurisdictions as a result of the acquisition of the
Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger. There can be no assurance that the Purchaser will be able to cause Mechanical Dynamics or its subsidiaries to satisfy or comply with such laws or that
compliance or noncompliance will not have adverse consequences for Mechanical Dynamics or any subsidiary after purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger. 

16.    
Certain Fees and Expenses.    

        Needham & Company, Inc. is acting as the Dealer Manager in connection with the Offer and has provided certain financial advisory services to MSC in
connection with the Offer and the Merger. MSC has agreed to pay Needham & Company, Inc. reasonable and customary compensation for such services. MSC has also agreed to reimburse
Needham & Company, Inc. (in its capacity as Dealer Manager and financial advisor) for its expenses, including the fees of its outside counsel, incurred in connection with its engagement,
and to indemnify Needham & Company, Inc. and certain related persons against certain liabilities and expenses in connection with their engagement, including certain liabilities under the
federal securities laws. Needham & Company, Inc. and its affiliates render various investment banking and other advisory services to MSC and its affiliates and are expected to continue
to render such services, for which they have received and expect to continue to receive customary compensation from MSC and its affiliates. 

        D.F.
King & Co., Inc. has been retained by the Purchaser as Information Agent in connection with the Offer. The Information Agent may contact holders of Shares by mail, telephone, telex,
telegraph and personal interview and may request brokers, dealers and other nominee shareholders to forward material relating to the Offer to beneficial owners. Customary compensation will be paid for
all such services in addition to reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. The Purchaser has agreed to indemnify the Information Agent against certain liabilities and
expenses, including liabilities under the federal securities laws. 

        In
addition, Computershare Trust Company, Inc. has been retained by the Purchaser as the Depositary. The Depositary has not been retained to make solicitations or recommendations in its
role as Depositary. The Depositary will receive reasonable and customary compensation for its services in connection with the Offer, will be reimbursed for its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses, and will be indemnified against certain liabilities and expenses in connection therewith. 

        Except
as set forth above, the Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker, dealer or other person (other than the Dealer Manager and the Information Agent) for
soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies and other nominees will, upon request, be reimbursed by the Purchaser for customary clerical
and mailing expenses incurred by them in forwarding materials to their customers. 

17.    
Miscellaneous.    

        The Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer is prohibited by any administrative or judicial action pursuant to any valid state
statute. If the Purchaser becomes aware of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Shares pursuant thereto, the Purchaser will make a good faith effort to
comply with such state statute. If, after such good faith effort the Purchaser cannot comply with any such state statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf
of) the holders of Shares in such state. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be
made on behalf of the Purchaser by the Dealer Manager or one or more registered brokers or dealers which are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

No person has been authorized to give any information or make any representation on behalf of MSC or the Purchaser not contained in this Offer to Purchase or in
the Letter of Transmittal, and if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized
. 

        The
Purchaser has filed with the Commission a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO, together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer, and may file amendments thereto. Such Schedule TO and any amendments thereto, including
exhibits, may be examined and copies may be obtained from the offices of the Commission in the same manner as described in Section 8 with respect to information concerning Mechanical Dynamics,
except that they will not be available at the regional offices of the Commission. 

SCHEDULE I
  INFORMATION CONCERNING THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
  OF MSC AND THE PURCHASER    

        1.    DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF MSC. The following table sets forth the name, present principal occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices
or employments for the past five years, of each director and executive officer of MSC. The business address and telephone number of each such person is c/o MSC.Software Corporation, 2 MacArthur Place,
Santa Ana, California 92707, (714) 540-8900. Each person listed below is a citizen of the United States. Directors are identified by an asterisk next to their names. 

NAME

PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;

MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS

*Frank Perna, Jr.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (December 1998 to present) of MSC. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, EOS, a privately held provider of power supplies for electrical equipment and notebook computers (1994 to
1998). Mr. Perna also serves as a director of California Amplifier, Inc., a public company that designs and manufactures a broad line of microwave amplifier equipment used with satellite video and terrestrial broadband applications, and as a director
of Geometric Software Solutions Co. Ltd., a public company headquartered in India providing CAD/CAM/CAE/PDM software applications, component technology and development services. Mr. Perna previously served as director of PDA Engineering (1990 to
1994) and was a member of the Board of Directors of PDA Engineering at the time it was acquired by MSC. Mr. Perna is also a member of the Board of Trustees for Kettering University.

Louis A. Greco

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (1983 to present) and Corporate Secretary (1985 to present) of MSC. Mr. Greco has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business with an Accounting Emphasis from California
State University at Los Angeles and a Masters Degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.

Kenneth D. Blakely

Executive Vice President of MSC (January 1999 to present). Prior positions at MSC include Vice President and General Manager of the Aerospace Business Unit; Vice President of Marketing; Director of Product Management; and
Manager of Technical Planning and Product Services. Mr. Blakely has a Bachelors Degree in Engineering and a Masters Degree in Structural Dynamics from the University of California at Los Angeles.

Paul Chermak

Vice President, New Business Asia Pacific of MSC (August 2001 to present). Prior to that, Mr. Chermak was the Vice President and General Manager of Manufacturing at SGI from March 1999 through August 1, 2001 and the
America's Industry Manager and Asia-Pacific Management Director of Hewlett Packard from February 1972 to February 1999.

I-1

Charles Davis

Vice President, Finance and Accounting of MSC (December 13, 2001 to present) and Corporate Controller of MSC (January 15, 2001 to December 13, 2001). Prior to that, Mr. Davis was the Chief Financial Officer
of Crave Entertainment Group, Inc. from August 2000 to January 2001. His prior positions at Crave Entertainment Group, Inc. included Vice President, Finance & Accounting and Corporate Controller. Between August 1996 and December 1997,
Mr. Davis was the Senior Manager, Financial Reporting of Ingram Micro, Inc.

John Di Lullo

Vice President of MSC's Engineering e.com Division (March 2000 to present). He came to us in October 1999. Prior to that, Mr. Di Lullo was the General Manager of Education Systems at Systems and Computer Technology from
December 1997 through October 1999, where he Web-enabled their software products, and was a Senior Director at Time-Warner from October 1994 through December 1997 where he led various internet commerce initiatives. Mr. Di Lullo has a Bachelor of
Science Degree in Mathematics and Masters Degree in Information Systems from Temple University.

Abbas Khoshniyati

Senior Vice President, Systems since July 2001. Before that, he was the Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Advanced Enterprise Solutions, Inc. (July 1991 to July 1, 2001), which was acquired by MSC in
2001.

Nader Khoshniyati

Executive Vice President since July 2001. Before that, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Advanced Enterprise Solutions, Inc. (July 1991 to July 2001), which was acquired by MSC in 2001.

Amir Mobayen

Vice President, New Business Europe of MSC (August 2001 to present). Prior to that, Mr. Mobayen had several positions, including, Executive Vice President, Sales & Marketing, Europe, Vice President, IMB
Global Relations and Vice President, Enterprise Solutions, with Avnet, Inc. between 1997 to 2001.

M. Jeffrey Morgan

Vice President, Software Development MSC's Mechanical Solutions Division (March 2000 to present). Mr. Morgan came to us with the acquisition of Universal Analytics, Inc. where he served as President since 1992. Mr. Morgan
has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Flight Sciences from Columbia University.

I-2

John W. Mowrey

Vice President of Automotive Key Accounts of MSC (September 2000 to present). Prior to that, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of Automated Analysis Corporation, an Ann Arbor services company, from October 1997
to August 2000. Mr. Mowrey has extensive experience in the automotive industry, having served with General Motors from 1962 to 1982, where he held numerous positions including Vehicle Chief Engineer and Executive Director of Planning for Chevrolet.
He moved to American Motors as Vice President of Product Planning, Design and Purchasing in 1982. After its acquisition by DaimlerChrysler in 1987, he went into the engineering services business, first as Chief Executive Officer of Time Engineering
(1988 to 1992), then as executive Vice President of Modern Engineering (1992 to 1996). He became a Senior Consultant to Andersen Consulting in 1996, and subsequently joined Automated Analysis in a relationship with Andersen Consulting. Mr. Mowrey had
a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering from Carnegie-Mellon University and a Masters Degree in Engineering from the University of Michigan.

Richard C. Murphy

Senior Vice PresidentGlobal Sales Operations (January 1999 to present). Prior to that, he was Vice President and General Manager of the Growth Industries Business Unit from February 1997 to December 1998; Vice
President and General Manager of the General Manufacturing Unit from September 1996 to January 1997; Department Director of North American Sales and Support from March 1996 to August 1996; Regional Office Manager of North American Sales and Sales
Support from February 1994 to February 1996; and Sales Representative of North American Sales and Support from April 1991 to January 1994. Mr. Murphy has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering Technology from California State
Polytechnic University in Pomona, California.

Greg Sikes

Vice President, High Performance Computing (March 2000 to present). Mr. Sikes joined MSC in 1993 and has held various positions including Director of Aerospace Development, Manager of Aerospace Products and Product
Manager for MSC.Patran. Mr. Sikes has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the University of Illinois and a Masters Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley.

Dr. Christopher St. John

Vice PresidentGlobal Services since April 1997. Prior to that, he was Director of European Engineering Services from January 1995 to March 1997. Prior to joining us, he worked for ten years in Engineering Education,
lecturing first at the University of London and subsequently at the University of Minnesota. He then worked for ten years as a Consulting Engineer with companies in the United States and the United Kingdom. Dr. St. John received a Bachelor of
Science Degree in Mining Engineering a Ph.D. for research on Numerical Modeling in Rock Mechanics, both from the University of London Imperial College of Science and Technology.

I-3

*Larry S. Barels

Principal, Pacific Capital Resources, Mr. Barels' private consulting practice (1996 to present). Chairman, Driveway Corporation, a provider of Internet file storage solutions (June 1999 to present). Advisor, Vantage Point
Venture Partners (1997 to present). Chairman, Openwave Systems, a publicly held company that develops Internet and intranet-based messaging server software (1995 to 1997). Mr. Barels is currently a director of Miramar Systems (1990 to present) and
Miravant Medical Technologies (1998 to present).

*Donald Glickman

Managing Partner, J.F. Lehman & Company, a private equity investment firm (1993 to present). President of Donald Glickman & Company, a private investment firm (1992 to present). Mr. Glickman currently serves as
Chairman of Elgar Electronics (1998 to present), and as director of Burke Industries (1997 to present), Monro Muffler Brake Inc. (1984 to present), Massachusetts Mutual Corporate Investors (1992 to present), Massachusetts Mutual Participating
Investors (1992 to present) and SCI Incorporated (1998 to present). Monro Muffler Brake Inc., Massachusetts Mutual Corporate Investors and Massachusetts Mutual Participating Investors are publicly held.

*William F. Grun

Mr. Grun is a private investor and consultant. From 1996 to 1999, he was the President and Chief Operating Officer of Optum Software, a privately held supply chain software company. From 1989 to 1996, he was an executive
with AlliedSignal (now Honeywell International) where he held several positions including President of Aerospace Systems and Equipment.

*George N. Riordan

Former Chairman of the Board of MSC (February 1, 1997 to December 14, 1998). Mr. Riordan is also Managing Director, George Riordan & Co., investment bankers (February 1991 to present) and is a director of Pancho's
Mexican Buffet, Inc. (1993 to present). Mr. Riordan was previously a director of Lewis Galoob Toys, Inc. (1994 to 1996).

I-4

        2.    DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE PURCHASER. The name, business address, present principal occupation or employment and five-year employment history of
each of the directors and executive officers of the Purchaser are set forth below. The business address of each such director and executive officer is MSC Acquisition II Corp. c/o MSC.Software
Corporation, 2 MacArthur Place, Santa Ana, California 92707, (714) 540-8900. All such directors and executive officers listed below are citizens of the United States. 

NAME

PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;

MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS

Frank Perna, Jr.

Chief Executive Officer and President of the Purchaser. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (December 1998 to present) of MSC. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, EOS, a privately held provider of power supplies for
electrical equipment and notebook computers (1994 to 1998). Mr. Perna also serves as a director of California Amplifier, Inc., a public company that designs and manufactures a broad line of microwave amplifier equipment used with satellite video and
terrestrial broadband applications, and as a director of Geometric Software Solutions Co. Ltd., a public company headquartered in India providing CAD/CAM/CAE/PDM software applications, component technology and development services. Mr. Perna
previously served as director of PDA Engineering (1990 to 1994) and was a member of the Board of Directors of PDA Engineering at the time it was acquired by MSC. Mr. Perna is also a member of the Board of Trustees for Kettering
University.

Louis A. Greco

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Purchaser. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (1983 to present) and Corporate Secretary (1985 to present) of MSC. Mr. Greco has a Bachelor of Science Degree
in Business with an Accounting Emphasis from California State University at Los Angeles and a Masters Degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.

I-5

        Facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, will be accepted. The Letter of Transmittal, certificates for Shares and any other required documents
should be sent or delivered by each shareholder of Mechanical Dynamics or his broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth below: 

THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER IS:

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, INC.  

BY MAIL:

P.O. Box 1596

Denver, CO 80201-1596

BY HAND:

350 Indiana Street, Suite 800

Golden, CO 80401

BY OVERNIGHT DELIVERY:

350 Indiana Street, Suite 800

Golden, CO 80401

BY FACSIMILE:

(For Eligible Institutions Only) 

(303)
262-0606 

CONFIRMATION RECEIPT OF FACSIMILE BY TELEPHONE:

(303)
262-0600 ext. 4732 

        Questions
and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager at their respective addresses and telephone numbers listed below. Additional copies
of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer materials may be obtained from the Information Agent, and will be furnished promptly at the Purchaser's expense. You may
also contact your broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. 

THE INFORMATION AGENT FOR THE OFFER IS:
D.F. King & Co., Inc.

77 Water Steet

New York, New York 10005 

Banks
and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550

All Others Call Toll-free: (800) 290-6428 

THE DEALER MANAGER FOR THE OFFER IS:  

 Needham & Company, Inc.

445 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

(212) 705-0445  

QuickLinks

IMPORTANT



SUMMARY TERM SHEET

INTRODUCTION

THE OFFER

1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date.

2. Acceptance for Payment and Payment.

3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares.

4. Withdrawal Rights.

5. Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer and the Merger.

6. Price Range of the Shares; Dividends.

7. Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Nasdaq Listing; Margin Regulations and Exchange Act Registration.

8. Certain Information Concerning Mechanical Dynamics.

9. Certain Information Concerning MSC and the Purchaser.

10. Background of the Offer; Contacts with Mechanical Dynamics.

11. Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for Mechanical Dynamics; Certain Conditions.

12. Source and Amount of Funds.

13. Dividends and Distributions.

14. Certain Conditions to the Offer.

15. Certain Legal Matters; Required Regulatory Approvals.

16. Certain Fees and Expenses.

17. Miscellaneous.

SCHEDULE I INFORMATION CONCERNING THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF MSC AND THE PURCHASER

EX-99.(A)(1)(B)

a2073702zex-99_a1b.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)(B)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 99(a)(1)(B)  

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL  

To Tender Shares of Common Stock  

 of  

MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC.  

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase Dated March 22, 2002  

 by

MSC ACQUISITION II CORP.,  

a wholly owned subsidiary of  

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION  

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME

ON APRIL 18, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER IS:  

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, INC.

BY MAIL:

P.O. Box 1596

Denver, CO 80201-1596

BY HAND:

350 Indiana Street, Suite 800

Golden, CO 80401

BY OVERNIGHT DELIVERY:

350 Indiana Street, Suite 800

Golden, CO 80401

BY FACSIMILE:

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

(303) 262-0606

CONFIRMATION RECEIPT OF FACSIMILE BY TELEPHONE:

(303) 262-0600 ext. 4732 

DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS, OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE NUMBER, OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE, DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID
DELIVERY.  

        THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED. 

DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED

Shares Tendered

(Attach Additional Signed List if Necessary)

Name(s) and Address(es)

of Registered Holder(s) (Please Fill in, if Blank, Exactly as Name(s) Appear(s) on Share Certificate(s))

Share Certificate Number(s)*

Total Number of Shares Represented by Share Certificate(s)

Number of Shares Tendered**

TOTAL SHARES

*
Need
not be completed if transfer is made by book-entry transfer.

**
Unless
otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares described above are being tendered. See Instruction 4. 

        This
Letter of Transmittal is to be used either if (a) certificates are to be forwarded herewith or (b) unless an Agent's Message (as defined in Instruction 2 below) is
utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made by book-entry transfer to an account maintained by the Depositary (as defined below) at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as
defined in and pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase). 

        DELIVERY
OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. 

        IF
ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED SEE INSTRUCTION 11. 

        Holders
whose certificates for Shares ("Share Certificates") are not immediately available or who cannot deliver either the certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to, their Shares, and all other documents required hereby to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) must
tender their Shares in accordance with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2. 

o

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER MADE TO AN ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER):

Name of Tendering Institution

Account Number at Book-Entry Transfer Facility

Transaction Code Number

o

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

Name(s) of Registered Holder(s)

Window Ticket No. (if any)

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery

Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery

If delivered by Book-Entry Transfer check box:    
o

Name of Tendering Institution

Account Number at Book-Entry Transfer Facility

Transaction Code Number

NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW. PLEASE READ THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.    

        Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

        The
undersigned hereby tenders to MSC ACQUISITION II CORP., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
("MSC"), the above-described shares of common stock, no par value (the "Shares"), of MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC., a Michigan corporation ("Mechanical Dynamics"), at a price of $18.85 per Share,
net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon (the "Offer Price") upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchaser's Offer to Purchase dated March 22, 2002 (the "Offer to
Purchase") and this Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto or hereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged. 

        Upon
the terms of the Offer, subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of, and payment for, the Shares tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the
undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, the Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all the Shares that are being tendered hereby (and any and all other
Shares or other securities issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after March 15, 2002) and irrevocably constitutes and appoints Computershare Trust Company, Inc. (the "Depositary"), the true and
lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned, with full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest),
to the full extent of the undersigned's rights with respect to such Shares (and any such other Shares or securities or rights), (a) to deliver certificates for such Shares (and any such other
Shares or securities or rights) or transfer ownership of such Shares (and any such other Shares or securities or rights) on the account books maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
together, in any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity to, or upon the order of, the Purchaser, (b) to present such Shares (and any such other Shares or
securities or rights) for transfer on Mechanical Dynamics' books and (c) to receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares (and any such other
Shares or securities or rights), all in accordance with the terms of the Offer. 

        The
undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints Frank J. Perna and Louis A. Greco, or either of them, and any other individual designated by either of them or the Purchaser, and each of them
individually, the attorneys-in-fact and proxies of the undersigned, each with full power of substitution, to vote at any annual, special or adjourned meeting of Mechanical
Dynamics' shareholders or otherwise in such manner as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his or her substitute shall in his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect
to, to execute any written consent concerning any matter as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his or her substitute shall in his or her sole discretion deem proper with
respect to, and to otherwise act as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his or her substitute shall in his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to, the Shares
tendered hereby that have been accepted for payment by the Purchaser prior to the time any such action is taken and with respect to which the undersigned is entitled to vote. This appointment is
effective when, and only to the extent that, the Purchaser accepts for payment such Shares as provided in the Offer to Purchase. This proxy is coupled with an interest in the Shares tendered hereby
and is irrevocable and is granted in consideration of the acceptance for payment of such Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior powers of
attorney, proxies and consents given by the undersigned with respect to such Shares (and any such other Shares or securities or rights) will, without further action, be revoked and no subsequent
powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given (and, if given, will not be deemed effective) by the undersigned. 

        The
undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the tendered Shares and, when the same are accepted
for payment by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will acquire good title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, claims and encumbrances and the same will not be subject to any adverse claim.
The undersigned will, upon request, execute any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or the Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the
tendered Shares (and any such other Shares or other securities or rights). 

        All
authority conferred or agreed to be conferred pursuant to this Letter of Transmittal shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal
representatives of the undersigned and shall not be affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned. Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable. 

        The
undersigned understands that the valid tender of Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in the Instructions hereto will
constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and the Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. The undersigned recognizes that under certain circumstances set
forth in the Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may not be required to accept for payment any of the Shares tendered hereby. 

        Unless
otherwise indicated herein under "Special Payment Instructions", please issue the check for the purchase price and/or return any certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted
for payment in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing under "Description of Shares Tendered". Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under "Special Delivery Instructions", please mail the
check for the purchase price and/or return any certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered holder(s)
appearing under "Description of Shares Tendered". In the event that both the "Special Delivery Instructions" and the "Special Payment Instructions" are completed, please issue the check for the
purchase price and/or return any certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) in the name of, and deliver such check and/or return such
certificates (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to, the person or persons so indicated. Please credit any Shares tendered herewith by book-entry transfer that are not
accepted for payment by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above. The undersigned recognizes that the Purchaser has no obligation pursuant to the "Special
Payment Instructions" to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered holder thereof if the Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered. 

o

Check here if any of the certificates representing shares that you own have been lost or destroyed and see Instruction 11.

Number of Shares represented by lost or destroyed certificates: 

.

SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

(SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)  

To be completed ONLY if certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment are/is to be
issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned. 

Issue

o

Check

o

Certificate(s) to:

Name

(Please Print)

 Address

(Include Zip Code)

(Tax Identification or Social Security Number)

o

Credit Shares tendered by book-entry transfer that are not accepted for payment to the Depository to the account set forth below:

(Depositary Account Number)

SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

(SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)  

To be completed ONLY if certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment are/is to be
issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an address other than that shown under "Description of Shares Tendered". 

Mail

o

Check

o

Certificate(s) to:

Name

(Please Print)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

(Tax Identification or Social Security Number)

SIGN HERE

(ALSO COMPLETE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THIS FORM)

(Signature(s) of Holder(s))

Dated             

        (Must
be signed by registered holder(s) as name(s) appear(s) on the certificate(s) for the Shares or on a security position listing or by person(s) authorized to become registered
holder(s) by certificates and documents transmitted herewith. If signature is by trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or
others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please provide the following information and see Instruction 5.) 

Name(s)

(Please Print)

Capacity

(Full Title)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

Daytime Area Code and Telephone No.

Tax Identification or Social Security No.

(See Substitute Form W-9)

(See Substitute Form W-9)

GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)

(IF REQUIREDSEE INSTRUCTIONS 1 AND 5)

Authorized Signature

Name

(Please Print)

Title

Name of Firm

Address

(Include Zip Code)

Daytime Area Code and Telephone No.

Dated 

PAYER'S NAME: COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, INC.    

SUBSTITUTE

FORM 
W-9

DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY

INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE

PART 1PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TIN

IN THE BOX AT RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER(S)

OR 

EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

PAYER'S REQUEST FOR TAXPAYER

IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (TIN)

PART 2CERTIFICATESUnder penalties of perjury, I certify that (1) the number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued for me) and
(2) I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to
report all interest or dividends or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding.

PART 3
o
    Awaiting TIN

PART 4
o
    Exempt

CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS
You must cross out item (2) in Part 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because of underreporting
interest or dividends on your tax returns. However, if after being notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding, you received another notification from the IRS stating that you are no longer subject to backup withholding, do not
cross out such item (2). If you are exempt from backup withholding, check the box in Part 4 above.

SIGNATURE

DATE

NOTE:    FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF 30% OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE
OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. 

YOU
MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU CHECKED

THE BOX IN PART 3 OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9. 

CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER    

I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number has not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an application to receive a Taxpayer
Identification Number to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or (b) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I
understand that if I do not provide a Taxpayer Identification Number to the Depositary, 30% percent of all reportable payments made to me will be withheld, but will be refunded to me if I provide a
certified Taxpayer Identification Number within 60 days. 

SIGNATURE

DATE

INSTRUCTIONS
  FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER    

        1.
    GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURES.    No signature guarantee is required on this Letter of Transmittal if (1) this
Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this Instruction, includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's systems whose name
appears on a security position listing as the owner of such Shares) of Shares tendered herewith and such registered holder has not completed either the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" or
the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on this Letter of Transmittal or (2) such Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most commercial banks,
savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the
Stock Exchange Medallion Program (such participant, an "Eligible Institution"). In all other cases, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See
Instruction 5. 

        2.
    REQUIREMENTS OF TENDER.    This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by shareholders either if
(a) Share Certificates are to be forwarded herewith or (b) unless an Agent's Message (as defined below) is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made pursuant to the procedures for
book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. For a shareholder validly to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, either (1) on or prior to the
Expiration Date, (a) Share Certificates representing tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth herein, or such Shares must be tendered pursuant to the
book-entry transfer procedures set forth in Section 3 and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) must be received by the Depositary,
(b) this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile hereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in connection with a
book-entry transfer of Shares, must be received by the Depositary at one of such addresses and (c) any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal must be received by the
Depositary at one of such addresses or (2) the tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below and in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

        "Agent's
Message" means a message transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry
Confirmation, that states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the
Shares
or Rights that such participant has received and agrees to be bound by the terms of this Letter of Transmittal and that the Purchaser may enforce such agreement against such participant. 

        THE
METHOD OF DELIVERY OF SHARE CERTIFICATES, THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT
THE ELECTION AND SOLE RISK OF THE TENDERING SHAREHOLDER. SHARES WILL BE DEEMED DELIVERED ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY
BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION). IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL, WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO
ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY. 

        No
alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted and no fractional Shares will be purchased. All tendering holders, by execution of this Letter of Transmittal (or a
facsimile thereof), waive any right to receive any notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment. 

        3.
    INADEQUATE SPACE.    If the space provided herein is inadequate, the certificate numbers and/or the number of
Shares should be listed on a separate schedule attached hereto. 

        4.
    PARTIAL TENDERS (NOT APPLICABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS WHO TENDER BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER).    If fewer than
all the Shares evidenced by any certificate submitted are to be tendered, fill in the number of Shares that are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares Tendered". In any such case, new
certificate(s) for the remainder of the Shares that were evidenced by the old certificate(s) will be sent to the registered holder, unless otherwise provided in the appropriate box on this Letter of
Transmittal, as soon as practicable after the acceptance for payment of, and payment for, the Shares tendered herewith. All Shares represented by certificates delivered to the Depositary will be
deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated. 

        5.
    SIGNATURES ON LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, STOCK POWERS AND ENDORSEMENTS.    If this Letter of Transmittal is signed
by the registered holder of the Shares tendered hereby, the signature must correspond with the name as written on the face of the certificate(s) without any change whatsoever. 

        If
any of the Shares tendered hereby are owned of record by two or more joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal. 

        If
any tendered Shares are registered in different names on several certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate Letters of Transmittal as there are
different registrations of certificates. 

        If
this Letter of Transmittal or any certificates or stock powers are signed by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers of
corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, such
persons should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser of their authority so to act must be submitted. 

        When
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares listed and transmitted hereby, no endorsements of certificates or separate stock powers are required
with respect to such Shares unless payment is to be made to, or certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are to be issued to, a person other than the registered holder(s).
Signatures on such certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

        If
the certificates for Shares are registered in the name of a person other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made or certificates for Shares not
tendered or not accepted for payment are to be returned to a person other than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered, the tendered certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of the registered holder or holders appear on the certificates, with the signatures on the certificates or stock powers
guaranteed as aforesaid. See Instruction 1. 

        6.
    STOCK TRANSFER TAXES.    The Purchaser will pay any stock transfer taxes with respect to the transfer and sale
of Shares to it or its order pursuant to the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price is to be made to, or if certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are to be registered
in the name of, any person(s) other than the registered holder(s), or if tendered certificates are registered in the name of any person(s) other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal,
the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered holder(s) or such person(s)) payable on account of the transfer to such person(s) will be deducted from the purchase price
unless satisfactory evidence of the payment of such taxes or exemption therefrom is submitted. 

        EXCEPT
AS PROVIDED IN THIS INSTRUCTION 6, IT WILL NOT BE NECESSARY FOR TRANSFER TAX STAMPS TO BE AFFIXED TO THE CERTIFICATES LISTED IN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. 

        7.
    SPECIAL PAYMENT AND DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS.    If a check is to be issued in the name of, and/or certificates for
Shares not accepted for payment are to be returned to, a person other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal or if a check is to be sent and/or such certificates are to be returned to a person
other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal or to an address other than that shown above, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal should be completed. 

        8.
    WAIVER OF CONDITIONS.    The Purchaser reserves the absolute right in its sole discretion to waive any of the
specified conditions of the Offer, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, in the case of any Shares tendered. 

        9.
    BACKUP WITHHOLDING.    In order to avoid backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax on payments of cash
pursuant to the Offer, a shareholder surrendering Shares in the Offer must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such shareholder's correct taxpayer identification number ("TIN")
on Substitute Form W-9 in this Letter of Transmittal and certify under penalties of perjury that such TIN is correct and that such shareholder is not subject to backup withholding.
If a shareholder does not provide such shareholder's correct TIN or fails to provide the certifications described above, the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") may impose a penalty on such
shareholder and payment of cash to such shareholder pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup withholding of 30%. All shareholders surrendering Shares pursuant to the Offer should complete and
sign
the main signature form and the Substitute Form W-9 to provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding (unless an applicable exemption exists and is
proved in a manner satisfactory to the Purchaser and the Depositary). 

        Backup
withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of the backup withholding can be credited against the U.S. federal income tax liability of the person subject to the
backup withholding, provided that the required information is given to the IRS. If backup withholding results in an overpayment of tax, a refund can be obtained by the shareholder upon filing an
income tax return. 

        The
shareholder is required to give the Depositary the TIN (i.e., social security number or employer identification number) of the record owner of the Shares. If the Shares are held in
more than one name or are not in the name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed "Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9" for
additional guidance on which number to report. 

        The
box in Part 3 of the Substitute Form W-9 may be checked if the tendering shareholder has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a TIN or intends to apply
for a TIN in the near future. If the box in Part 3 is checked, the shareholder or other payee must also complete the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number in order to avoid
backup withholding. Notwithstanding that the box in Part 3 is checked and the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number is completed, the Depositary will withhold 30% on all
payments made prior to the time a properly certified TIN is provided to the Depositary. However, such amounts will be refunded to such shareholder if a TIN is provided to the Depositary within
60 days. 

        Certain
shareholders (including, among others, all corporations, individual retirement accounts and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding.
Noncorporate foreign shareholders should complete and sign the main signature form and a Form W-8, Certificate of Foreign Status, a copy of which may be obtained from the
Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding. See the enclosed "Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9" for more instructions. 

        10.
    REQUESTS FOR ASSISTANCE OR ADDITIONAL COPIES.    Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to D.F.
King & Co., Inc. (the "Information Agent") or to Needham & Company, Inc. (the "Dealer Manager") at their respective addresses listed below. Additional copies of the Offer
to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 may be
obtained from the Information Agent or from brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies or other nominees. 

        11.
    LOST, DESTROYED OR STOLEN CERTIFICATES.    If any certificate representing Shares has been lost, destroyed or
stolen, the shareholder should promptly notify the transfer agent for the Shares, Computershare Trust Company, at (303) 262-0600, Extension 4732. The holder will then be instructed as to the
steps that must be taken in order to replace the certificate. This Letter of Transmittal and related documents cannot be processed until the procedures for replacing lost or destroyed certificates
have been followed. 

        IMPORTANT:
IN ORDER FOR SHARES TO BE VALIDLY TENDERED PURSUANT TO THE OFFER, (1) ON OR PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE (A) THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A FACSIMILE HEREOF),
PROPERLY COMPLETED AND DULY EXECUTED, TOGETHER WITH ANY REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES, MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY, OR IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER OF SHARES, AN AGENT'S
MESSAGE MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY, (B) ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS REQUIRED BY THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY AND (C) EITHER SHARE CERTIFICATES
REPRESENTING TENDERED SHARES MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY OR SUCH SHARES MUST BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THE PROCEDURES FOR BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER AND A BOOK-ENTRY
CONFIRMATION MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY, OR (2) THE TENDERING SHAREHOLDER MUST COMPLY WITH THE PROCEDURES FOR GUARANTEED DELIVERY. 

        Questions
and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager at their respective addresses set forth below. Additional copies of the Offer to
Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be obtained from the Information Agent. You may also contact your broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee
for assistance concerning the Offer. 

THE INFORMATION AGENT FOR THE OFFER IS:
D.F. King & Co., Inc.

77 Water Street

New York, New York 10005 

Banks
and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550

All Others Call Toll-free: (800) 290-6428 

THE DEALER MANAGER FOR THE OFFER IS:  

 Needham & Company, Inc.

445 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

(212) 705-0445  

QuickLinks

NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW. PLEASE READ THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.

PAYER'S NAME: COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

INSTRUCTIONS FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

EX-99.(A)(1)(C)

a2073702zex-99_a1c.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)(C)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 99(a)(1)(C)  

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY
  for
  TENDER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
  of

MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC.

to

MSC
ACQUISITION II CORP.

a wholly owned subsidiary
  of

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION    

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME,

ON APRIL 18, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

        As set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase (as defined below), this form or one substantially equivalent to it must be used to
accept the Offer (as defined below) if (i) certificates ("Share Certificates") representing shares (the "Shares") of common stock, no par value, of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., a Michigan
corporation ("Mechanical Dynamics"), are not immediately available; (ii) time will not permit all required documents to reach Computershare Trust Company, Inc., as Depositary (the
"Depositary"), prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), or (iii) the procedures for book-entry transfer for all required documents cannot be completed on
a timely basis. This form may be delivered by hand to the Depositary or transmitted by facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase). See Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER IS:

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, INC.    

By Mail:

P.O. Box 1596

Denver, CO 80201-1596

By Hand:

350 Indiana Street, Suite 800

Golden, CO 80401

By Overnight Delivery:

350 Indiana Street, Suite 800

Golden, CO 80401

BY FACSIMILE:

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

(303) 262-0606 

CONFIRMATION RECEIPT OF FACSIMILE BY TELEPHONE:

(303) 262-0600 ext. 4732 

DELIVERY OF THIS INSTRUMENT TO AN ADDRESS, OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE NUMBER, OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE, DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID
DELIVERY.  

        THIS FORM IS NOT TO BE USED TO GUARANTEE SIGNATURES. IF A SIGNATURE ON A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS REQUIRED TO BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION UNDER THE
INSTRUCTIONS THERETO, SUCH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MUST APPEAR IN THE APPLICABLE SPACE PROVIDED IN THE SIGNATURE BOX ON THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. 

THE GUARANTEE ON THE REVERSE SIDE MUST BE COMPLETED.  

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

        The
undersigned hereby tenders to MSC Acquisition II Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchaser's Offer to Purchase dated March 22, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Shares set forth below, all pursuant to the guaranteed
delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

Name(s) of Record Holder(s)

 Please Print

Address:

Day time Area Code and Tel. No.

 Signature(s)

Number of Shares

 Certificate Nos. (if available)

(Check box if Shares will be

tendered by book-entry transfer)    
o

Account Number at Book Entry Transfer Facility

Dated:

GUARANTEE

(Not to be used for signature guarantee)    

        The
undersigned, a firm that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange
Medallion
Program, hereby guarantees to deliver to the Depositary either the certificates representing the Shares tendered hereby, in proper form for transfer, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to such Shares, in any such case together with a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any
required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and any other required documents, within three Nasdaq National Market trading days after the date hereof. 

        The
Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of Transmittal and certificates for Shares to the
Depositary within the time period shown herein. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution. 

Name of Firm

Address

Area Code and Tel. No.

 Authorized Signature

Name

Please Type or Print

Title

Dated:

NOTE:    
DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES WITH THIS NOTICE. CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

QuickLinks

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY for TENDER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK of MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. to MSC ACQUISITION II CORP. a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION

THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER IS: COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, INC.

GUARANTEE (Not to be used for signature guarantee)

EX-99.(A)(1)(D)

a2073702zex-99_a1d.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)(D)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 99(a)(1)(D)  

OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
  ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
  of

MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC.

at

$18.85 NET PER
SHARE

by

MSC ACQUISTION II CORP.,

a wholly owned subsidiary
  of

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION    

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME,

ON APRIL 18, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

March
22, 2002 

To
Brokers, Dealers, Banks,

Trust Companies and other Nominees: 

        We
have been engaged by MSC Acquisition II Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("MSC"), and
MSC to act as Dealer Manager in connection with the Purchaser's offer to purchase all the outstanding shares ("Shares") of common stock, no par value (the "Common Stock"), of Mechanical
Dynamics, Inc. ("Mechanical Dynamics"), a Michigan corporation, at a price of $18.85 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Purchaser's Offer to Purchase dated March 22, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related
Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, constitute the "Offer"). 

        If
a shareholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer and such shareholder's Share Certificates (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) are not immediately available or time will
not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) or the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed
on a timely basis, such Shares may nevertheless be tendered according to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2 of the Letter of
Transmittal. Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures
does not constitute delivery to the Depositary. 

        The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (1) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date a number of Shares that would represent at least
a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis and (2) the expiration or termination of all waiting periods imposed by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 

        Please
furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients for whom you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee. 

        Enclosed
herewith are copies of the following documents: 

        1.    Offer
to Purchase dated March 22, 2002; 

        2.    Letter
of Transmittal to be used by shareholders of Mechanical Dynamics in accepting the Offer (facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal with original signatures and
all required signature guarantees may be used to tender the Shares); 

        3.    A
printed form of letter that may be sent to your clients for whose account you hold Shares in your name or in the name of a nominee, with space provided for obtaining
such client's instructions with regard to the Offer; 

        4.    Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if certificates for Shares are not immediately available or if time will not permit all required documents to
reach the Depositary by the Expiration Date or if the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis. 

        5.    Guidelines
of the Internal Revenue Service for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9; and 

        6.    Return
envelope addressed to Computershare Trust Company, Inc., as Depositary. 

YOUR PROMPT ACTION IS REQUESTED. WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT
12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON APRIL 18, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED BY THE PURCHASER.

        In
all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a) certificates for (or a timely
Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to) such Shares, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly
executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the procedure set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, an
Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering shareholders may be paid at different times
depending upon when Share Certificates or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL
INTEREST BE PAID ON THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE SHARES TO BE PAID BY THE PURCHASER, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.

        Neither
the Purchaser nor MSC will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Dealer Manager and Information Agent, as described in the Offer to
Purchase) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. You will be reimbursed by the Purchaser upon request for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by
you in forwarding the enclosed Offer materials to your customers. 

        The
Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid any transfer taxes payable on the transfer of Shares to it, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

        If
holders of Shares wish to tender, but it is impracticable for them to forward their certificates or other required documents prior to the expiration of the Offer, a tender may be
effected by following the guaranteed delivery procedures specified under Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

        Questions
and requests for additional copies of the enclosed material may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone numbers set forth on the back cover of the
enclosed Offer to Purchase. 

Very truly yours,

NEEDHAM & COMPANY, INC.

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL RENDER YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON THE AGENT OF THE PURCHASER, MSC, MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, THE
DEPOSITARY, THE INFORMATION AGENT, THE DEALER MANAGER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM WITH
RESPECT TO THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE DOCUMENTS ENCLOSED AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.

QuickLinks

OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK of MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. at $18.85 NET PER SHARE by MSC ACQUISTION II CORP., a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.SOFTWARE
CORPORATION

EX-99.(A)(1)(E)

a2073702zex-99_a1e.htm

EXHIBIT 99(1)(1)(E)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 99(a)(1)(E)  

OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
  ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
  of

MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC.

at

$18.85 NET PER
SHARE

by

MSC ACQUISITION II CORP.,

a wholly owned subsidiary
  of

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION    

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME,

ON APRIL 18, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.  

March 22, 2002 

To
Our Clients: 

        Enclosed
for your consideration is an Offer to Purchase dated March 22, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments
or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer") relating to the Offer by MSC Acquisition II Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.Software
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("MSC"), to purchase all the outstanding shares ("Shares") of common stock,
no par value, of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. ("Mechanical Dynamics"), a Michigan corporation, at a price of $18.85 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal. 

        If
a shareholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer and such shareholder's Share Certificates (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) are not immediately available or time will
not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis, such Shares may
nevertheless be tendered according to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2 of the Letter of Transmittal. Delivery of documents
to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures does not constitute delivery to the
Depositary. 

WE (OR OUR NOMINEES) ARE THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF SHARES HELD BY US FOR YOUR ACCOUNT. A TENDER OF SUCH SHARES CAN BE MADE ONLY BY US AS THE HOLDER OF RECORD AND
PURSUANT TO YOUR INSTRUCTIONS. THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS FURNISHED TO YOU FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY AND CANNOT BE USED TO TENDER SHARES HELD BY US FOR YOUR ACCOUNT.

        We
request instructions as to whether you wish to tender any of or all the Shares held by us for your account pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer. 

        Your
attention is directed to the following: 

        1.    The
offer price is $18.85 per Share, net to you in cash, without interest. 

        2.    The
Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares. 

        3.    The
Board of Directors of Mechanical Dynamics has determined that the Offer and the Merger (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) are fair to and in the best interests of
Mechanical Dynamics and its shareholders and recommended that the holders of Shares accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the offer. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON APRIL 18, 2002 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), UNLESS THE OFFER IS
EXTENDED BY THE PURCHASER, IN WHICH EVENT THE TERM "EXPIRATION DATE" SHALL MEAN THE LATEST TIME AT WHICH THE OFFER, AS SO EXTENDED BY THE PURCHASER, WILL EXPIRE.

        5.    The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things (1) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date a number of Shares that would
represent at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis and (2) the expiration or termination of all waiting periods imposed by the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 

        6.    Tendering
shareholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions to the Dealer Manager, the Depositary or the Information Agent or, except as set forth
in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. However, federal income tax backup withholding at a rate of 30% may be
required, unless an exemption is provided or unless the required taxpayer identification information is provided. See Instruction 9 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

        If
you wish to have us tender any of or all the Shares held by us for your account, please so instruct us by completing, executing, detaching and returning to us the instruction form on
the detachable part hereof. An envelope to return your instructions to us is enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise specified on the
final page hereof. 
YOUR INSTRUCTIONS SHOULD BE FORWARDED TO US IN AMPLE TIME TO PERMIT US TO SUBMIT A TENDER ON YOUR BEHALF PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION
DATE.

        In
all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will cases be made only after timely receipt by Computershare Trust Company, Inc. (the "Depositary") of
(a) certificates for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to) such Shares, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile
thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the procedures set forth in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering
shareholders may be paid at different times depending upon when Share Certificates or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. 

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE
PURCHASE PRICE OF THE SHARES TO BE PAID BY THE PURCHASER, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING
SUCH PAYMENT.

        The
Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer is prohibited by any administrative or judicial action pursuant to any valid state statute. If the Purchaser
becomes aware of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Shares pursuant thereto, the Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with such state
statute. If, after such good faith effort the Purchaser cannot comply with any such state statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) the holders of
Shares in such state. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer is being made on behalf of the Purchaser
by Needham & Company, Inc., the Dealer Manager for the Offer, or one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
  ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
  OF
  MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC.
  BY
  MSC ACQUISITION II CORP.,
  A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY
OF
  MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION    

The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter, the Offer to Purchase of MSC Acquisition II Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser"), dated March 22, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and
the related Letter of Transmittal relating to the offer by the Purchaser to purchase all the outstanding shares of common stock, no par value (the "Shares"), of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc.
("Mechanical Dynamics"), a Michigan corporation. 

        This
will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below held by you for the account of the undersigned, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to
Purchase and related Letter of Transmittal. 

        Number
of Shares to be Tendered: 

SIGN HERE    

Signature(s):

Please Type or Print Name(s):

Type or Print Address(es):

Area Code and Telephone No.:

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security No.:

Dated:

*
Unless
otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all your Shares are to be tendered. 

QuickLinks

OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK of MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. at $18.85 NET PER SHARE by MSC ACQUISITION II CORP., a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.SOFTWARE
CORPORATION

INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. BY MSC ACQUISITION II CORP., A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF MSC.SOFTWARE
CORPORATION

SIGN HERE

EX-99.(A)(1)(F)

a2073702zex-99_a1f.htm

EXHIBIT 99(1)(1)(F)

Exhibit 99(a)(1)(F)  

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9  

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number to Give the Payer.
Social Security numbers have nine digits
separated by two hyphens: i.e., 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only one hyphen: i.e., 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the
number to give the payer. 

For this type of account:

Give the

SOCIAL SECURITY

number of

For this type of account:

Give the EMPLOYER

IDENTIFICATION

number of

1.

An individual's account (joint account)

The individual

9.

A valid trust, estate, or pension trust

The legal entity (Do not furnish the identifying number of the personal representative or trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.)(5)

2.

Two or more individuals (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined funds, any one of the individual(1)

10.

Corporate Account

The Corporation

3.

Husband and wife (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if joint funds, either person(1)

11.

Religious, charitable, or educational

The organization

4.

Custodian account of a minor (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)

The minor(2)

12.

Partnership account held in the name of the business

The partnership

5.

Adult and minor (joint venture)

The adult or, if the minor is the only contributor, the minor(1)

13.

Association, club, or other tax-exempt organization

The organization

6.

Account in the name of guardian or committee for a designated ward, minor, or incompetent person

The ward, minor, or incompetent person(3)

14.

A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

7.

a. The usual revocable savings trust account (grantor is also trustee)

b. So-called trust account that is not a legal or valid trust under State Law.

The guarantor-trustee(1)

The actual owner(1)

15.

Account with the Department of Agriculture in the name of a public entity (such as a State or local government, school district, or prison) that receives agricultural program payments

The public entity

8.

Sole proprietorship account

The owner(4)

(1)
List
first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.

(2)
Circle
the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.

(3)
Circle
the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such person's social security number.

(4)
Show
the name of the owner but you may also enter your business or "doing business as" name. You may use either your social security number or your employer identification number (if
you have one).

(5)
List
first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust. 

NOTE:    If
no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be considered to be that of the first name listed. 

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

Page 2

Obtaining a Number  

        If you don't have a taxpayer identification number or you don't know your number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card, or
Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service and apply for a number. 

Payees Exempt From Backup Withholding  

        Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on certain specific payments including the following: 


A
corporation.


A
financial institution.


An
organization exempt from tax under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or an individual retirement plan
or a custodial account under Section 403(b)(7), if the account satisfies the requirements of Section 401(f)(2).


The
United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.


A
State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any subdivision or instrumentality thereof.


A
foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or any agency or instrumentality thereof.


An
international organization or any agency, or instrumentality thereof.


A
registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United States or a possession of the United States.


A
real estate investment trust.


A
common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a) of the Code.


An
exempt charitable remainder trust, or a non-exempt trust described in Section 4947(a)(1) of the Code.


An
entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940.


A
foreign central bank of issue. 

        Payments
of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 


Payments
to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441 of the Code.


Payments
to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the United States and which have at least one nonresident partner.


Payments
of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in money.


Payments
made by certain foreign organizations.


Payments
made to a nominee.


Section 404(k)
payments made by an ESOP. 

        Payments
of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 


Payments
of interest on obligations issued by individuals. 

NOTE:
You may be subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid in the course of the payer's trade or business and you have not provided your correct taxpayer
identification number to the payer. 


Payments
of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under Section 852 of the Code).


Payments
described in Section 6049(b)(5) of the Code to nonresident aliens.


Payments
on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451 of the Code.


Payments
made by certain foreign organizations.


Payments
made to a nominee.


Mortgage
interest paid to you. 

Exempt
payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. 
FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE "EXEMPT" ON THE FACE OF THE FORM, AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYER. IF THE PAYMENTS ARE INTEREST, DIVIDENDS, OR PATRONAGE DIVIDENDS, ALSO SIGN AND DATE THE FORM. IF YOU ARE A
NONRESIDENT ALIEN OR A FOREIGN ENTITY NOT SUBJECT TO BACKUP WITHHOLDING, FILE WITH A PAYER A COMPLETED INTERNAL REVENUE FORM W-8 (CERTIFICATE OF FOREIGN STATUS).

        Certain
payments other than interest dividends, and patronage dividends, that are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup withholding. For details, see the
regulations under Sections 6041, 6041A(a), 6045 and 6050A of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Privacy Act Notice
Section 6109 of the Code requires most recipients of dividend, interest, or other payments to give taxpayer
identification numbers to payers who must report the payments to the IRS. The IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are required
to file tax returns. Beginning January 1, 1984, payers must generally withhold 30% of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer
identification number to a payer. Certain penalties may also apply. 

Penalties  

(1)

Penalty for Failure to Furnish Taxpayer Identification Number
If you fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a payer, you
are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 

(2)

Failure to Report Certain dividend and Interest Payments
If you fail to include any portion of an includible payment for interest,
dividends or patronage dividends in gross income, such failure will be treated as being due to negligence and will be subject to a penalty of 5% on any portion of an underpayment attributable to that
failure unless there is clear and convincing evidence to the contrary. 

(3) 

Civil Penalty for False Information with Respect to Withholding
If you make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no
imposition of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500. 

(4)

Criminal Penalty for Falsifying Information
Falsifying certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including
fines and/or imprisonment. 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE.  

EX-99.(A)(1)(G)

a2073702zex-99_a1g.htm

EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)(G)

Exhibit 99(a)(1)(G)  

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Shares. The offer is made solely by the Offer to Purchase dated March 22,
2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal and is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the
making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made
by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed made on behalf of the purchaser by Needham & Company, Inc. or one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws
of such jurisdiction.

NOTICE
OF OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

OF

MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC.

AT

$18.85 NET PER SHARE

BY

MSC ACQUISITION II CORP.,

A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION 

        MSC
Acquisition II Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of MSC.Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("MSC"), is offering to purchase all
the outstanding shares ("Shares") of common stock, no par value, of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. ("Mechanical Dynamics"), a Michigan corporation, at a price of $18.85 per Share, net to the seller
in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, constitute the "Offer"). 

        THE
OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON APRIL 18, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

        The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (1) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration date a number of shares that would represent at least
a majority of the total number of outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis, and (2) the expiration or termination of all waiting periods imposed by the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 

        The
Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 15, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), among MSC.Software Corporation, the Purchaser and Mechanical
Dynamics, Inc. pursuant to which, following the consummation of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will engage in a second-step merger
transaction (the "Merger"), whereby all of the remaining outstanding shares of common stock of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. will be converted into the right to receive $18.85 per share in cash,
without interest thereon. 

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC. HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, APPROVED THE OFFER, THE MERGER AND THE OTHER
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT, DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER, THE MERGER AND SUCH OTHER TRANSACTIONS ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF MECHANICAL
DYNAMICS, INC. AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND RECOMMENDED THAT THE HOLDERS OF SHARES ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

        For
purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered to the Purchaser and not withdrawn as, if and when
the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary for the Offer, which will act as agent for tendering shareholders for the purpose
of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to tendering shareholders. In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely
receipt by the Depositary of (a) certificates for such Shares ("Share Certificates") or timely confirmation of book-entry transfer of
such Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of
a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Upon the deposit of funds with
the Depositary for the purpose of making payments to tendering shareholders, the Purchaser's obligation to make such payment shall be satisfied and tendering shareholders must thereafter look solely
to the Depositary for payment of amounts owed to them by reason of the acceptance for payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer. 
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on
the purchase price of any shares to be paid by MSC, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment. 
The Purchaser will pay any stock transfer
taxes incident to the transfer to it of validly tendered Shares, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, as well as any charges of the Depositary and Information
Agent. 

        The
term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on April 18, 2002, unless and until the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, shall have extended the period of time
during which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. Subject to the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Purchaser reserves the right, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, and regardless of whether or
not any of the events or facts set forth in Section 14 of the Offer to Purchase shall have occurred, to extend the period of time during which the Offer is open and thereby delay acceptance for
payment of, and the payment for, any Shares, by giving oral or written notice of such extension to the Depositary. Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price for tendered
Shares, whether or not the Purchaser exercises its right to extend the Offer. Any such extension will be followed by a public announcement thereof no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time,
on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. The Purchaser has no intention of making available a "subsequent offering period" (within the meaning of
Rule 14d-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), but has the right to do so under Rule 14d-11. 

        If
the Purchaser extends the Offer or if the Purchaser is delayed in its acceptance for payment of or payment (whether before or after its acceptance for payment of Shares) for Shares or
it is unable to pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of the Purchaser and
subject to 

Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, retain tendered Shares on behalf of the Purchaser, and such Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent tendering shareholders are
entitled to withdrawal rights as described in Section 4 of the Offer to Purchase. 

        If
any tendered Shares are not purchased pursuant to the Offer for any reason, or if Share Certificates are submitted representing more Shares than are tendered, certificates
representing unpurchased or untendered Shares will be returned, without expense to the tendering shareholder (or, in the case of Shares delivered by book-entry transfer pursuant to the
procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, such Shares will be credited to an account maintained within the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as
practicable following the expiration, termination or withdrawal of the Offer. 

        Except
as otherwise provided below, tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable. Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time on or prior to the
Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after May 20, 2002 (or such later date as may apply in
case the Offer is extended). 

        To
be effective, a notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. Any such notice of
withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the Shares to be withdrawn, if
different from the name of the person who tendered the Shares. If Share Certificates evidencing Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the
physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such Shares have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, the
signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer as set forth in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the
withdrawn Shares and otherwise comply with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures. 

        Withdrawals
of Shares may not be rescinded. Any Shares properly withdrawn will be deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer, but may be retendered at any subsequent time
prior to the Expiration Date by following any of the procedures described in the Offer to Purchase. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will
be determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. 

        The
Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal and other relevant materials will be mailed to record holders of Shares and furnished to brokers, dealers, banks, trust
companies and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on Mechanical Dynamics' shareholder lists, or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's
security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares. 

        The
receipt of cash in the Offer or the Merger in exchange for Shares will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may also be a taxable transaction under
applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. Shareholders should consult their tax advisors about the particular effect the proposed transactions will have on their Shares. 

        The
information required to be disclosed by Rule 14d-6(d)(1) under the Exchange Act is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal contain important information that shareholders should read before making any decision with respect to the
Offer.

        Requests
for copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and all other tender offer materials may be directed to the Information Agent as set forth below, and copies will
be furnished promptly at the Purchaser's expense. No fees or commissions will be payable to brokers, dealers or other persons (other than the Dealer Manager and the Information Agent) for soliciting
tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

THE INFORMATION AGENT FOR THE OFFER IS:

D.F. KING & CO., INC.

D.F. King & Co., Inc.

77 Water Street

New York, New York, 10005

BANKS AND BROKERS CALL COLLECT: (212) 269-5550

ALL OTHERS CALL TOLL-FREE: (800) 290-6428

THE DEALER MANAGER FOR THE OFFER IS:

Needham & Company

Needham & Company, Inc.

445 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

(212) 705-0445 

March
22, 2002 

EX-99.(B)

a2073702zex-99_b.htm

EXHIBIT 99(B)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 99(b)  

March 20,

Mr. Louis
Greco

Chief Financial Officer

MSC Software Corp.

Two MacArthur Place

Santa Ana, California 92707 

Dear
Lou: 

        We
are pleased to advise that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this commitment letter ("Commitment"), Comerica Bank California and/or Comerica Bank ("Comerica") agrees
to provide MSC Software Corp. ("Company") and its wholly owned subsidiary ("Merger Sub"), jointly and severally, with financing (the "Financing") in the aggregate principal amount of up to
Eighty-Five Million Dollars ($85,000,000) to be used to for working capital and other general corporate purposes and for the Acquisition (referred to below). The Financing will consist of
a $20,000,000 Secured 3 Year Revolving Credit Facility (including a $3,000,000 Swingline and $5,000,000 in Letter of Credit availability), and a $65,000,000 Senior Secured Term Loan. 

        Subject
to Section III(E), below, Comerica Bank, a Michigan banking corporation, will also act as Arranger and Syndication, Documentation and Administrative Agent for the
Financing (in such capacity, "Agent"), with customary rights and responsibilities to be set forth in the applicable loan documentation; and no other agents or arrangers shall be appointed (or other
titles awarded) without Comerica's approval. 

        Capitalized
terms used in this Commitment, and not otherwise defined in the body of this letter, shall have the meanings given them in the Summary of Terms and Conditions dated
March 20, 2002 (Proposed Credit Facilities for MSC Software Corp.) attached to this Commitment as Exhibit A ("Summary of Terms and Conditions"). 

        I.
    SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FINANCING.

        The
specific terms and conditions of the Financing, including without limitation, the description and purpose of each facility, the facility amounts, the maturity dates, the applicable
interest rates, amortization, affirmative and negative covenants and the required loan and collateral documentation and other terms and conditions, are set forth in the Summary of Terms and
Conditions. 

        II.
    CONDITIONS TO FINANCING.

        The
willingness of Comerica to provide the Financing and the closing of the Financing is subject to the satisfaction by the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates, on or before the
date of closing under this Commitment ("Closing"), of each of the following additional conditions: 

        A.
    Execution of Loan Documents:
    The negotiation, execution and delivery of a loan agreement, promissory notes,
guaranties, security agreements, stock pledges, mortgages and collateral and other documentation reasonably satisfactory to Comerica and its counsel, containing, subject to the Summary of Terms and
Conditions, customary conditions, covenants, warranties, remedies and other provisions including, without limitation, the conditions, covenants, warranties and provisions described herein and in the
Summary of Terms and Conditions. 

        B.
    Acquisition:
    Comerica's receipt of satisfactory evidence confirming the completion, prior to or concurrently
with the Closing, of the acquisition ("Acquisition") by a Merger Subsidiary of Company of more than 50% of the shares of stock or substantially all of the assets of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc.
("Target"), on terms consistent with the summary of terms and conditions and the materials provided to Comerica by the Company prior to the date hereof, a non-hostile tender transaction or
negotiated purchase and sale and otherwise satisfactory to Comerica, in its reasonable discretion. 

        C.
    Pro Forma Financial Information and Projections:
    Comerica's receipt of a pro forma unaudited consolidated
balance sheet and statement of the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries (including the Target) as of the Closing (and taking into account and giving effect to the Acquisition) and which
shall not differ in any material adverse respect from the information previously delivered by Company to Comerica and projections, on such basis, in form reasonably acceptable to Bank ("Projections"). 

        D.
    Other Closing Documents:
    Comerica's receipt of satisfactory evidence of (1) all governmental, third
party and/or other approvals, permits, registrations and the like, necessary or appropriate in connection with the Financing or any transaction contemplated thereby, (2) the corporate approvals
by the Company and its subsidiaries and Target and its subsidiaries as applicable, of the loan agreement, guaranties and other loan and collateral documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby, (3) confirmation that the respective amounts of the sources and uses for the Financing and the Acquisition are substantially consistent with the information previously provided to
Comerica, (4) customary opinions of legal counsel for Company and its subsidiaries, and the guarantors, covering the Financing, the Acquisition and such other matters as reasonably required by,
and otherwise in form and content satisfactory to, Comerica and its counsel and (5) such additional information, reports and other requirements reasonably requested by Comerica. 

        E.
    Material Adverse Change:
    There shall have been no material adverse change in the condition (financial or
otherwise), properties, business, results or operations of Company and its subsidiaries or Target and its subsidiaries (in each case taken as a whole) from the condition shown in the financial
information delivered to Comerica prior to the date hereof; nor shall any omission, inconsistency, inaccuracy, or any change in presentation or accounting standards which renders such financial
statements materially misleading have been determined by Comerica to exist. 

        F.
    Material Changes in Markets:
    There shall not have occurred after the date of this Commitment a material
adverse change in the market for syndicated bank credit facilities or a material disruption of, or a material adverse change in, financial, banking or capital market conditions (domestic or foreign),
in each case from that existing as of the date of this Commitment, as determined in each case by Comerica, in its sole discretion. 

        G.
    Payment of Fees and Expenses:
    Company shall have paid to Comerica all fees and expenses required to be paid
on or before the Closing under the terms of this Commitment or any separate agency fee or other fee letter ("Fee Letter") in effect between Company and Comerica, from time to time. 

        III.
    SYNDICATION.

        A.
    Right to Syndicate; Company Obligations:
    Subject to Paragraph E of this Section III, Comerica
reserves the right, before the Closing under this Commitment (but without reducing its obligations hereunder)
or subsequent to the Closing to syndicate the Financing by allocating or assigning percentages of the Financing (including its rights and obligations under this Commitment) thereof to other banks or
financial institutions (collectively, with Comerica, the "Banks") selected by Comerica and approved by the Company, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company
agrees to exercise good faith, diligent efforts to cooperate with Comerica in such syndication efforts (and to cause Target to do so), including without limitation providing financial and other
information to prospective Banks, and responding to inquiries and other requests received from prospective Banks, providing assistance in the preparation of a confidential information memorandum and
other syndication materials and hosting, with Comerica, of one or more meetings with prospective lenders. You further agree to refrain from engaging in any additional or other financing (except as
described in this letter or in the Summary of Terms and Conditions or as specifically identified in any materials previously furnished to Comerica) during such syndication process unless otherwise
agreed to by Comerica. 

Page 2

        B.
    Control of Syndication:
    Subject to Paragraph E of this Section III, it is understood and agreed
that Comerica, after consultation with you, will manage and control all aspects of the syndication, including decisions as to the selection of proposed lenders and any titles offered to proposed
lenders, when commitments will be accepted and the final allocations of the commitments among the lenders. It is understood that no other lender participating in the Financing will receive
compensation from you outside the terms of this letter in order to obtain its commitment. It is also understood and agreed that the amount and distribution of the fees among the lenders will be at the
sole discretion of Comerica and that any syndication prior to execution of definitive documentation will reduce the commitment of Comerica (or in the event of an election by Company under
Paragraph E, pro rata with the additional Lender). 

        C.
    Successful Syndication:
    Subject to Paragraph E of this Section III, and to the Fee Letter,
Comerica shall be entitled, after consultation with you, to change the pricing, terms and/or structure of the Financing if Comerica determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such changes are
necessary or advisable to insure a successful syndication of the Financing. It is understood that Comerica's commitment hereunder is expressly subject to the agreements in this paragraph, and that
such agreements (and any similar agreements in the Fee Letter) shall survive the Closing. 

        D.
    Reliance on Financial Information:
    The Company hereby represents and warrants that (a) all information
other than the Projections (the "Information") that has been or will be made available to Comerica by it or any of its representatives (in each case, with respect to Information furnished to Comerica
prior to the date of commencement of the syndication of the Financing, as supplemented from time to time prior to such date) is or will be complete and correct in all material respects and does not or
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make such statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the
circumstances under which such statements are made and (b) the Projections that have been or will be made available to Comerica by the Company or any of its representatives have been or will be
prepared in good faith based upon assumptions you believe to be reasonable. It is understood that, in arranging and syndicating the financing, Comerica may use and rely on the information and
Projections without independent verification. 

        E.
    Co-underwriting; Reduction of Commitment:
    Company may elect, by written notice to Comerica within
three days from the date of this Commitment, to reduce Comerica's commitment by an amount not to exceed $42,500,000 (to be applied pro rata across the facilities), provided that such election is
accompanied by a written commitment (in form satisfactory to Comerica) from BNP or another financial institution ("Additional Lender") reasonably acceptable to Comerica to provide Financing, on the
terms contained in this Commitment, in at least the amount of such reduction in Comerica's commitment. In the event the Company makes such an election: 

        (1)  Comerica's
commitment under this letter (in the amount so reduced) shall be subject to the closing and funding by such Additional Lender under its commitment; 

        (2)  such
Additional Lender shall be named Co-Underwriter; 

        (3)  the
syndication under this Section III (and the rights reserved to Comerica in Paragraphs A through D of this Section III) shall be controlled jointly by
Comerica and the Additional Lender, with Comerica and the additional Lender each being entitled to enforce the provisions of paragraph C of this Section III and 

        (4)  the
fee associated with being a Co-Underwriter as set forth in the Fee Letter shall apply. 

        IV.
    GENERAL.

        A.
    Comerica's Fees and Expenses:
    Whether or not the Closing of the Financing occurs under this Commitment, the
Company shall pay to Comerica, in addition to the fees required under any Fee 

Page 3

Letter in effect from time to time, all of Comerica's reasonable costs and expenses, including, by way of description and not limitation, reasonable attorney fees and advances, lien search fees, and
required travel costs, incurred by Comerica in connection with this Commitment, and the negotiation, consummation and/or closing of the loans contemplated hereby. This paragraph shall survive the
expiration or termination of the Commitment. 

        B.
    Indemnification:
    The Company shall indemnify and hold Comerica, and its shareholders, directors, agents,
officers, employees, attorneys, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties"), harmless from and against any and all damages, losses, settlement payments, obligations,
liabilities, claims, actions or causes of action, and reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred, suffered, sustained or required to be paid by reason of or resulting
from the transactions
contemplated hereby or which otherwise result from the Financing, other than as a result of Comerica's gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

        C.
    Non-assignability; Termination:
    This Commitment is provided for the sole benefit of the Company,
is not intended to create any rights in favor of and may not be relied upon by any third party, and shall not be transferable or assignable by the Company by operation of law, or otherwise, and may be
terminated at the option of Comerica if the Company shall fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions hereof, or in the event at any time prior to the Closing of the Financing of a filing by
or against the Company or Target or any of their respective subsidiaries, of a petition in bankruptcy or insolvency or for reorganization or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee or custodian or
the making by the Company or Target or any of their respective subsidiaries, of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the filing of a petition for arrangement, or other similar proceedings.
Comerica acknowledges that the Company intends to provide a copy of the Commitment letter to the Target. 

        D.
    No Effect on Loan Documents:
    Until the Closing hereunder, this Commitment shall not amend, modify or
otherwise affect, in any manner whatsoever, any existing loan agreements, loan documents, any existing credit facilities provided by Comerica (with or without any other party) to the Company or Target
(or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates), or any loan, collateral or other document or instrument executed in connection therewith. 

        E.
    Entire Agreement: Amendment:
    This Commitment (including the Summary of Terms and Conditions) and the Fee
Letter contain the entire agreement of Comerica as of the date hereof with respect to the Financing and are not subject to or supplemented by any previous correspondence or communications (verbal or
written) between the Company, and Comerica or any other document not expressly referenced herein. No change in this Commitment shall be binding upon the parties unless expressed in writing and signed
by them. 

        F.
    Closing:
    The initial closing on the Financing must occur on or before May 31, 2002 ("the Required
Consummation Date"), provided that in the event the Company receives a second request for information under the Hart Scott Rodino Act in connection with the Acquisition, the Required Consummation Date
shall be extended to September 30, 2002. If not closed on or before the Required Consummation Date, this Commitment shall lapse and Comerica shall have no further obligation to provide its
portion of the Financing under this Commitment or any other obligation. 

        G.
    Acceptance:
    This Commitment, if accepted by or for the benefit of the Company, must be accepted in its
entirety and without modification, and may be accepted only by its return of a copy of this letter duly executed as set forth below. If not so accepted and returned on or before Comerica's close of
business on March 20, 2002 the Commitment and the offer to provide Financing contained 

Page 4

herein shall be deemed withdrawn and of no further force and effect, and Comerica shall have no obligations whatsoever to provide the Financing set forth herein. 

COMERICA BANK

By:

/s/  
BONNIE KEHE

Its:

Senior Vice President and Manager

Page 5

ACCEPTED AND AGREED

on March 20, 2002:

By:

/s/  
LOUIS A. GRECO

Its:

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

Page 6

EXHIBIT A    

[ATTACH
SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS] 

Page 

CONFIDENTIAL

MSC.SOFTWARE CORP.

March 20, 2002 

Louis
Greco

Chief Financial Officer

MSC.Software Corp.

2 MacArthur Place

Santa Ana, CA 92707 

Dear
Lou: 

We
at Comerica Bank (Comerica) are very pleased to offer for your consideration this financing proposal for MSC Software Corp. (the Company). We are excited about the opportunity to demonstrate the
value we provide our commercial customers as one of the largest business banks in the country. Subject to the qualifications set forth in the Proposed Summary of Terms and Conditions, this financing
would be provided on an underwritten basis. Based on the Company's projections we believe this proposal provides you with sufficient capital to complete the acquisition of Mechanical
Dynamics, Inc. Enclosed you will find a Proposed Summary of Terms and Conditions for a $20,000,000 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility and $65,000,000 Senior Secured Term Loan,
collectively (the Credit Facilities). 

The
Company agrees that it will fully cooperate with Comerica to syndicate the Credit Facilities. This includes but is not limited to assisting in preparing and holding a bank meeting in order to
successfully
syndicate the proposed facilities, meeting with any banks interested in participating in the facilities as necessary, and providing any additional information which prospective members of the bank
group indicate is necessary for them to obtain credit approval. 

Attached
is an agency fee letter you would be required to sign upon acceptance of this proposal issued by Comerica. We look forward to this opportunity to commence a relationship with the Company and
look forward to talking to you to discuss the terms more thoroughly. 

Best
Regards, 

 Scott Lane

Vice President

 Mike Fidler

Senior Managing Director

SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    $20,000,000 Secured Revolving Credit Facility and $65,000,000 Secured Term Loan
  for
  MSC.SOFTWARE CORP.

    March 20, 2002    

I.    GENERAL PROVISIONS

Agent and Arranger:

Comerica Bank or its affiliate(s) ("Comerica" or "Agent"), to be Lead Arranger, Structuring, Documentation, and Administrative Agent.

Commitment Amount:

Agent to arrange on a "underwritten" basis, a $20,000,000 Secured Revolving Credit Facility and $65,000,000 Secured Term Loan.

Lenders:

Syndicate of lenders acceptable to Comerica and Company (the "Banks" or "Bank Group").

Lenders' Minimum Commitment Amount:

$10,000,000

II.    REVOLVING LOAN FACILITY; SPECIFIC TERMS

Facility:

$20,000,000 Secured Revolving Credit Facility. ("Revolving Credit Facility")

Co-Borrowers:

MSC.Software Corp. as the existing operating entity ("Company") and its wholly- owned Merger Subsidiary ("Merger Sub"), jointly and severally.

Facility Description:

Secured Revolving Credit Facility with advances and re-advances available from time to time and to allow issuance of up to $5,000,000 in Stand-by Letters of Credit with maturities not to exceed the lesser of one year or the maturity of the Revolving
Credit Facility.

Purpose:

Working capital and general corporate purposes.

Maturity Date:

Three years from date of Closing. Company may request one-year renewals (assuming no default and standard funding conditions) with written notice to the Agent from the Company not later than four months but not prior to three months after the end of
each fiscal year. Extension subject to approval by all Lenders.

Letters of Credit:

Availability under the Revolving Credit to include up to $5,000,000 in the aggregate in Stand-by Letters of Credit by the Issuing Bank, with pro-rata risk participation from the Banks. Expiration of individual letters of credit will be twelve months
or, if earlier, ten days prior to the expiration of the Revolving Credit Facility.

Non-refundable Letter of Credit Commission (calculated on a per annum basis) payable quarterly in advance in accordance with the applicable margin grid. A facing fee on each letter of credit (in an amount specified in the attached Agency Fee Letter)
will be payable semi-annually in advance for the sole account of the Agent on the face amount of any letters of credit issued under the facility.

Security:

All assets tangible and intangible of the Company and all domestic subsidiaries direct or indirect now or hereafter acquired (other than Target and Target's subsidiaries until consummation of the Merger (as hereafter defined)). This includes but is
not limited to a first security interest in accounts, intellectual property, notes, contracts receivable, inventory, general intangibles, machinery and equipment, real property (other than leasehold interests provided that Company obtains customary
landlord acknowledgments) and all other tangible and intangible personal property now owned, and hereafter acquired by Company and each guarantor. First perfected position on stock of all subsidiaries (existing & future), owned by Company
(including, from and after the date of Merger, Target and Target's Subsidiaries) including 100% of the stock of Significant Domestic and 65% of the stock of Significant Foreign Subsidiaries (subject to Section 956 of the Internal Revenue Code),
except that Target's subsidiaries would not be pledged until the Company owns 100% of the Target or the Merger occurs. First perfected position on 100% of the stock of significant foreign subsidiaries which are treated as disregarded entities for
U.S. tax purposes.

Borrowing Options:

Borrowing Options to Company for advances under the Revolving Credit shall include a Eurocurrency Rate and a Base Rate plus the Applicable Margins adjusted quarterly upon receipt of quarterly and annual financial statements and compliance
certificate. (See attached Applicable Margin Grid for Applicable Margin).

Base Rate
 shall refer to the higher of i) Agent's prime rate, or ii) the federal funds rate plus 100 basis points. See attached Applicable Margin Grid I for Applicable Margin.

Eurocurrency Rate
 means Comerica Bank's Eurocurrency rate which will be adjusted for reserves and other regulatory requirements. See attached Applicable Margin Grid I for Applicable Margin.

Interest Periods

Eurocurrency RateInterest periods of 1, 2, 3 and 6 months.

Interest Payments

Interest payable on the first day of each quarter for Base Rate Advances in respect of the prior quarter's advances and on the last day of each interest period for other Advances (and every three months for six month interest periods).

Customary provisions protecting Banks in the event of unavailability of funding, illegality, increased costs, breakage and funding losses and indemnification.

Drawdowns:

Base RateMinimum draws of $750,000 with same day notice.

Eurocurrency RateMinimum draws of $1,000,000 with three (3) business days notice.

Swing Line:

Agent will provide from time to time up to $3,000,000 of Facility under a Swing Line available to Borrower. The Swing Line is provided as an accommodation to the Borrower and the additional Lenders to handle daily activity with minimum draws and
payments of $250,000, or such lesser amount agreed to by the Swing Line Bank. Advances under the Swing Line shall be at the Base Rate, or at a rate quoted by the Swing Line Bank and accepted by the Borrowers and shall reduce availability under the
Revolving Credit Facility.

The Swing Line Bank shall not be obligated to make any advances under the Swing Line after the occurrence and during the continuation of a Default or an Event of Default. All lenders will be required to fund a pro-rata share of any outstandings under
the Swing Line at the Swing Line Bank's option after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or otherwise at any time.

Prepayment:

Base Rate loans may be prepaid on same day notice.

Eurocurrency Rate loans are subject to prepayment compensation if repaid before the end of the respective Interest Period.

Facility Fee:

A fee payable on the entire Revolving Credit Commitment Amount, payable quarterly in arrears, as indicated in the Applicable Margin Grid.

Termination or Reduction of Commitments:

The Company may terminate the Revolving Credit commitment in amounts of at least $1,000,000 at any time on five (5) business days notice.

III.    TERM LOAN; SPECIFIC TERMS

Facility 2:

$65,000,000 Senior Secured Delayed Draw Term Loan

Co-Borrowers:

MSC.Software Corp. as the existing operating entity ("Company") and Merger Sub, jointly and severally.

Facility Description:

$65,000,000 Four Year Term Loan.

Purpose:

Acquisition of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. ("Target")

Availability:

The Term Loan shall be available in multiple drawings. The first drawing shall occur upon the consummation of the Tender Offer by MSC Acquisition Corporation II ("Merger Sub") for the stock of Target ("The Tender Offer"), at which time the Merger Sub
shall purchase more than 50% of the outstanding stock entitled to vote of Target. Additional drawings may be made upon the purchase by Merger Sub of additional shares of stock of Target. The final drawing shall occur upon the consummation of the
merger ("The Merger") of Merger Sub into Target, at which time Target shall become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company.

Draw Period:

Advances shall be available under the facility until September 30, 2002.

Minimum Draw:

$5,000,000

Maturity Date:

Four years from close.

Annual Amortization:

Term Loans will have scheduled amortization based on the following principal reduction program with equal quarterly payments

Years

Annual Principal Reductions

One

$16,250,000

Two

$16,250,000

Three

$16,250,000

Four

$16,250,000

Security:

Same as Facility 1.

Borrowing Options:

The Company's Borrowing Options for elections under the Term Loan shall include a Eurocurrency Rate and a Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin.

Base Rate
 shall refer to the higher of i) Administrative Agent's prime rate, or ii) the federal funds rate plus 100 basis points. See attached Applicable Margin Grid I for Applicable Margin.

Eurocurrency Rate
 means Comerica Bank's Eurocurrency rate which will be adjusted for reserves and other regulatory requirements. See attached Applicable Margin Grid I for Applicable Margin.

Interest Periods

Eurocurrency RateInterest periods of 1, 2, 3 and 6 months.

Interest Payments

Interest payable on the first day of each calendar quarter for Base Rate Advances in respect of the prior quarter's advances and on the last day of each interest period for other Advances (and every three months for six month interest
periods).

Customary provisions protecting Lenders in the event of unavailability of funding, illegality, increased costs, breakage and funding losses and indemnification.

Interest Rate Elections:

Base RateMinimum elections of $750,000 or the entire remaining balance with same day notice.

Eurocurrency RateMinimum election of $1,000,000 or entire remaining balance with three (3) business days notice.

Unused Fee:

Company shall pay a fee on the un-drawn portion of the Term Loan Facility of 25.0 basis points during the draw period, payable quarterly in arrears.

Prepayment:

Base Rate loans may be prepaid on same day notice.

Eurocurrency Rate loans are subject to breakage costs if repaid before the end of the respective Interest Period.

IV.    OTHER STANDARD PROVISIONS

Guaranties:

Payment of all indebtedness of the Company under the facilities shall be covered by secured guarantees of all significant domestic subsidiaries direct or indirect now owned or hereafter formed or acquired by the Company, including Mechanical Dynamics,
 Inc. and its subsidiaries, but only after company owns 100% of the shares of Target.

Excess Cash Flow Recapture:

So long as any amount is outstanding under the Term Loan and the Total Debt to EBITDA ratio exceeded TBD:1.0 as of any quarter end during the applicable fiscal year, minimum additional principal reductions will be required equal to 50% of "Excess
Cash Flow" (as defined below and determined and calculated based on Company's annual Consolidated Financial Statements). Excess Cash Flow payments shall be applied to the amounts outstanding under the Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity.
Payments will be required each year (in respect of the prior fiscal year beginning with fiscal year end December, 2002) until Maturity or repayment in full of the Term Loan on the earlier of (i) the date of delivery of the Company's annual
financial statements or (ii) March 31st.

Reductions based on Excess Cash Flow Recapture shall be in addition to scheduled principal payments, optional prepayments, and other mandatory prepayments.

"EXCESS CASH FLOW"
 shall consist of, for any fiscal year, net cash provided by operations, less purchase of property and equipment in the ordinary course of business, less capitalized
software, less scheduled principal payments on long-term debt (excluding all payments on the Revolving Credit Facility and any other revolving loan facilities), all calculated based on Company's annual financial statements.

Mandatory Prepayments:

Mandatory prepayments shall also be required from (i) 100% of permitted asset sales, subject to certain exclusions and, (ii) 100% of the proceeds of future issuance of debt, subject to certain exclusions and, (iii) 50% of the proceeds
from the future issuance of equity, subject to certain exclusions. Any mandatory prepayment will be applied first against the term loan until the term loan is paid in full. Any remaining amounts will be applied to, permanently reduce commitments
under the Revolving Credit Facility. All payments under clause (i) will be ratably applied to scheduled principal payments on the term loan. All mandatory prepayments made under clauses (ii) and (iii) will be applied in the inverse
order of maturity.

Representations and Warranties:

Customary for credit agreements of this nature, with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries including but not limited to

1.

Corporate existence

2.

Corporate and governmental authorization; no contravention; binding effect

3.

No encumbrances except permitted liens

4.

Accuracy of information

5.

No material adverse change

6.

Environmental matters

7.

Compliance with laws, including ERISA

8.

No material litigation

9.

Existence, incorporation, etc. of subsidiaries

10.

Payment of taxes

11.

Full disclosure

Conditions to Closing:

Customary in credit agreements of this nature, including but not limited to:

1.

Absence of default

2.

Accuracy of representations and warranties

3.

Negotiation, execution and delivery of a loan agreement, promissory notes, guaranties, security agreements, stock pledges and collateral and other documentation reasonably satisfactory to Comerica and its counsel,
containing, subject to Summary of Terms and Conditions, customary conditions, covenants, warranties, remedies and other provisions including, without limitation, the conditions, covenants, warranties and provisions described herein in the Summary of
Terms and Conditions.

4.

Delivery to the Agent of a pro forma Balance Sheet and Covenant Compliance Certificate as of the date of close.

5.

Comerica's receipt of a pro-forma unaudited consolidated opening balance sheet, giving effect to the acquisition of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., with projected financial information acceptable to Comerica
Bank.

6.

Consummation of the acquisition by Merger Sub of more than 50% of the stock of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc. pursuant to the Tender Offer on terms satisfactory to Comerica Bank

Covenants:

Customary in credit agreements of this nature, with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries, including but not limited to:

1.

Annual year end audited (by a CPA firm acceptable to the Agent) financial statements. Quarterly financial statements and compliance certificate, with covenant calculations, providing detail acceptable to Agent. Additional
information as reasonably requested by Agent and Banks.

2.

Monthly financial information within 30 days of the end of each month.

3.

Payment of obligations

4.

Maintenance of property; insurance coverage

5.

Conduct of business; maintenance of existence

6.

Compliance with laws, including ERISA and environmental regulations

7.

Inspection of property, books and records at Company's expense

8.

Restrictions on liens and other indebtedness

9.

Limitations on Guaranties

10.

Limitations on consolidations, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of assets

11.

Limitations on Investments, loans and advances

12.

Limitations on use of proceeds

13.

Limitations on dividends, stock repurchases, and other distributions

14.

Arms length requirement for transactions with affiliates

Financial Covenants:

Major Financial Covenants to be tested quarterly, unless otherwise noted, including but not limited to the following:

1.

Minimum Liquidity RatioDefinitions and levels to be mutually    agreed upon.

2.

Maximum Total Debt to EBITDADefinitions and levels to be mutually agreed upon.

3.

Minimum rolling twelve month EBITDADefinitions and levels to be mutually agreed upon.

4.

Minimum Fixed Charge CoverageDefinitions and levels to be mutually agreed upon

Events of Default:

Customary in credit agreements of this nature, including but not limited to the following:

1.

Failure to pay any interest, fees or principal, under the Agreement when due

2.

Failure to meet covenants

3.

Representations or warranties false in any material respect when made

4.

Cross default to other Indebtedness of the Company

5.

Change of Management, ownership, or Control

6.

Other usual defaults after applicable grace periods, with respect to the Company or its subsidiaries, including but not limited to insolvency, bankruptcy, ERISA and judgment defaults.

Assignment and Participation

Banks will have the right to sell participations in their loans or commitments with the transferability of voting rights limited to changes in principal, rate, fees and term. Assignments, which must be in amounts of at least $5,000,000 (or their
entire remaining amount), will be allowed (subject to administrative fee payable by assigning bank) with the consent of Company and Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No consent of the Company will be required after an
Event of Default. Participations and assignments will also be allowed within the Bank Group and to a banks' affiliates without Company consent.

Indemnification and Expenses:

Company will indemnify the Banks, including but not limited to, following any event of default, against all losses, liabilities, claims and damages relating to their loans, the Company's use of loan proceeds or the commitments, including reasonable
attorney's fees, except as such result from the indemnities' gross negligence or willful misconduct.

All reasonable fees and costs, including reasonable attorney fees, incurred by Agent in connection with negotiation of the credit facility, preparation of loan documents and closing and funding of the credit facility, and in connection with any
amendments, revisions, consents, waivers or any enforcement, preservation or protection of rights will be paid by the Company subject to the terms outlined in the Agency Fee Letter, and Administrative Agency Fee Letter.

Majority Banks:

Any amendment, consent or waiver will require approval of 66

/

% of the Banks' aggregate commitments unless the commitments have been terminated in which case it will be based on the Bank's aggregate loans outstanding,
except that approval of affected lenders shall be required for changes in the amount of any bank's commitment and approval of all banks shall be required for, extensions of maturity, reductions of interest, principal, fees or release of material
collateral, or any guaranties and certain specified matters.

Governing Law:

State of Michigan

Agent
reserves right, to determine final allocations and when to close syndicate offering. 

Closing
on loan facility subject to prior receipt by Agent of all necessary legal opinions, and government and third party permits, licenses and approvals. 

MSC.SOFTWARE CORP.

    APPLICABLE MARGIN GRID I    

$20,000,000 Revolving Credit Facility and $65,000,000 Term Loan

(basis points per annum)  

Basis for Pricing

LEVEL I

LEVEL II*

LEVEL III

Total Debt to EBITDA

<1.00 to 1.00

3
1.00 to 1.00

But <2.00 to 1.00

3
2.00 to 1.00

Revolving Credit Facility (in basis points)

Facility Fee

50.00

50.00

50.00

Euro-Currency Spread R/C

150.00

200.00

250.00

Letter Credit Fee

150.00

200.00

250.00

Base Rate Spread

0.00

50.00

100.00

Term Loan A

Euro-Currency Spread

200.00

250.00

300.00

Base Rate Spread

50.00

100.00

150.00

*
Pricing
will begin at Level II until receipt of September 30, 2002 financial statements, at which time pricing will adjust according to the Total Debt to EBITDA ratio, measured
on a quarterly basis. 

QuickLinks

EXHIBIT A

SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS $20,000,000 Secured Revolving Credit Facility and $65,000,000 Secured Term Loan for MSC.SOFTWARE CORP. March 20, 2002

MSC.SOFTWARE CORP. APPLICABLE MARGIN GRID I

EX-99.(D)(1)

a2073702zex-99_d1.htm

EXHIBIT 99(D)(1)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 99(d)(1)  

        AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

Dated
as of March 15, 2002 

Among 

MSC.SOFTWARE
CORPORATION, 

MSC
ACQUISITION II CORP. 

And 

MECHANICAL
DYNAMICS, INC. 

ARTICLE I

The Offer and Merger.

SECTION 1.01

The Offer

SECTION 1.02

Company Actions

SECTION 1.03

The Merger

SECTION 1.04

Closing

SECTION 1.05

Effective Time

SECTION 1.06

Effects

SECTION 1.07

Articles of Incorporation and By-laws

SECTION 1.08

Directors

SECTION 1.09

Officers

ARTICLE II

Effect on the Capital Stock of the Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates.

SECTION 2.01

Effect on Capital Stock

SECTION 2.02

Exchange of Certificates

SECTION 2.03

Stock Options

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties of the Company.

SECTION 3.01

Organization, Standing and Power

SECTION 3.02

Company Subsidiaries; Equity Interests

SECTION 3.03

Capital Structure

SECTION 3.04

Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability

SECTION 3.05

No Conflicts; Consents

SECTION 3.06

SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities

SECTION 3.07

Information Supplied

SECTION 3.08

Absence of Certain Changes or Events

SECTION 3.09

Taxes

SECTION 3.10

Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans

SECTION 3.11

ERISA Compliance; Excess Parachute Payments

SECTION 3.12

Litigation

SECTION 3.13

Compliance with Applicable Laws

SECTION 3.14

Brokers; Schedule of Fees and Expenses

SECTION 3.15

Opinion of Financial Advisor

SECTION 3.16

Labor Matters

SECTION 3.17

Filed Contracts

SECTION 3.18

Contracts

SECTION 3.19

Intellectual Property

SECTION 3.20

Restrictions on Business Activities

SECTION 3.21

Transactions with Affiliates

ARTICLE IV

Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub.

SECTION 4.01

Organization, Standing and Power

SECTION 4.02

Sub

SECTION 4.03

Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability

SECTION 4.04

No Conflicts; Consents

SECTION 4.05

Information Supplied

SECTION 4.06

Brokers

SECTION 4.07

Financing

i

ARTICLE V

Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business.

SECTION 5.01

Conduct of Business

SECTION 5.02

No Shopping

SECTION 5.03

Actions of Company Board

ARTICLE VI

Additional Agreements.

SECTION 6.01

Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Shareholders Meeting

SECTION 6.02

Access to Information

SECTION 6.03

Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Notification

SECTION 6.04

Indemnification

SECTION 6.05

Public Announcements

SECTION 6.06

Directors

SECTION 6.07

Employee Matters

SECTION 6.08

Return of Evaluation Materials

ARTICLE VII

Conditions Precedent.

SECTION 7.01

Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger

ARTICLE VIII

Termination, Amendment and Waiver.

SECTION 8.01

Termination

SECTION 8.02

Effect of Termination

SECTION 8.03

Fees and Expenses

SECTION 8.04

Amendment

SECTION 8.05

Extension; Waiver

SECTION 8.06

Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver

ARTICLE IX

General Provisions.

SECTION 9.01

Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties

SECTION 9.02

Notices

SECTION 9.03

Definitions

SECTION 9.04

Interpretation; Disclosure Letter

SECTION 9.05

Severability

SECTION 9.06

Counterparts

SECTION 9.07

Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries

SECTION 9.08

Governing Law

SECTION 9.09

Assignment

SECTION 9.10

Enforcement

EXHIBIT A

Conditions of the Offer

EXHIBIT B-1

Identified Shareholders

EXHIBIT B-2

Form of Shareholders Agreement

ii

        AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of March 15, 2002 (this "Agreement"), among MSC.Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), MSC Acquisition II Corp., a Delaware
corporation ("Sub") and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., a Michigan corporation (the "Company"). 

        WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of each of Parent, Sub and the Company has determined that a business combination between Parent and the Company is fair to their respective stockholders
and is in the best interests of such stockholders; 

        WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of each of Parent, Sub and the Company has approved a merger of Sub with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein (the "Merger"); 

        WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company has granted to Sub an option (the "Parent Option") to acquire shares of the Company's Common Stock, no par value
(the "Company Common Stock"); 

        WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, each of the individuals identified on Exhibit B-1 hereto (the "Identified Shareholders") has duly executed
and delivered to Parent a Voting Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, each of the Identified Shareholders has granted to Parent an irrevocable proxy and has agreed to vote all the shares
of the Company Common Stock owned by the Identified Shareholders in favor of the Merger, on the terms set forth in Exhibit B-2 hereto (the "Shareholders Agreement"); and 

        WHEREAS,
the Company has specifically requested that Parent and Sub enter into this Agreement. 

        NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I

The Offer and Merger    

SECTION 1.01
    The Offer.

        (a)  Subject
to the conditions of this Agreement, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement, Sub shall, and Parent shall cause Sub to, commence
(within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations thereunder, the "Exchange Act")), an offer (the
"Offer") for all the outstanding shares of common stock, no par value, of the Company (the "Company Common Stock") at a price per share of the Company Common Stock of $18.85, net to each seller in
cash (the "Offer Price"). The obligations of Sub to, and of Parent to cause Sub to, accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of Company Common Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer are subject only
to the satisfaction or waiver by Sub of the conditions set forth in Exhibit A. Sub expressly reserves the right to waive any condition to the Offer or modify the terms of the Offer, except
that, without the consent of the Company, Sub shall not (i) reduce the number of shares of the Company Common Stock subject to the Offer, (ii) reduce the Offer Price, (iii) waive
or change the Minimum Tender Condition (as defined in Exhibit A), (iv) add to the conditions set forth in Exhibit A, modify any condition set forth in Exhibit A or amend
any term of the Offer set forth in this Agreement, in each case, in any manner adverse to the holders of the Company Common Stock or (v) change the form of consideration payable in the Offer
(other than by adding consideration). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sub (i) shall extend the Offer, if at the scheduled expiration date of the Offer any of the conditions set forth in
Exhibit A (other than the Minimum Tender Condition or condition (d), (e) or (h)) to Sub's obligation to purchase shares of the Company Common Stock are not satisfied or waived, until
such time as such conditions are satisfied or waived but in no event later than September 30, 2002, and (ii) may, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer for any period
required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer. In addition, if, at the scheduled or
extended expiration date of the Offer, all the conditions to the Offer 

have been satisfied or waived but the Company Common Stock tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer constitutes less than 90% of the outstanding Company Common Stock, without the consent of
the Company, Sub shall (subject to applicable law) have the right to provide for a "subsequent offering period" (as contemplated by Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act), for up to 20
business days after Sub's acceptance for payment of the shares of Company Common Stock then tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer. On the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer
and this Agreement, Sub shall, and Parent shall cause Sub to, pay for all shares of the Company Common Stock validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer that Sub becomes obligated to
purchase pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after the expiration of the Offer or (in the case of shares tendered during any subsequent offering period) as soon as practicable following the
valid tender thereof. 

        (b)  On
the date the Offer is commenced, Parent and Sub shall file with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (together with all amendments and supplements thereto,
the "Schedule TO") with respect to the Offer. The Schedule TO shall contain as an exhibit or incorporate by reference the Offer to Purchase (or portions thereof) and forms of the related letter of
transmittal and summary advertisement (such Schedule TO and the documents included therein pursuant to which the Offer will be made, together with any supplements or amendments thereto, the "Offer
Documents"). Each of Parent, Sub and the Company shall promptly correct any information provided by it for use in the Offer Documents if and to the extent that such information shall have become false
or misleading in any material respect, and each of Parent and Sub shall take all steps necessary to amend or supplement the Offer Documents and to cause the Offer Documents as so amended or
supplemented to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to the Company's shareholders, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. Parent and Sub shall
provide the Company and its counsel with any comments Parent, Sub or their counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after the receipt of such
comments. 

        (c)  Parent
shall provide or cause to be provided to Sub on a timely basis the funds necessary to purchase any shares of the Company Common Stock that Sub becomes obligated
to purchase pursuant to the Offer. 

SECTION 1.02
    Company Actions.

        (a)  The
Company hereby approves of and consents to the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the "Transactions"). 

        (b)  Promptly
after the Offer is commenced, the Company shall file with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to
the Offer, including an Information Statement (as defined in Section 3.05(b)) (such Schedule 14D-9, as amended from time to time, the "Schedule 14D-9"),
and shall mail the Schedule 14D-9 (including the Information Statement) to the holders of the Company Common Stock. Each of the Company, Parent and Sub shall promptly correct any
information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 (including the Information Statement) if and to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in
any material respect, and the Company shall take all steps necessary to amend or supplement the Schedule 14D-9 (including the Information Statement) and to cause the
Schedule 14D-9 (including the Information Statement) as so amended or supplemented to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to the Company's shareholders, in each case as and to
the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. The Company shall provide Parent and its counsel with any comments the Company or its counsel may receive after the date of this Agreement
from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 or the Information Statement promptly after the receipt of such comments. 

        (c)  In
connection with the Offer, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to furnish Sub promptly with mailing labels containing the names and addresses of the record
holders of the Company Common Stock as of a recent date and of those persons becoming record holders subsequent to such 

date, together with copies of all lists of shareholders, security position listings and computer files and all other information in the Company's possession or control regarding the beneficial owners
of the Company Common Stock, and shall furnish to Sub such information and assistance (including updated lists of shareholders, security position listings and computer files) as Parent may reasonably
request in communicating the Offer to the Company's shareholders. 

SECTION 1.03
    The Merger.
    On the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the Michigan Business Corporation Act (the "MBCA") and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.05). At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as
the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"). 

SECTION 1.04
    Closing.
    The closing (the "Closing") of the Merger
shall take place at the offices of O'Melveny & Myers LLP, 400 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, California at 7:00 a.m. on the second business day following the satisfaction (or, to the
extent permitted by applicable Law (as defined in Section 3.05), waiver by all parties) of the conditions set forth in Section 7.01, or at such other place, time and date as shall be
agreed in writing between Parent and the Company. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the "Closing Date". 

SECTION 1.05
    Effective Time.
    Subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, on the Closing Date, the parties shall file with the Department of Consumer and Industry Services of the State of Michigan and the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, a certificate
of merger or other appropriate documents (in each such case, "Articles of Merger") executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the MBCA and the DGCL, as the case may be, and shall make all
other filings or recordings required under the MBCA and the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the applicable Articles of Merger are duly filed with the Department of Consumer and
Industry Services of the State of Michigan and the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such other time as Parent and the Company shall agree and specify in the Articles of Merger (the
time the Merger becomes effective being the "Effective Time"). 

SECTION 1.06
    Effects.
    The Merger shall have the effects set
forth in the MBCA and the DGCL. 

SECTION 1.07
    Articles of Incorporation and By-laws.

        (a)  The
Articles of Incorporation of the Company at the Effective Time shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable Law. 

        (b)  The
By-laws of the Company as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the By-laws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law. 

SECTION 1.08
    Directors.
    The directors of Sub immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the
case may be. 

        SECTION 1.09
    Officers.
    The officers of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall
be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified, as the case may be. 

ARTICLE II

Effect on the Capital Stock of the
  Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates    

SECTION 2.01
    Effect on Capital Stock.
    At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of the Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of Sub: 

        (a)
    Capital Stock of Sub.
    Each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of Sub shall be converted into and
become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, no par value, of the Surviving Corporation. 

        (b)
    Cancellation of the Company-Owned Stock and Parent-Owned Stock.
    Each share of Company Common Stock that is
held by the Company, Parent or Sub shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered or deliverable in
exchange therefor. 

        (c)
    Conversion of the Company Common Stock.
    Subject to Section 2.01(b), each issued and outstanding share
of the Company Common Stock shall be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price in
cash. The cash payable upon the conversion of shares of the Company Common Stock pursuant to this Section 2.01(c) is referred to collectively as the "Merger Consideration". As of the Effective
Time, all such shares of the Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing
any such shares of the Company Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration upon surrender of such certificate in accordance
with Section 2.02, without interest. 

SECTION 2.02
    Exchange of Certificates.

        (a)
    Paying Agent.
    Parent shall promptly appoint a financial or other institution reasonably acceptable to the
Company to act as paying agent (the "Paying Agent") for the payment of the Merger Consideration upon surrender of certificates representing the Company Common Stock. Parent shall take all steps
necessary to enable and cause the Surviving Corporation to provide to the Paying Agent on a timely basis, as and when needed after the Effective Time, cash necessary to pay for the shares of the
Company Common Stock converted into the right to receive cash pursuant to Section 2.01(c) (such cash being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). 

        (b)
    Exchange Procedures.
    As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall instruct the
Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of a certificate or certificates (the "Certificates") that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of the Company Common
Stock, (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the
Paying Agent and shall be in such form and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange
for Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter of transmittal,
duly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Paying Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration,
and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of the Company Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of the Company,
payment may be made to a person other than the person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for
transfer and the person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the 

payment to a person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of Parent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated
by this Section 2.02, each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender Merger Consideration as contemplated by
this Section 2.02. 

        (c)
    No Further Ownership Rights in the Company Common Stock.
    The Merger Consideration paid in accordance with
the terms of this Article II upon conversion of any shares of the Company Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of the
Company Common Stock, and after the Effective Time there shall be no further registration of
transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of shares of the Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time,
any certificates formerly representing shares of the Company Common Stock are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as
provided in this Article II. 

        (d)
    Termination of Exchange Fund.
    Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to the holders of
the Company Common Stock twelve months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any holder of the Company Common Stock who has not theretofore complied with this
Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of its claim for Merger Consideration. 

        (e)
    No Liability.
    None of Parent, Sub, the Company or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any person in respect
of any cash from the Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. 

        (f)
    Investment of Exchange Fund.
    The Paying Agent shall invest the Exchange Fund, as directed by Parent, on a
daily basis; provided, however, that such investments shall be in obligations of or guaranteed by the United States of America, in commercial paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1
or better by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or Standard & Poor's Corporation, respectively, or in certificates of deposit, bank repurchase agreements or banker's acceptances of
commercial banks with capital exceeding $500 million. Any interest and other income resulting from such investments shall be paid to Parent. 

        (g)
    Withholding Rights.
    Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable to any holder of the Company Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as may be required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such
payment under the Code (as defined in Section 3.09), or under any provision of state, local or foreign tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Parent or the Surviving Corporation
and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority, such withheld amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the Company Common Stock in respect of
which such deduction and withholding was paid by Parent or the Surviving Corporation. 

SECTION 2.03
    Stock Options.

        (a)  At
the Effective Time, each outstanding option or warrant to purchase shares of the Company Common Stock (a "Stock Option" or, collectively, the "Stock Options") issued
pursuant to (i) the Company's 1996 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees or Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (the "Option Plans"); or (ii) any other plan or
instrument, whether vested or unvested, shall be cancelled in exchange for a single lump sum cash payment (less any applicable income or employment tax withholding) payable by Parent at the Effective
Time equal to the Cash-Out Price (as defined below). The "Cash-Out Price" will be paid only if the exercise price per share of the Company Common
Stock of the Stock Option is less than the Merger Consideration and will be equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of the Company Common Stock subject to any Stock Option vested
immediately prior to the Effective Time (including any Stock Option which becomes vested on 

or prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of an automatic acceleration provision in existence as of the date hereof and disclosed to Parent hereunder), multiplied by (ii) the
excess of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of the Company Common Stock of such Stock Option. 

        (b)  Prior
to the Effective Time, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions (including, if appropriate, amending the terms of the Option
Plans or the Stock Options) and obtain such consents as are necessary to give effect to the transactions contemplated by Section 2.03(a). 

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties of the Company    

        The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Sub as follows: 

SECTION 3.01
    Organization, Standing and Power.
    Each of the
Company and each of its subsidiaries (the "Company Subsidiaries") is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has full
corporate power and authority and possesses all governmental franchises, licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals necessary to enable it to own, lease or otherwise hold its properties and
assets and to conduct its businesses as presently conducted, except for failures which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and each Company Subsidiary is duly qualified or licensed to do business in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business or its ownership or leasing of its properties
make such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to so qualify or be licensed has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The
Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of the articles of incorporation of the Company, as amended to the date of this Agreement (as so amended, the "Company Charter"), and the
By-laws of the Company, as amended to the date of this Agreement (as so amended, the "Company By-laws"), and the comparable charter and organizational documents of each Company
Subsidiary, in each case as amended through the date of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the phrase "Company Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the
business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and Company Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, or (ii) the ability of the Company to consummate the
Transactions or to perform its material obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that none of the following shall constitute a Company Material Adverse Effect: (a) changes, events
or occurrences arising from or relating to the United States securities markets which are not specific to the Company; (b) any adverse changes, events, developments or effects arising from or
relating to general business, political or economic conditions, or business conditions in the industries in which the Company and the Company Subsidiaries operate, in each case which are not specific
to the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (c) any failure of the Company and Company Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, to meet
internal forecasts provided by the Company to Parent on or prior to the date of this Agreement; (d) any adverse changes, events, developments or effects arising out of the announcement of this
Agreement or the Company's actions in connection with this Agreement; (e) any changes in any tax laws and regulations or accounting rules; and (f) any adverse changes, events,
developments or effects arising from or relating to the matters specifically set forth in Schedule 3.01 hereto. 

SECTION 3.02
    Company Subsidiaries; Equity Interests.

        (a)  The
letter, dated as of the date of this Agreement, from the Company to Parent and Sub (the "Company Disclosure Letter") lists each Company Subsidiary and its
jurisdiction of organization. All the outstanding shares of capital stock of each Company Subsidiary have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and, except as set forth in the
Company Disclosure Letter, are owned by 

the Company, by another Company Subsidiary or by the Company and another Company Subsidiary, free and clear of all pledges, liens, charges, mortgages, encumbrances and security interests of any kind
or nature whatsoever (collectively, "Liens"), except for such Liens as have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

        (b)  Except
for its interests in the Company Subsidiaries and except for the ownership interests set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company does not own,
directly or indirectly, any capital stock, membership interest, partnership interest, joint venture interest or other equity interest in any person other than any such capital stock or other interests
with a current book value, in the aggregate, not in excess of $500,000. 

SECTION 3.03
    Capital Structure.
    The authorized capital stock of
the Company consists of 15,000,000 shares of the Company Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value ("Company Preferred Stock" and, together with the Company Common Stock, the
"Company Capital Stock"). No shares of the Company Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding or reserved for issuance. At the close of business on March 7, 2002, (i) 6,196,362 shares of
the Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (ii) 915,978 shares of the Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding Stock Options, (iii) 209,629 additional shares of the
Company Common Stock were available for issuance pursuant to the Option Plans, and (iv) 77,935 shares of the Company Common Stock were available for issuance under the Company's Employee Stock
Purchase Plan. Except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter, between March 7, 2002 and the date of this Agreement, the Company has not issued any shares of the Company Capital Stock
(other than shares of the Company Common Stock issued upon exercise of Stock Options) or granted or agreed to grant any options to purchase the Company Common Stock. All outstanding shares of the
Company Capital Stock are, and all such shares that may be issued prior to the Effective Time will be when issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to or
issued in violation of any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right to which the Company is a party or otherwise bound. There are
not any bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which
holders of the Company Common Stock may vote ("Voting Company Debt"). Except as set forth above or in the Company Disclosure Letter, as
of the date of this Agreement, there are not any options, warrants, rights, convertible or exchangeable securities, "phantom" stock, "phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation rights, stock-based
performance units, commitments, Contracts (as defined in Section 3.05(a)), arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which any of
them is bound (i) obligating the Company or any Company Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other equity
interests in, or any security convertible or exercisable for or exchangeable into any capital stock of or other equity interest in, the Company or of any Company Subsidiary or any Voting Company Debt
(or to make any payment based on the value of any equity interest in the Company or in any Company Subsidiary) or (ii) obligating the Company or any Company Subsidiary to issue, grant, extend
or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, security, commitment, Contract, arrangement or undertaking. As of the date of this Agreement, there are not any outstanding contractual obligations
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. 

SECTION 3.04
    Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability.

        (a)  The
Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery by the
Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, subject, in the case of the
Merger, to receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval (as defined in Section 3.04(c)). The Company has duly 

executed and delivered this Agreement, and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Parent and Sub, this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting
creditors' rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 

        (b)  The
Company's Board of Directors (the "Company Board"), at a meeting duly called and held duly and unanimously adopted resolutions (i) approving this Agreement,
the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions, (ii) determining that the terms of the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and
its shareholders, (iii) recommending that the holders of the Company Common Stock accept the Offer and tender their shares of the Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer (the "Company
Recommendation"), (iv) recommending that the Company's shareholders approve this Agreement, if such approval is required, (v) adopting a plan of merger relating to the Merger as required
by the MBCA and (vi) directing that such plan of merger be submitted for approval by the Company's shareholders, if necessary. In addition, the Company Board has taken all action necessary to
render Chapter 7A and Chapter 7B of the MBCA and Article 10 of the Company's By-laws inapplicable to this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger, the other Transactions and Sub's holding
and voting of shares of the Company Common Stock held by Sub after the Offer or acquired upon exercise of the Parent Option. To the Company's knowledge, no other state takeover statute or similar
statute or regulation applies or purports to apply to the Company with respect to this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger or any other Transaction. Unless otherwise required by its fiduciary duties (as
determined in good faith by a majority of its members after consultation with outside legal
counsel to the Company) the Company Board shall not amend, modify, withdraw, condition or qualify the Company Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent or Sub. 

        (c)  Unless the Merger can be effected pursuant to Section 450.1711 of the MBCA (in which case no approval of holders of any class or series of the Company Capital
Stock is required), the only vote of holders of any class or series of the Company Capital Stock necessary to approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger is the approval of this Agreement by the
holders of shares of the Company Common Stock representing a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast thereon (the "Company Shareholder Approval"). The affirmative vote of the holders of the
Company Capital Stock, or any of them, is not necessary to consummate any Transaction (including the Offer) other than the Merger. 

        (d)  The
members of the Company Board have advised the Company that they intend to tender all shares of the Company Common Stock owned by them into the Offer, except for
(i) the tender of shares of the Company Common Stock that would subject a member of the Company Board to liability under Section 16(b) under the Exchange Act and (ii) shares of
the Company Common Stock which, or with respect to which, any such member of the Company Board acts in a fiduciary or representative capacity or is subject to the instructions of a third party with
respect to such tender. 

SECTION 3.05
    No Conflicts; Consents.

        (a)  The
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions and compliance with the
terms hereof will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any material obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
under, any provision of (i) the Company Charter, the Company By-laws or the comparable charter or organizational documents of any Company Subsidiary, (ii) any contract,
lease, license, indenture, note, bond, agreement, permit, concession, franchise or other instrument (a "Contract") to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which any of their
respective properties or assets is bound or (iii) subject to the filings and other matters referred to in Section 3.05(b), any judgment, order or decree ("Judgment") or statute, law,
ordinance, rule or regulation ("Law") applicable to the Company or any Company Subsidiary or their respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) above, except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter or any such items that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. 

        (b)  No
consent, approval, license, permit, order or authorization ("Consent") of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or permit from, any federal, state, local or
foreign government or any court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign (a "Governmental Entity"), is
necessary for the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions by the Company or any Company Subsidiary, other than (i) the filings under the
Hart-Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"); (ii) the filing with the SEC of (A) the Schedule 14D-9, (B) a
proxy or information statement relating to any approval of this Agreement by the Company's shareholders (the "Proxy Statement"), (C) any information statement (the "Information Statement")
required to be filed in connection with the Offer pursuant to Rule 14f-1 of the Exchange Act, and (D) such reports under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as may be
required in connection with this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions; (iii) the filing of Articles of Merger with the Department of Consumer and Industry Services of the
State of Michigan and the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; (iv) compliance with the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq National Market; and (v) such other items
(A) that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or (B) as are set forth in the Company Disclosure
Letter. 

SECTION 3.06
    SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.
    The Company
has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC 

since January 1, 2000 (the "Company SEC Documents"). As of its respective date, each Company SEC Document complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act
or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such Company SEC Document, each as
in effect on the date so filed, and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the Company SEC Documents comply as to form in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles ("GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as
otherwise stated in such financial statements, including the notes thereto) and fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal
year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the Filed Company SEC Documents (as defined in Section 3.08), neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has any liabilities
or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) required by GAAP to be set forth on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries or
in the notes thereto and that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, except for liabilities incurred in connection with the
performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement. Except as set forth in the Filed Company SEC Documents, the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries have good and marketable
title to all of their properties and assets, free and clear of all Liens, except where the failure to have such good or marketable title or the existence of Liens would not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.07
    Information Supplied.
    None of the information
supplied or to be supplied by the Company expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 or the Information Statement
will, at the time such document is filed with the SEC, at any time it is amended or supplemented or at the time it is first published, sent or given to the Company's shareholders, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, or (ii) the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to the Company's shareholders or at the time of the Company Shareholders Meeting (as defined in
Section 6.01(b)), contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Schedule 14D-9, the Information Statement and the Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects
with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, except that no representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect to statements made or incorporated by
reference therein based on information supplied by Parent or Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein. 

SECTION 3.08
    Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
    Except as
disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement (the "Filed Company SEC Documents") or in
the Company Disclosure Letter, from the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents to the date of this Agreement, the Company has conducted its business
only in the ordinary course, and during such period there has not been: 

        (i)    any
event, change, effect or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; 

        (ii)  any
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to any Company Capital Stock; 

        (iii)  any
repurchase by the Company of any Company Capital Stock; 

        (iv)  any
split, combination or reclassification of any Company Capital Stock or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in substitution for shares of the Company Capital Stock, except for issuances of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Stock Options awarded prior to the date hereof in accordance with
their present terms or issued in compliance with Section 5.01(a); 

        (v)  (A)
any granting by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any director or executive officer of the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any increase in compensation,
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice or as was required under employment agreements in effect as of the date of the most recent financial statements included in the
Filed Company SEC Documents or (B) any granting by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any such director or executive officer of any increase in severance or termination pay, except as was
required under any employment, severance or termination agreements in effect as of the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents; 

        (vi)  any
change in accounting methods, principles or practices by the Company or any Company Subsidiary materially affecting the consolidated assets, liabilities or results
of operations of the Company, except insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP; or 

        (vii) any
material elections with respect to Taxes (as defined in Section 3.09(f)) by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or settlement or compromise by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary of any material Tax liability or refund. 

SECTION 3.09
    Taxes.

        (a)  Each
of the Company and each Company Subsidiary has filed, or has caused to be filed on its behalf, all Tax Returns required to be filed by it, and all such Tax Returns
are true, complete and accurate, except to the extent any failure to file or any inaccuracies in any filed Tax Returns, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. All material Taxes shown to be due on such Tax Returns have been paid and any material Taxes otherwise owed have been paid or provided for in the
financial statements in the Filed Company SEC Documents. 

        (b)  The
most recent financial statements contained in the Filed Company SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve for all material Taxes payable by the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries (in addition to any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax items) for all Taxable periods and portions thereof through the date
of such financial statements. No deficiency with respect to any Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed against the Company or any Company Subsidiary, in writing, and no requests for waivers of
the time to assess any such Taxes 

are pending, except to the extent any such deficiencies or requests for waiver, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. 

        (c)  The
Company Disclosure Letter (i) lists the Federal Income Tax Returns filed with respect to the Company and each Company Subsidiary consolidated in such Tax
Returns for taxable periods ending on
or after December 31, 2000, (ii) sets forth the approximate date they were filed, and (iii) indicates which of them have been audited by the United States Internal Revenue
Service. 

        (d)  There
are no Liens for Taxes (other than for current Taxes not yet due and payable) on the assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. Neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary is bound by, or has any liability, other than liability provided for in the financial statements contained in the Filed Company SEC Documents, under, any Tax sharing or Tax
indemnification agreement, not including (i) any such agreement solely among members of the Company's consolidated group and (ii) any such agreement which is part of a commercial
contract such as a lease. 

        (e)  Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a distribution of stock qualifying
for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code (i) in the two years prior to the date of this Agreement or (ii) in a distribution which could otherwise
constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions" (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) in conjunction with the
Merger. 

        (f)    No
written claim has ever been made by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary does not file Tax Returns that such entity is
or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction and no audit or other proceeding is pending in such jurisdiction which is reasonably expected to lead to the assertion of such a claim. 

        (g)  Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary (i) has been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return (other than a group
the common parent of which was either the Company or a corporation acquired by the Company), or (ii) has any liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than the members of the Company's
consolidated group) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law), or as a transferee or successor. Neither the Company nor
any Company Subsidiary otherwise has any liability for material Taxes of any Person (other than members of the Company's consolidated group), other than any such material Taxes provided for in the
financial statements contained in the Filed Company SEC Documents or incurred in the ordinary course of business after the date of such financial statements pursuant to a commercial contract such as a
lease. 

        (h)  Except
as disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter, no federal, state, local or foreign audits, examinations, investigations or other administrative proceedings or
court proceedings are presently pending with regard to any Taxes or Tax Returns filed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary. 

        (i)    No
power of attorney granted by the Company or any Company Subsidiary is currently in force with respect to any matter relating to Taxes of the Company. There are no
outstanding (or pending) requests by the Company or any Company Subsidiary for rulings, determination letters or similar administrative pronouncements which, if issued by any taxing authority would be
binding upon the Company or any Company Subsidiary after the Closing Date. 

        (j)    Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has filed a consent under Code Section 341(f) concerning collapsible corporations. Neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c) of the Code during the applicable period specified in
Section 897(c)(1)(A) of the Code. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is required to include in income any adjustment pursuant to Section 481 

of the Code by reason of a voluntary change in accounting method initiated by the Company and the Internal Revenue Service has not proposed an adjustment or change in accounting method. No property
owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary is or will be required to be treated as being owned by another person pursuant to the provisions of Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1954, as amended and in effect immediately prior to the Tax Reform Act of 1986, or is "tax-exempt use property" within the meaning of Section 168 of the Code. The Company and
each Company Subsidiary has adequately disclosed on their respective federal income Tax Returns all positions taken therein that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a substantial
understatement penalty within the meaning of Section 6662 of the Code. 

        (k)  The
Company and each Company Subsidiary has withheld and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any
employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder, or other third party. 

        (l)    Except
as disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to any agreement, contract or arrangement that would
result, separately or in the aggregate, in the payment of, nor is the Company or any Company Subsidiary obligated to make a payment that would constitute, an "excess parachute payment" within the
meaning of Section 280G of the Code. 

        (m)  For
purposes of this Agreement: 

        "Taxes"
includes all forms of taxation, whenever created or imposed, and whether of the United States or elsewhere, and whether imposed by a local, municipal, governmental, state,
foreign, federal or other Governmental Entity, including all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts. 

        "Tax
Return" means all federal, state, local, provincial and foreign Tax returns, declarations, statements, reports, schedules, forms and information returns and any amended Tax return
relating to Taxes. 

SECTION 3.10
    Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans.
    Except as disclosed in the Filed
Company SEC Documents or in the Company Disclosure Letter, from the date of the most recent financial statements
included in the Filed Company SEC Documents to the date of this Agreement, there has not been any adoption or amendment in any material respect by the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any Company
Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3.11). Except as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or in the Company Disclosure Letter, (i) as of the date of this Agreement, there are not
any employment, consulting, indemnification, personal service, change in control, severance or termination agreements or arrangements between the Company or any Company Subsidiary and any current or
former employee, officer or director of, or independent contractor with respect to, the Company or any Company Subsidiary, nor does the Company or any Company Subsidiary have any general severance
plan or policy and (ii) from the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents, none of such agreements or arrangements have been amended. 

SECTION 3.11
    ERISA Compliance; Excess Parachute Payments.

        (a)  The
Company Disclosure Letter contains a list of all "employee pension benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (sometimes referred to herein as "Company Pension Plans"), all "employee welfare benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and any severance, change in
control, deferred compensation, or employment plan, program or agreement, and vacation, incentive, bonus, stock option, stock purchase and restricted stock plan, program, agreement, arrangement or
policy (collectively "Employee Plans") entered into, maintained, or contributed to, by the Company for the benefit of any current or former employees, officers or directors of, or independent
contractor with 

respect to, the Company (or under which the Company has any current potential liabilities or obligations) (the "Company Employee Plans"). The Employee Plans entered into, maintained or contributed
to, by any Company Subsidiary for the benefit of any current or former employees, officers or directors of, or independent contract with respect to, any Company Subsidiary (or under which any Company
Subsidiary has any current potential liabilities or obligations) are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries considered as a whole (collectively,
the "Company Subsidiaries' Employee Plans" and together with the Company Pension Plans and the Company Employee Plans, the "Company Benefit Plans"). The Company has delivered or made available to
Parent complete and correct copies of (i) each Company Pension Plan and Company Employee Plan (or, in the case of any unwritten Company Employee Plan, a description thereof), (ii) the
most recent annual report on Form 5500 filed with the Internal Revenue Service or the U.S. Department of Labor with respect to each Company Pension Plan and Company Employee Plan (if any such
report was required), (iii) the most recent summary plan description for each Company Pension Plan and Company Employee Plan for which such summary plan description is required and
(iv) each trust agreement and group annuity contract relating to any Company Pension Plan or Company Employee Plan. The Company, each Company Subsidiary, and each Company Benefit Plan and, to
the knowledge of the Company, each officer of the Company or a Company Subsidiary is in substantial compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other
applicable U.S. and non-U.S. laws, rules and regulations relating to any benefits, compensation or employment matters, except where the failure to comply would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

        (b)  Each
Company Pension Plan is qualified and exempt from Federal income taxes under Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, except where the failure to be
so qualified or exempt
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has delivered or made available to Parent a complete and correct copy of each
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that each such Company Pension Plan is qualified and no such determination letter has been revoked nor, to the knowledge of the
Company, has revocation been threatened. 

        (c)  None
of the Company Pension Plans has an "accumulated funding deficiency" (as such term is defined in Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code),
whether or not waived, except where such deficiency would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. There has not been any "reportable
event" (as that term is defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) with respect to any Company Benefit Plan during the last five years that would result in a liability that would have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. None of the Company Pension Plans is a "multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA. 

        (d)  Set
forth in the Company Disclosure Letter is the Company's most recent calculation of the estimated maximum amount that could be paid to each of the persons listed in
the Company Disclosure Letter (including all of the employees who are party to an individual agreement with the Company containing change-in-control provisions) as a result of
the Merger and other Transactions under all employment, severance and termination agreements, other compensation arrangements and the Company Benefit Plans currently in effect. 

SECTION 3.12
    Litigation.
    Except as disclosed in the Filed
Company SEC Documents or in the Company Disclosure Letter, there is no suit, action or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any Company Subsidiary
that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any Judgment outstanding against the Company or any Company
Subsidiary that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.13
    Compliance with Applicable Laws.

        (a)  Except
as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or in the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and Company Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable
Laws, except for instances of noncompliance that, individually and in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this
Agreement, except as set forth in the Filed Company SEC Documents or in the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written communication during the
past two years from a Governmental Entity that alleges that the Company or a Company Subsidiary is not in compliance in any material respect with any applicable Law, except for such instances of
noncompliance that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

        (b)  Except
as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or the Company Disclosure Letter, 

        (i)    the
Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, except for instances of noncompliance that, individually or in
the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries hold, and are in compliance with, all
permits, licenses and other authorizations required to conduct their respective businesses under Environmental Laws, except for the failure to hold or comply with such permits, licenses and other
authorizations that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; 

        (ii)  neither
the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has (A) placed, held, located, released, transported or disposed of any Hazardous Substances on, under,
from or at any of the Company's or any of the Company Subsidiaries' currently or formerly owned, leased or operated properties or any other properties, other than in a manner that complies with
Environmental Laws or that has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, in all such cases taken individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (B) any
knowledge of the presence of any Hazardous Substances on, under or at any of the Company's or any of the Company Subsidiaries' currently or formerly owned, leased or operated properties or any other
property arising from the Company's or any of the Company Subsidiaries' currently or formerly owned, leased or operated properties, other than in a manner that has not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have, in all such cases taken individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect; and 

        (iii)  neither
the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any violation or any other enforcement proceeding, investigation, action,
suit or claim under Environmental Laws that has been asserted, or is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, threatened, that would reasonably be expected to result
in (A) fines or penalties, (B) any obligation on the part of the Company to undertake supplemental environmental projects or comparable mitigative environmental measures, (C) any
obligation on the part of the Company to install emission or pollution control devices, (D) any restrictions on operations or production at any of the facilities owned, leased or operated by
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, including the temporary or permanent shutdown of any such facility, or (E) the placement of a Lien upon any of the Company's or the Company
Subsidiaries' properties, in any such case that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

        (c)  Except
as disclosed in the Filed SEC Documents or in the Company Disclosure Letter, and except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, no Environmental Law imposes any obligation upon the Company or the Company Subsidiaries arising out of or as a condition to any Transaction, including
any requirement to 

modify or transfer any permit or license, file any notice or other submission with any Governmental Entity, place any notice, acknowledgment or covenant in any land records, or modify or provide
notice under any agreement, consent order or consent decree. 

        (d)  For
purposes of this Agreement, (i) "Environmental Laws" means any applicable Federal, state, local or foreign law, regulation, order, decree, permit,
authorization, common law or legally enforceable requirement of any Governmental Entity in effect as of the Closing Date relating to: (A) protection or restoration of the environment, human
health (to the extent relating to the environment or exposure to Hazardous Substances) or protection of or damage to natural resources and endangered species, (B) the handling, use, presence,
disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance or (C) noise, odor, indoor air, employee exposure to Hazardous Substances, pollution, contamination or any injury or threat of
injury to persons or property relating to any Hazardous Substance; and (ii) "Hazardous Substance" means (A) any hazardous, toxic, radioactive, explosive or flammable material, chemical,
waste or substance or (B) any petroleum product or by-product, asbestos containing material or any other material, chemical, waste or substance that is harmful to human health or
the environment. 

SECTION 3.14
    Brokers; Schedule of Fees and Expenses.
    No broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or other person, other than Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any broker's,
finder's, financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. The
estimated fees and expenses incurred and to be incurred by the Company in connection with the Offer, the Merger, and such other Transactions (including the fees of Credit Suisse First Boston
Corporation and the estimated fees of the Company's legal counsel are set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter. A complete and accurate copy of the Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation engagement
letter has been provided to Parent. 

SECTION 3.15
    Opinion of Financial Advisor.
    The Company has
received the written opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation (a complete and accurate copy of which will be promptly delivered to Parent by the Company), to the effect that, as of the date
hereof, based upon and subject to the matters set forth therein and as of the date thereof, the Offer Price and the Merger Consideration to be received by the holders of the Company Common Stock
(other than Parent and Sub) in the Offer and the Merger, respectively, is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. 

SECTION 3.16
    Labor Matters.
    There are no collective bargaining
or other labor union contracts to which the Company or any of Company Subsidiary is a party applicable to persons employed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary and no collective bargaining
agreement is currently being negotiated by the Company or any Company Subsidiary. There is no labor dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, which may interfere with the respective business activities of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, except where such dispute, strike or work
stoppage, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter, there is no charge or
complaint against the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries by the National Labor Relations Board or any comparable governmental agency pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

SECTION 3.17
    Filed Contracts.
    As of the date of this Agreement,
there are no Contracts that are required to be filed as exhibits to the Company SEC Documents and are not so filed. To the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of the Company
Subsidiaries is in violation of or in default under (nor does there exist any condition which upon the passage of time or the giving of notice would cause such a violation of or default under) any
Contract to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets is bound that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.18
    Contracts.
    Except as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to or bound by: 

        (a)  any
employment or consulting agreement, contract or commitment with any officer, director or employee, other than those that are terminable by the Company or the
applicable Company Subsidiary on no more than thirty (30) days' notice without liability or financial obligation to the Company or the applicable Company Subsidiary; 

        (b)  any
agreement or plan, including, without limitation, any stock option plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, any of the benefits of which will be
increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the value of any of the benefits of which will be
calculated on the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

        (c)  any
agreement of indemnification or any guaranty other than any agreement of indemnification entered into in connection with the sale or license of software or hardware
products in the ordinary course of business; 

        (d)  any
agreement, contract or commitment currently in force (i) relating to the disposition or acquisition by the Company or any Company Subsidiary after the date of
this Agreement of assets with a value in excess of $500,000 not in the ordinary course of business or (ii) pursuant to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary has any material ownership
interest in any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business enterprise; 

        (e)  any
mortgages, indentures, loans or credit agreements, security agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of money by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or extension of credit to the Company or any Company Subsidiary, other than such mortgages, indentures,
loans, credit agreements, security agreements or other agreements or instruments, or extensions of credit that, individually or in the aggregate, do not relate to amounts in excess $100,000; 

        (f)    any
Contract that limits or restricts the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or to the Company's knowledge, any of its officers or key employees, from engaging in any
business and any contracts or agreements that limit or restrict anyone from competing with the Company or any Company Subsidiary; 

        (g)  any
Contract or commitment requiring the Company to register the resale of its capital stock or securities under federal or state securities laws; 

        (h)  any
material powers of attorney or comparable delegations of authority granted by Company; 

        (i)    any
Contract or commitment for capital expenditures having a remaining balance in excess of $500,000; 

        (j)    any
lease with respect to any property, real or personal, whether as lessor or lessee that requires an annual payment in excess of $500,000; and 

        (k)  any
Contract or commitment with any director, officer or shareholder of Company or any Company Subsidiary. 

        Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary, nor to the Company's knowledge, any other party to a Contract, is in breach, violation or default under, and neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has received written notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the material terms or conditions of any Contract in such a manner as would reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.19
    Intellectual Property.

        (a)  Except
as set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed or otherwise possesses legally enforceable
rights to use, all patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, and any applications therefor,
maskworks, net lists, schematics, technology, know-how, trade secrets, algorithms, processes and computer software programs or applications ("Intellectual Property") that are used in the
business of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries as currently conducted, other than such Intellectual Property the loss of use of which would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

        (b)  The
Company Disclosure Letter lists (i) all material patents and patent applications, registered trademarks, trade names and service marks and registered
copyrights and maskworks included in the Intellectual Property, including the jurisdictions in which each such Intellectual Property right has been issued or registered or in which any application for
such issuance and registration has been filed, and (ii) all licenses and other agreements which require annual payments in excess of $100,000 as to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary
is a party and pursuant to which any person is authorized to use any Intellectual Property of the Company or any Company Subsidiary and all material licenses and other agreements as to which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is authorized to use any third party patents, trademarks or copyrights, including software ("Third Party Intellectual Property Rights") which are incorporated in,
are, or form a part of any product of the Company or any Company Subsidiary that is material to its business, except for commercially available software used by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business. 

        (c)  To
the knowledge of the Company, there is no unauthorized use, disclosure, infringement or misappropriation of any Intellectual Property rights of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, or any Intellectual Property rights of any third party to the extent licensed by or through the Company or any Company Subsidiary, by any third party, except for such unauthorized
use, disclosure, infringement or misappropriation that has not had or would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

        (d)  To
the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in breach of any license or other agreement relating to the Intellectual Property of
the Company or Third Party Intellectual Property Rights, except for such breaches which have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect. 

        (e)  Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary (i) has been a party to any suit, action or proceeding which involves a claim of infringement of any patents,
trademarks, service marks or copyrights or violation of any trade secret or other proprietary right of any third party; or (ii) has brought any action, suit or proceeding for infringement of
Intellectual Property or breach of any license agreement involving Intellectual Property against any third party. To the knowledge of the Company, the design, development, distribution, marketing,
licensing or sale of products or services of the Company and Company Subsidiaries does not infringe on any patent, trademark, service mark or copyright of any third party. 

        (f)    The
Company or a Company Subsidiary has secured valid written assignments or work for hire agreements from all consultants and employees who contributed to the creation
and development of Intellectual Property of the rights to such contributions that the Company or a Company Subsidiary does not already own by operation of law, except such assignments or work for hire
agreements of which the failure to obtain have not and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

        (g)  The Company and each Company Subsidiary reasonably believes it has taken reasonable steps to protect its rights in its confidential information and trade secrets that it
wishes to protect. 

        SECTION 3.20
    Restrictions on Business Activities.
    There is no Judgment binding upon
the
Company or any Company Subsidiary which has or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing the conduct of business by the Company or any Company Subsidiary
as presently conducted. 

        SECTION 3.21
    Transactions with Affiliates.
    Except as set forth in the Company
Disclosure
Letter or in the Filed Company SEC Documents, no director, officer or other affiliate or "associate" (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary or, to the Company's knowledge, any person with whom any such director, officer or other affiliate or associate has any direct or indirect relation by blood, marriage or
adoption, not more remote than first cousin, or, to the Company's knowledge, any entity in which any such director, officer or other affiliate or associate, owns more than a 5% beneficial interest has
any interest in (i) any Contract, arrangement or understanding with the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or relating to the business or operations of Company or any Company Subsidiary,
(ii) any loan, arrangement, understanding or Contract for or relating to indebtedness of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or (iii) any property (real, personal or mixed), tangible
or intangible, used or currently intended to be used in, the business or operations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. 

ARTICLE IV

Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub    

        Parent and Sub, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to the Company as follows: 

        SECTION 4.01
    Organization, Standing and Power.
    Each of Parent and Sub is duly
organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has full corporate power and authority and possesses all governmental franchises, licenses,
permits, authorizations and approvals necessary to enable it to own, lease or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to conduct its businesses as presently conducted, except for failures which,
individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
the ability of Parent or Sub to consummate the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions (a "Parent Material Adverse Effect"). 

        SECTION 4.02
    Sub.

        (a)  Since
the date of its incorporation, Sub has not carried on any business or conducted any operations other than the execution of this Agreement, the performance of its
obligations hereunder and matters ancillary thereto. 

        (b)  The
authorized capital stock of Sub consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 100 shares have been validly issued, are fully paid
and nonassessable and are owned by Parent free and clear of any Lien. 

        SECTION 4.03
    Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability.
    Each of Parent and Sub
has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery by each of Parent and Sub of this Agreement and the
consummation by it of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Sub. No vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of
Parent is necessary to approve this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger or the other Transactions. Parent, as sole shareholder of Sub, has approved the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the
Transactions. Each of Parent and Sub has duly executed and delivered this Agreement, and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the Company, this Agreement constitutes its
legal, valid and binding 

obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to
or affecting creditors' rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 

        SECTION 4.04
    No Conflicts; Consents.

        (a)  The
execution and delivery by each of Parent and Sub of this Agreement, do not, and the consummation of the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions and compliance
with the terms hereof will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
or acceleration of any material obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Parent or Sub under, any provision of
(i) the charter or organizational documents of Parent or Sub, (ii) any Contract to which Parent or Sub is a party or by which any of their respective properties or assets is bound or
(iii) subject to the filings and other matters referred to in Section 4.04(b), any Judgment or Law applicable to Parent or Sub or their respective properties or assets, other than, in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, any such items that, individually or in the
aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. 

        (b)  No
Consent of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or permit from, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions by Parent or Sub, other than (i) filings under the HSR Act; (ii) the filing with the SEC of (A) the Offer Documents and
(B) such reports under Section 13 and 16 of the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions; (iii) the
filing of Articles of Merger with the Department of Consumer and Industry Services of the State of Michigan and the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; (iv) compliance with the rules
and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange; and (v) such other items that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect. 

        SECTION 4.05
    Information Supplied.
    None of the information supplied or to be supplied
by
Parent or Sub expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 or the Information Statement will, at the time such
document is filed with the SEC, at any time it is amended or supplemented or at the time it is first published, sent or given to the Company's shareholders, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or
(ii) the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to the Company's shareholders or at the time of the Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
Offer Documents will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and the Offer shall comply in all material respects
with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation or warranty is made by Parent or Sub with respect to statements made or
incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by the Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein. 

        SECTION 4.06
    Brokers.
    No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person,
other than Needham & Company, Inc., the fees and expenses of which will be paid by Parent, is entitled to any broker's, finder's, financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission
in connection with the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent or Sub. 

        SECTION 4.07
    Financing.
    At the expiration of the Offer and the Effective Time, Parent
and Sub will have available all of the funds necessary for the acquisition of shares of Company Common Stock to be purchased pursuant to the Offer and the Merger. 

ARTICLE V

Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business    

        SECTION 5.01
    Conduct of Business.

        (a)
    Conduct of Business by the Company.
    Except for matters set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter or
permitted or expressly contemplated by this Agreement or consented to in writing by Parent, from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time or earlier termination of this Agreement, the Company
shall, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary to, conduct its business in all material respects in the usual, regular and ordinary course in substantially the same manner as previously conducted and,
to the extent consistent therewith, use all commercially reasonable efforts to (i) preserve intact its current business organization, (ii) keep available the services of its current
officers and employees and (iii) preserve the goodwill of those customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having material business dealings with them. The Company
shall cause its Employee Stock Purchase Plan to be suspended effective April 1, 2002. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for matters set forth in the
Company Disclosure Letter or otherwise permitted or expressly contemplated by this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any
Company Subsidiary to, do any of the following without the prior written consent of Parent: 

          (i)  (A)
declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock, other than dividends and distributions by a
direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to its parent, (B) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in
respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock, or (C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or
any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or other securities; 

        (ii)  issue,
deliver, sell or grant (A) any shares of the Company Capital Stock, (B) any Voting Company Debt or other voting securities, (C) any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or any options, warrants or rights to acquire, any such shares, Voting Company Debt, voting securities or convertible or exchangeable securities or
(D) any "phantom" stock, "phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation rights or stock-based performance units, or any similar stock, rights or units, other than the issuance of the Company Common
Stock upon the exercise of Stock Options outstanding on the date of this Agreement and in accordance with their present terms; 

        (iii)  amend
its articles of incorporation, by-laws or other comparable charter or organizational documents (other than any amendment to the Company
By-laws to exempt the acquisition of shares of the
Company Capital Stock from the applicability of Sections Chapter 7A or 7B of the MBCA or Article 10 of the Company's By-laws); 

        (iv)  acquire
or agree to acquire (A) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any equity
interest in or business of any corporation, partnership, joint venture, association or other business organization or division thereof or (B) any assets that are material, individually or in
the aggregate, to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except purchases in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

        (v)  (A)
grant to any officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary any increase in compensation, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with
prior practice 

or to the extent required under employment agreements in effect as of the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents, (B) grant to any employee,
officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary any increase in severance or termination pay, except to the extent required under any agreement in effect as of the date of the most recent
financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents, (C) enter into, amend or terminate any employment, consulting, indemnification, severance or termination agreement with any
such employee, officer or director, (D) establish, adopt, enter into or amend in any material respect any collective bargaining agreement or other union agreement or the Company Benefit Plan,
except as required by applicable Law or (E) take any action to accelerate any rights or benefits, or make any material determinations not in the ordinary course of business consistent with
prior practice, under any collective bargaining agreement or the Company Benefit Plan; 

        (vi)  make
any change in accounting methods, principles or practices materially affecting the reported consolidated assets, liabilities or results of operations of the
Company, except insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP, SEC accounting rules and regulations or applicable Law; 

      (vii)  sell,
lease (as lessor), license or otherwise dispose of or subject to any Lien any properties or assets that are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except sales of inventory and excess or obsolete assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

      (viii)  (A)
incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person (other than any Company Subsidiary), issue or sell any debt
securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, guarantee any debt securities of another person, enter into any "keep well" or other
agreement to maintain any financial statement condition of another person or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing, except for short-term borrowings
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or (B) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any
other person, other than to or in the Company or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; 

        (ix)  make
or agree to make any new capital expenditures that in the aggregate are in excess of $100,000; 

        (x)  make
any material Tax election or settle or compromise any material Tax liability or refund other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

        (xi)  (A)
pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment,
discharge or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or in accordance with their terms, of liabilities reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated by, the
most recent consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the Filed Company SEC Documents, incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice or incurred pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, (B) cancel any material indebtedness (individually or in the aggregate) or waive any claims or rights of substantial
value, (C) waive the benefits of, or agree to modify in any manner, any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement in favor of the Company to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary
is a party or (D) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, enter into any interest rate, currency or commodity swaps, hedges or other similar financial
instruments; 

      (xii)  make
any individual or series of related payments outside the ordinary course of business, other than with respect to items specifically covered by other subclauses of
this Section 5.01(a), in excess of $100,000; 

      (xiii)  incur
or enter into any Contract outside the ordinary course of business, other than with respect to items specifically covered by other subclauses of this
Section 5.01(a), in excess of 100,000; or 

      (xiv)  authorize
any of, or commit or agree to take any of, the foregoing actions. 

        (b)
    Other Actions.
    The Company and Parent shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective subsidiaries
to, take any action that would, or that would reasonably be expected to, result in (i) any of the representations and warranties of such party set forth in this Agreement that is qualified as
to materiality becoming untrue, (ii) any of such representations and warranties that is not so qualified becoming untrue in any material respect or (iii) subject to
Section 8.01(f), any condition to the Offer set forth in Exhibit A or any condition to the Merger set forth in Article VII not being satisfied. 

        (c)
    Advice of Changes.
    The Company shall promptly advise Parent orally and in writing of any change or event
that has, since December 31, 2001, or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

        SECTION 5.02
    No Shopping.
    (a) Until the Effective Time or the termination of
this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the Company shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its officers, directors, agents, financial advisers, attorneys, accountants or other
representatives to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or encourage submission of proposals or offers from any person (other than Parent or Sub or their affiliates) relating to, or that could
reasonably be expected to lead to, a Business Combination or participate in any negotiations or discussions regarding, or furnish to any other person any information with respect to, or otherwise
cooperate in any way with, or assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage, any effort or attempt by any other person to do or seek a Business Combination, other than to advise such person of the
existence and content of this Section 5.02; provided, however, that the Company may, in response to an unsolicited written proposal from a third party with respect to a Business Combination
that the Company Board determines, in its good faith judgment, after consultation with and the receipt of the advice of its financial advisor and outside counsel, is a Superior Proposal,
(i) furnish access and information to, and negotiate, explore or otherwise engage in substantive discussions with such third party, only if the Company Board determines, in its good faith
judgment after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that failing to take such action would constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties of the Company Board under applicable Law and
(ii) take and disclose to the Company's shareholders a position with respect to another Business Combination proposal, or amend or withdraw such position, pursuant to
Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 under the Exchange Act. Prior to furnishing any non-public information to, entering into negotiations with, or accepting a Superior
Proposal from, such third party, the Company will (x) provide prompt notice to Parent to the effect that it is furnishing information to or entering into discussions or negotiations with such
third party and (y) receive from such third party an executed confidentiality agreement in reasonably customary form on terms not more favorable to such third party than the terms contained in
the Letter Agreement, dated February 25, 2002, between the Company and Parent (the "Confidentiality Agreement"). The Company will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing
solicitation, initiation, encouragement, activity, discussion or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore by the Company or any of its representatives with respect to any Business
Combination. 

        (b)  Except
as expressly permitted by this Section 5.02(b), neither the Company Board nor any committee thereof may (i) withdraw or modify, or propose publicly
to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent or Sub, the Company Recommendation, (ii) approve or recommend, or propose 

publicly to approve or recommend, a Business Combination or (iii) cause the Company to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement
related to any Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in response to an unsolicited Business Combination proposal from a third party, if the Company Board determines, in its good faith
judgment, after consultation with and the receipt of the advice of its financial advisor and outside counsel, that such proposal is a Superior Proposal and that failure to do any of the actions set
forth in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above would constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties of the Company's Board of Directors under applicable Law, the Company's Board of Directors may
(x) withdraw or modify the Company Recommendation, approve or recommend a Business Combination or cause the Company to enter into
a Business Combination or engage in any of the other activities described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above and (y) negotiate with a third party with respect to such Business
Combination proposal and, subject to the Company having paid to Parent the fees within the time frame described in Section 8.03 (as a condition subsequent) and having entered into a definitive
agreement with respect to such Business Combination proposal, terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(f); provided, however, that prior to entering into a definitive agreement with
respect to a Business Combination proposal, the Company shall give Parent at least five day's notice thereof, and shall cause its respective financial and legal advisors to negotiate with Parent to
make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement as would enable the Company to proceed with the transactions contemplated herein on such adjusted terms; provided, further, that if
the Company and Parent are unable to reach an agreement on such adjustments within five days after such notice from the Company, the Company may enter into such definitive agreement, subject to the
provisions of Article VIII. 

        (c)  The
Company shall notify Parent orally and in writing of any such inquiries, offers or proposals (including, without limitation, the material terms and conditions of any
such offer or proposal and the identity of the person making it), within 48 hours of the receipt thereof, shall use all reasonable efforts to keep Parent informed of the status and details of
any such inquiry, offer or proposal and shall give Parent prompt advance notice of the first delivery of non-public information to such person. If any such inquiry, offer or proposal is in
writing, the Company shall promptly deliver to Parent a copy of such inquiry, offer or proposal. 

        (d)  For
purposes of this Agreement, (i) "Business Combination" means (other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (A) a merger, consolidation
or other business combination, share exchange, sale of shares of capital stock, tender offer or exchange offer or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
(B) acquisition in any manner, directly or indirectly, of a material interest in any Company Capital Stock or Voting Company Debt of, or a material equity interest in the assets of, the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, including any single or multi-step transaction or series of related transactions that is structured to permit a third party to acquire beneficial ownership of a
majority or greater equity interest in the Company, or (C) the acquisition in any manner, directly or indirectly, of any material portion of the business or assets (other than immaterial or
insubstantial assets or inventory in the ordinary course of business or assets held for sale) of the Company or any Company Subsidiary and (ii) "Superior Proposal" means a proposed Business
Combination involving at least 50% of the shares of the Company Capital Stock or a material portion of the assets of the Company that the Company Board determines, after consulting with the Company's
financial advisors and outside counsel, is financially superior to the transactions contemplated hereby and it appears that the party making the proposal is reasonably likely to have the funds
necessary to consummate the Business Combination. 

        SECTION 5.03
    Actions of Company Board.
    Neither the Company Board nor any committee
thereof shall (i) take any action that would result in the holders of the Company Capital Stock no longer being legally capable under the MBCA of validly approving the Merger or this Agreement
or (ii) adopt any amendment to the Company Charter or the Company By-Laws or any resolution or take any other action that would have the effect of rescinding the actions taken to
render Chapter 7A and Chapter 7B of the MBCA or Article 10 of the Company's By-laws inapplicable to the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions. 

ARTICLE VI

Additional Agreements    

        SECTION 6.01
    Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Shareholders Meeting.

        (a)  If
the approval of this Agreement by the Company's shareholders is required by Law, as soon as reasonably practicable following the expiration and consummation of the
Offer, the Company and Parent shall, at Parent's request, prepare and file with the SEC the Proxy Statement in preliminary form, and each of the Company and Parent shall use its reasonable best
efforts to respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto. The Company shall notify Parent promptly of the receipt of any comments from the SEC or its
staff and of any request by the SEC or its staff for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information and shall supply Parent with copies of all correspondence between
the Company or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement. If at any time prior to receipt of the Company Shareholder
Approval there shall occur any event that should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, the Company shall as promptly as reasonably practicable prepare and mail to its
shareholders such an amendment or supplement. The Company shall not mail any Proxy Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, to which Parent reasonably objects. Subject to the foregoing, the
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the Company's shareholders as promptly as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. 

        (b)  If
the approval of this Agreement by the Company's shareholders is required by Law, at Parent's request, as soon as reasonably practicable following the expiration and
consummation of the Offer, the Company shall duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders (the "Company Shareholders Meeting") for the purpose of seeking the Company
Shareholder Approval. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent shall acquire at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each series of the Company Capital Stock, the
parties shall, at the request of Parent, take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable after the expiration and consummation of
the Offer without a shareholders meeting in accordance with Sections 450.1711 and 450.1735 of the MBCA. 

        (c)  Parent
shall cause all shares of the Company Common Stock purchased pursuant to the Offer and all other shares of the Company Common Stock owned by Parent, Sub or any
other subsidiary of Parent to be voted in favor of this Agreement and the Transactions. 

        SECTION 6.02
    Access to Information.
    Subject to applicable Law, upon reasonable prior
notice, the Company shall, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary to, afford to Parent and to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other representatives of Parent,
reasonable access during normal business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement to all their respective properties, books, contracts, commitments,
personnel and records and, during such period, the Company shall, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary to, furnish promptly to Parent (a) a copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement and other document filed by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal or state securities laws and (b) all other information concerning its business, properties
and personnel as Parent may 

reasonably request. No information or knowledge obtained pursuant to this Section 6.02 shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty made by the Company hereunder. Parent
will hold any information provided under this Section 6.02 that is non-public in confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Confidentiality
Agreement. 

        SECTION 6.03
    Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Notification.

        (a)  Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most
expeditious manner practicable, the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions, including (i) the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals from
Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental Entities that may be required under the HSR Act or otherwise) and the taking of all
reasonable steps as may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity; (ii) the obtaining of all necessary consents,
approvals or waivers from third parties; (iii) the defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of
the Transactions, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed; and (iv) the execution and delivery of
any additional instruments necessary to consummate the Transactions and to fully carry out the purposes of this Agreement. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing, Parent agrees to give
the Company reasonable notice of any meetings prior to the Closing Date with any Governmental Entity regarding the Transactions and the Company, at its option, may have representatives at such
meetings. In addition, the Company and the Company Board shall (i) take all action necessary to ensure that no state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes applicable
to any Transaction or this Agreement and (ii) if any state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation becomes applicable to any Transaction or this Agreement, take all action necessary
to ensure that the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement. 

        (b)  The
Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent or Sub shall give prompt notice to the Company, of (i) any representation or warranty made by it
contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any such representation or warranty that is not so qualified becoming untrue or
inaccurate in any material respect or (ii) the failure by it to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under
this Agreement; provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
under this Agreement. 

        SECTION 6.04
    Indemnification.

        (a)  Parent
shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, honor, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, all the Company's obligations to indemnify, defend
and hold harmless (including any obligations to advance funds for expenses) the present or former directors or officers of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and to advance expenses to them for
acts or omissions by such directors and officers occurring at or prior to the Effective Time to the extent that such obligations of the Company exist on the date of this Agreement, whether pursuant to
the Company Charter, the Company By-laws, individual indemnity agreements or otherwise, and such obligations shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in
accordance with the terms of the Company Charter, the Company By-laws and such individual indemnity agreements from the Effective Time. 

        (b)  The
Articles of Incorporation and by-laws of the Surviving Corporation shall contain provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification,
advancement of expenses and exculpation of former or present directors, officers and employees than are presently set forth in the Company Charter and the Company By-laws, which provisions
shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six years from the Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of any such individuals. 

        (c)  For
a period of six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause to be maintained in effect, at no expense to the beneficiaries, the current policies of directors'
and officers' liability insurance maintained by the Company (provided that Parent may substitute therefor policies with reputable and financially sound carriers of at least the same coverage and
amounts containing terms and conditions which are no less advantageous) with respect to claims arising from or related to facts or events which occurred at or before the Effective Time; provided,
however, that Parent shall not be obligated to make annual payments for such insurance to the extent such payments exceed 200% of the annual cost as of the date hereof by the Company for such
insurance (such 200% amount, the "Maximum Cost"). If such insurance coverage cannot be obtained at all, or can only be obtained at an annual cost in excess of the Maximum Cost, Parent shall maintain
the most advantageous policies of directors' and officers' insurance obtainable for an annual cost equal to the Maximum Cost; provided, however, if such insurance coverage cannot be obtained at all,
Parent shall purchase all available extended reporting periods with respect to pre-existing insurance in an amount which, together with all other insurance
purchased pursuant to this Section 6.06(c), does not exceed the Maximum Cost. The Company represents to Parent that the Maximum Cost is approximately $170,000. 

        (d)  In
the event that Parent or the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be
the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, then, and in
each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors or assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall succeed to the obligations set forth in this Section 6.04. 

        SECTION 6.05
    Public Announcements.
    Parent and Sub, on the one hand, and the Company,
on
the other hand, shall consult with each other before issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to the Offer,
the Merger and the other Transactions and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required by applicable Law, court
process or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities exchange. 

        SECTION 6.06
    Directors.
    Promptly upon the acceptance for payment of, and payment by
Sub
for, the shares of the Company Common Stock validly tendered pursuant to the Offer, Sub shall be entitled to designate such number of directors on the Company Board as will give Sub, subject to
compliance with Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act, representation on the Company Board equal to at least that number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, which is the product of
(a) the total number of directors on the Company Board (giving effect to the directors elected pursuant to this sentence) multiplied by (b) the percentage that (i) such number of
shares of the Company Common Stock so accepted for payment and paid for by Sub plus the number of shares of the Company Common Stock otherwise owned by Parent, Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent
bears to (ii) the number of such shares outstanding, and the Company shall, at such time, cause Sub's designees to be so elected; provided, however, that in the event that Sub's designees are
appointed or elected to the Company Board, until the Effective Time the Company Board shall have at least three directors who are Directors on the date of this Agreement and who are not officers of
the Company (the "Independent Directors"); and provided further that, in such event, if the number of Independent Directors shall be reduced below three for any reason whatsoever, any remaining
Independent Directors (or Independent Director, if there shall be only one remaining) shall be entitled to designate 

persons to fill such vacancies who shall be deemed to be Independent Directors for purposes of this Agreement or, if no Independent Directors then remain, the other directors shall designate three
persons to fill such vacancies who are not officers, shareholders or affiliates of the Company, Parent or Sub, and such persons shall be deemed to be Independent Directors for purposes of this
Agreement. Subject to applicable Law, the Company shall take all action reasonably requested by Parent within the Company's powers and necessary to effect any such election, including mailing to its
shareholders the Information Statement containing the information required by Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder and the Company shall
make such mailing with the mailing of the Schedule 14D-9 Amendment (provided that Sub shall have provided to the Company on a timely basis all information required to be included in
the Information Statement with respect to Sub's designees). In connection with the foregoing, the Company shall promptly, at the option of Sub, either increase the size of the Company Board or obtain
the resignation of such number of its current directors as is
necessary to enable Sub's designees to be elected or appointed to the Company Board as provided above. 

        SECTION 6.07
    Employee Matters.
    (a) Employees of the Surviving Corporation shall
be entitled to compensation and incentive arrangements similar to compensation and incentive arrangements offered by Parent to its similarly situated employees and Parent will set aside a pool of
300,000 stock options under Parent's stock option plan for grants of stock options to employees of Surviving Corporation, which stock options will be granted in the sole and absolute discretion of
Parent. With respect to any employee of the Surviving Corporation that is terminated without cause, Surviving Corporation shall provide severance pay comparable to that made available to similarly
situated employees of Parent terminated without cause. 

        (b)  To
the extent permitted under applicable Law and the applicable employee benefit plans, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, give employees of the
Company and Company Subsidiaries at the Effective Time ("Affected Employees") full credit for purposes of eligibility under such employee benefit plans or arrangements maintained by the Parent or the
Surviving Corporation in which such Affected Employees participate for such Affected Employees' service with the Company or any Company Subsidiary to the same extent as if the Affected Employees had
been employees of Parent during such Affected Employees' service with the Company or any Company Subsidiary. 

        (c)  To
the extent permitted under applicable Law and the applicable welfare benefit plans, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) waive all
limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to any participation and coverage requirements applicable to the Affected Employees under any welfare benefit
plans in which such Affected Employees may be eligible to participate after the Effective Time, other than limitations or waiting periods that are already in effect with respect to such Affected
Employees and that have not been satisfied as of the Effective Time under any welfare benefit plan maintained for the Affected Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time, and
(ii) provide each Affected Employee with credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time in satisfying any applicable deductible or
out-of-pocket requirements under any welfare benefit plans that such Affected Employees are eligible to participate in after the Effective Time. 

        SECTION 6.08
    Return of Evaluation Materials.
    Immediately after the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall request the return of all confidential information and reports, analyses, compilations, data, studies and other material that contain or otherwise reflect
or are generated from such confidential information provided to any third party under any confidentiality or similar agreement, and shall use its reasonable efforts to enforce any "standstill" or
similar obligations under all such confidentiality or similar agreements, in each case except the Confidentiality Agreement. 

ARTICLE VII    

Conditions Precedent  

        SECTION 7.01
    Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger.
    The
respective
obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions: 

        (a)
    Shareholder Approval.
    If required by law, the Company shall have obtained the Company Shareholder Approval. 

        (b)
    No Statutory Prohibition.
    No statute, rule, regulation, legislation or interpretation shall have been
enacted, enforced, promulgated, amended or issued which prohibits the completion of the Merger. 

        (c)
    No Injunctions or Restraints.
    No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect; provided, however, that prior to a party
asserting this condition, such party shall have complied with its obligations under Section 6.03 and shall have used its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such
injunction or other order and to appeal as promptly as possible any such injunction or other order that may be entered. 

        (d)
    Offer.
    Parent, Sub or their affiliates shall have purchased, or caused to be purchased, shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to the Offer. 

ARTICLE VIII    

Termination, Amendment and Waiver  

        SECTION 8.01
    Termination.
    This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, whether before or after receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval: 

        (a)  by
mutual written consent of Parent, Sub and the Company, duly authorized by the Board of Directors of such parties; 

        (b)  by
either Parent or the Company, duly authorized by the Board of Directors of such party: 

          (i)  unless
the Company Common Stock has been purchased pursuant to the Offer, if the Merger is not consummated on or before September 30, 2002 (the "Outside Date"),
unless the failure to consummate the Merger is the result of a material breach of this Agreement by the party seeking to terminate this Agreement; 

        (ii)  if
any Governmental Entity issues an order, decree or ruling or takes any other action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the Offer or the
Merger and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and nonappealable; or 

        (iii)  if
the Offer has expired or has been terminated in accordance with the terms set forth in this Agreement (including Exhibit A) without Company Common Stock
having been purchased pursuant to the Offer; provided, however, that the terminating party is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement; 

        (c)  by
Parent, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, prior to the acceptance of shares of Company Common Stock for payment pursuant to the Offer, if the Company
breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a
condition set forth in Exhibit A, and (ii) cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the Company of such breach (provided that Parent is
not then in material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement); 

        (d)  by
Parent, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, if the Company Board or any committee thereof withdraws the Company Recommendation or its approval or
recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger (it being understood and agreed that a communication by the Company Board to the shareholders of the Company pursuant to
Rule 14d-9(f)(3) under the Exchange Act (or any similar communication to the shareholders of the Company in connection with the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer)
shall not be deemed to constitute a withdrawal of the Company Recommendation or its recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger) or approves or recommends any Business Combination with a person
other than Parent and Sub; 

        (e)  by
the Company, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, prior to the acceptance of shares of the Company Common Stock for payment pursuant to the Offer, if Parent
breaches or fails to perform in any material respect any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform cannot be or has not been cured
within 30 days after the giving of written notice to Parent of such breach (provided that the Company is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant in this
Agreement); 

        (f)    by
the Company, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, if the Company has entered into or publicly announced its intention to enter into an agreement or an agreement
in principle with respect to a Superior Proposal, in strict compliance with Section 5.02 hereof; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 8.01(f) shall not be available if (1) the Company has breached any obligation under Section 5.02 hereof, or (2) the Company fails to pay the fee that it is required
to pay pursuant to Section 8.03; or 

        (g)  by
Parent, duly authorized by its Board of Directors, if the Company has entered into or publicly announced its intention to enter into an agreement or an agreement in
principle with respect to a Business Combination with a third party other than Parent or Sub, or any person, other than Parent or Sub or any of their affiliates, including a group (as defined under
the Exchange Act), becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 50% or more or the voting power of the Company or the outstanding
Company Capital Stock. 

        SECTION 8.02
    Effect of Termination.
    In the event of termination of this Agreement by
either the Company or Parent as provided in Section 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Sub or the
Company, other than Section 3.14, Section 4.06, Section 4.07, Section 5.03, the last sentence of Section 6.02, this Section 8.02, Section 8.03 and
Article IX, which provisions shall survive such termination, and except to the extent
that such termination results from the willful breach by a party of any representation, warranty or covenant set forth in this Agreement. 

        SECTION 8.03
    Fees and Expenses.

        (a)  In
the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to: 

          (i)  Sections
8.01(d), (f) or (g); 

        (ii)  Section 8.01(c)
and within twelve months thereafter the Company enters into an agreement with respect to a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal
(which Business Combination subsequently occurs) or a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal occurs involving any party (or any affiliate thereof) (A) with whom the Company (or
its agents) had negotiations with a view to a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal, (B) to whom the Company (or its agents) furnished information with a view to a Business
Combination constituting a Superior Proposal or (C) who had submitted a proposal for a Superior Proposal, in the case of each of clauses (A), (B) and (C), after the date hereof and prior
to such termination; or 

        (iii)  Section 8.01(b)(i) at
a time when (A) the Minimum Tender Condition is not satisfied; (B) there shall be outstanding a publicly announced
offer by a third party to complete a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal; and (C) no other condition to the Offer is unsatisfied, and within twelve (12) months
thereafter the Company enters into an agreement with respect to a Business Combination constituting a Superior Proposal (which Business Combination subsequently occurs) or a Business Combination
constituting a Superior Proposal occurs, in either case involving the third party referred to above; 

then
Parent and Sub would suffer direct and substantial damages, which damages cannot be determined with reasonable certainty. To compensate Parent and Sub for such damages, in addition to the Parent
Option, the Company shall pay to Parent the amount of $3,000,000 as liquidated damages within five business days (or such lesser time as may be specified herein) following (x) such termination
referred to in Section 8.03(a)(i) or (y) the occurrence of the Business Combination which triggers the obligation to make the payment pursuant to
Section 8.03(a)(ii) or (iii). Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that the amount to be paid pursuant to this Section 8.03(a), together with the Parent Option, represents
liquidated damages and not a penalty and is the sole and exclusive remedy of Parent and Sub with respect to the termination of this Agreement for the reasons set forth in this Section 8.03. 

        (b)  Except
as specifically provided in this Section 8.03, each party shall bear its own expenses in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

        SECTION 8.04
    Amendment.
    Subject to applicable Law, this Agreement may be amended by
the
parties hereto by execution of an instrument in writing signed by all parties; provided, however, that after receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval, there shall be made no amendment that by law
requires further approval by the shareholders of the Company without the further approval of such shareholders. 

        SECTION 8.05
    Extension; Waiver.
    At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties
may
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in this
Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso of Section 8.04, waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in
this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any
party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights. 

        SECTION 8.06
    Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver.
    A termination
of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01, an amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.04 or an extension or waiver pursuant to Section 8.05 shall, in order to be
effective, require in the case of Parent, Sub or the Company, action by its Board of Directors or the duly authorized designee of its Board of Directors; provided, however, that, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, after the appointment of Sub's designees to the Company Board pursuant to Section 6.06, the approval of a majority of the Independent Directors shall
be required for the Company to (i) terminate this Agreement, (ii) exercise or waive any right of the Company under this Agreement, (iii) amend this Agreement or the Company
Charter or the Company By-laws in any manner adverse to the holders of the Company Common Stock, (iv) extend the time for performance of any obligation of Parent or Sub under this
Agreement, (v) extend or alter the Effective Time or (vi) grant any consent or take any other action with respect to this Agreement other than compliance herewith. 

ARTICLE IX    

General Provisions  

        SECTION 9.01
    Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.
    None of the
representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time or, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 8.02, any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01. This Section 9.01 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms
contemplates performance after the Effective Time. 

        SECTION 9.02
    Notices.
    All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given upon receipt by the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice): 

        (a)  if
to Parent or Sub, to 

MSC.Software
Corporation

2 MacArthur Place

Santa Ana, CA 92707

Attention: Lou Greco, CFO 

with
a copy to: 

O'Melveny &
Myers LLP

400 South Hope Street

Los Angeles, California 90017

Attention: Richard A. Boehmer, Esq. 

        (b)  if
to the Company, to 

Mechanical
Dynamics, Inc.

2300 Traverwood Drive

Ann Arbor, MI 48105

Attention: Michael Korybalski, Chairman & CEO 

with
a copy to: 

Honigman
Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP

2290 First National Building

660 Woodward Avenue

Detroit, Michigan 48226-3583

Attention: Samuel T. Stahl, Esq. 

        SECTION 9.03
    Definitions.

        (a)  For
purposes of this Agreement: 

        An
"
affiliate
" of any person means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such first person. 

        The
"
knowledge
" of the Company or any Company Subsidiary means the actual knowledge of any of the executive officers or directors of the
Company. 

        A
"
person
" means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, company, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association,
Governmental Entity or other entity. 

        A
"
subsidiary
" of any person means another person, an amount of the voting securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership
interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its board of directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of
which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first person. 

        SECTION 9.04
    Interpretation; Disclosure Letter.
    When a reference is made in this
Agreement to a Section, such reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The  and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be
followed by the words "without limitation". Any matter disclosed in any section of the Company Disclosure Letter shall be deemed disclosed for all purposes and all sections of the Company Disclosure
Letter to which such disclosure is clearly relevant. 

        SECTION 9.05
    Severability.
    If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,

illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule or Law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible. 

        SECTION 9.06
    Counterparts.
    This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties. 

        SECTION 9.07
    Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
    This Agreement, taken
together with the Company Disclosure Letter, the Exhibits hereto and the Confidentiality Agreement, (a) constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the Transactions and (b) except for the provisions of Article II and Section 6.04, are not intended to confer upon any
person other than the parties any rights or remedies; provided that the persons (other than the parties hereto) referred to in the provisions of Article II and Section 6.04 shall be
third-party beneficiaries of such provisions if, in the case of Article II, the Offer is consummated and, in the case of Section 6.04, after the Effective Time. 

        SECTION 9.08
    Governing Law.
    This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof; provided, however, that issues
involving corporate governance of any of the parties hereto shall be governed by their respective jurisdictions of incorporation and issues involving the consummation and effect of the Merger shall be
governed by the laws of the States of Michigan and Delaware, as applicable. 

        SECTION 9.09
    Assignment.
    Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties without the prior written consent of the other parties, except that Sub
may assign, in its sole discretion, any of or all its rights, interests and obligations under this Agreement to Parent or to any direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall
relieve Sub of any of its obligations under this Agreement. Any purported assignment without such consent shall be void. Subject to the preceding sentences, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure
to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and assigns. 

        SECTION 9.10
    Enforcement.
    The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the
event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law
or in equity. 

        IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company have duly executed this Agreement, all as of the date first written above. 

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation

By:

/s/  
FRANK PERNA, JR.

Name:

Frank Perna, Jr.

Title:

Chairman & CEO

MSC ACQUISITION II CORP., a Delaware corporation

By:

/s/  
FRANK PERNA, JR.

Name:

Frank Perna, Jr.

Title:

Chairman & CEO

MECHANICAL DYNAMICS, INC., a Michigan corporation

By:

/s/  
MICHAEL E. KORYBALSKI

Name:

Michael E. Korybalski

Title:

Chairman & CEO

EXHIBIT A  

Conditions of the Offer    

        Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or this Agreement, Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations
of the SEC, including Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Sub's obligation to pay for or return tendered shares of the Company Common Stock promptly after the
termination or withdrawal of the Offer), to pay for any shares of the Company Common Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer unless there shall have been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the
expiration of the Offer that number of shares of the Company Common Stock which would represent at least a majority of the Fully Diluted Shares (the "
Minimum Tender
Condition
"). The term "
Fully Diluted Shares
" means all outstanding securities entitled generally to vote in the election of
directors of the Company on a fully diluted basis, after giving effect to the exercise or conversion of all options, rights and securities exercisable or convertible into such voting securities.
Furthermore, notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or this Agreement, Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject as aforesaid, to pay for any shares of the Company Common Stock
not theretofore accepted for payment or paid for, and may terminate or amend the Offer, with the consent of the Company or if, at the time of the acceptance of such shares for payment or the payment
therefor, any of the following conditions exists: 

        (a)  there
shall be pending any suit, action or proceeding by any Governmental Entity that has a reasonable likelihood of success, (i) challenging the acquisition by
Parent or Sub of any Company Common Stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit the making or consummation of the Offer or the Merger or any other Transaction, or seeking to obtain from the Company, Parent
or Sub any damages that are material in relation to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as whole, (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit the ownership or operation by the Company, Parent
or any of their respective subsidiaries of any material portion of the business or assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole or Parent and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
or to compel the Company, Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material portion of the business or assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken
as a whole or Parent and its subsidiaries taken as a whole as a result of the Offer, the Merger or any other Transaction, (iii) seeking to impose limitations on the ability of Parent or Sub to
acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of ownership of, any shares of the Company Common Stock, including the right to vote the Company Common Stock purchased by it on all matters properly presented
to the shareholders of the Company or (iv) seeking to prohibit Parent or any of its subsidiaries from effectively
controlling in any material respect the business or operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries; 

        (b)  the
applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has not expired or been terminated; 

        (c)  any
statute, rule, regulation, legislation, interpretation, judgment, order or injunction shall be enacted, entered, enforced, promulgated, amended or issued with
respect to, or deemed applicable to, or any consent or approval withheld with respect to, (i) Parent, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries or (ii) the Offer, the Merger or
any other Transaction, in each case by any Governmental Entity that is reasonably likely to result, directly or indirectly, in any of the consequences referred to in paragraph (a) above; 

        (d)  except
as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or the Company Disclosure Letter, since the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed
Company SEC Documents, there shall have occurred any event, change, effect or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have, a Company Material Adverse
Effect other than any event, change, effect or development to the extent resulting from or relating to the announcement of this Agreement and/or compliance by the Company with the covenants set forth
herein; 

A-1

        (e)  the
Company Board of Directors or any committee thereof shall have withdrawn the Company Recommendation or its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger
or approved or recommended any Business Combination with any person other than Parent and Sub; 

        (f)    any
of the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement (without regard to any materiality qualifications contained therein) shall not be true and
correct as of such time (or, to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relates to an earlier date, on and as of such earlier date) and such untruth or incorrectness has had or would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect; 

        (g)  the
Company shall have failed to perform any obligation or to comply with any agreement or covenant of the Company to be performed or complied with by it under this
Agreement and such failure has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect; 

        (h)  this
Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms; or 

        (i)    any
of the Shareholders Agreements shall not remain in full force and effect; 

which,
in the good faith judgment of Sub or Parent, in any such case, and regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition (including any action or inaction by Parent or any of its
affiliates), makes it inadvisable to proceed with such acceptance for payment or payment. 

        The
foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Sub and Parent and may be asserted by Sub or Parent regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such condition or may (subject to
Section 1.01) be waived by Sub and Parent in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in their sole discretion. The failure by Parent, Sub or any other affiliate of Parent at any time
to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right, the waiver of any such right with respect to particular facts and circumstances shall not be deemed a waiver
with respect to any other facts and circumstances and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to time. 

A-2

EXHIBIT B-1  

Identified Shareholders    

Herbert S. Amster

David E. Cole

Joseph F. Gloudeman

Michael E. Korybalski

Mitchell I. Quain

Robert R. Ryan

David Peralta

Douglas M. Peterson 

B-1

QuickLinks

ARTICLE I The Offer and Merger

ARTICLE II Effect on the Capital Stock of the Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties of the Company

ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub

ARTICLE V Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business

ARTICLE VI Additional Agreements

ARTICLE VII

ARTICLE VIII

ARTICLE IX

Conditions of the Offer

Identified Shareholders

EX-99.(D)(2)

a2073702zex-99_d2.htm

EXHIBIT 99(D)(2)

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 99(d)(2)  

VOTING AGREEMENT    

THIS VOTING AGREEMENT
 (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of March 15, 2002, by and between
Herbert S. Amster, an individual ("Security Holder"), and MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"). 

RECITALS    

        A.    Security
Holder is the legal or beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock ("Company Common Stock"), no par value, of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., a Michigan
corporation (the "Company"), and/or the holder of options, warrants or other rights to acquire shares of Company Common Stock. 

        B.    Parent,
the Company, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub") are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") pursuant to which it is
proposed that Sub will merge with and into the Company (the "Merger"), and as a result of which the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock shall be converted into the right to receive a cash
payment. 

        C.    Security
Holder believes that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are in Security Holder's best interest and in the best interests of the
Company and all other shareholders of the Company, and it is a condition to Parent's obligations under the Merger Agreement that Security Holder enter into this Agreement. 

        D.    It
is understood and acknowledged by Security Holder that Parent is executing the Merger Agreement in reliance, in part, upon the contemporaneous execution and delivery
of this Agreement, that Parent will incur substantial expenses proceeding toward consummation of the Merger as
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and that such expenses will be undertaken, in part, in reliance upon and as a result of the agreements and undertakings of Security Holder set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE
, in consideration of the foregoing, and in order to induce Parent to execute the Merger Agreement and to proceed as
contemplated by the Merger Agreement toward the consummation of the Merger, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows: 

        1.
    Vote in Favor of Merger.
    During the period commencing on the date hereof and terminating upon the earlier of
(i) the Effective Time of the Merger (as defined in the Merger Agreement), and (ii) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, Security Holder agrees to vote
(or cause to be voted) all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock presently beneficially owned by Security Holder, and all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock with respect to which Security
Holder in the future acquires beneficial ownership (collectively, the "Shares"), at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company, and in any action by written consent of the shareholders of the
Company, in favor of the approval, consent and ratification of the Merger Agreement and the Merger and against any proposal or action (a) relating to a Business Combination (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) with a third party other than Parent or Sub, or (b) that could impede, interfere, frustrate, nullify or discourage the Merger, could facilitate an acquisition of the Company,
in any manner, by a party (other than Parent or Sub), or could reasonably result in any of the conditions to the Company's obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled. 

        2.
    No Inconsistent Arrangements.
    Security Holder hereby covenants and agrees that, except as contemplated by
this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, it shall not (i) transfer (which term shall include, without limitation, any sale, gift (other than a gift to a donee who agrees in writing with Parent
to be bound by the terms of this Agreement), pledge (other than a pledge which does not impair Security Holder's ability to perform under this Agreement) or other disposition), or consent to any
transfer of, any or all of the Shares or any interest therein, (ii) enter into any contract, option or other agreement or understanding with respect to any transfer of any or all of the Shares
or any interest 

therein, (iii) grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization in or with respect to the Shares, (iv) deposit the Shares into a voting trust or enter
into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to the Shares or (v) take any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere with the performance of its obligations
hereunder or the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement. 

        3.
    Grant of Irrevocable Proxy.

        (a)  Security
Holder hereby irrevocably grants to, and appoints, Parent the Security Holder's proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of
substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of Security Holder, to vote the Shares, or grant a consent or approval in respect of the Shares, in favor of the Merger Agreement and the Merger and
against any proposal or action (i) relating to a Business Combination with a third party other than Parent or Sub, or (ii) that could impede, interfere, frustrate, nullify or discourage
the Merger, could facilitate an acquisition of the Company, in any manner, by a party (other than Parent or Sub), or could reasonably result in any of the conditions to the Company's obligations under
the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled. 

        (b)  Security
Holder represents and warrants that any proxies heretofore given in respect of the Shares are not irrevocable, and that any such proxies have been revoked. 

        4.
    Agreement to Tender.
    Security Holder hereby covenants and agrees that Security Holder shall tender the Shares
pursuant to the Offer (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 

        5.
    Representations and Warranties of Security Holder.
    Security Holder represents and warrants to Parent that
Security Holder has the legal capacity to enter into and perform all of Security Holder's obligations under this Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Security Holder
will not violate any other agreement to which Security Holder is a party, including, without limitation, any voting agreement, stockholders agreement or voting trust. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Security Holder and, assuming due execution and delivery by Parent, constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of Security Holder, enforceable in accordance with its
terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights
generally and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), in each case now or hereafter in effect. 

        6.
    Assignment; Successors and Assigns.
    Except as provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by either of the parties hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party, except that Parent
may assign all or any of its rights hereunder to any wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon any purchasers, donees, pledges, and
other transferees of Company Common Stock legally or beneficially owned by Security Holder. This Agreement shall be binding upon any purchasers, donees, pledgees, and other transferees of Company
Common Stock legally or beneficially owned by Security Holder. During the period commencing on the date hereof and terminating upon the earlier of the Effective Time of the Merger and the termination
of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, Security Holder agrees not to make any sales, gifts, transfers, pledges, or other dispositions of Company Common Stock without first making any
such transferee or pledgee fully aware of Security Holder's obligations under this Agreement and obtaining such transferee's or pledgee's written agreement to comply with all terms hereof. 

        7.
    Injunctive Relief.
    Security Holder agrees that in the event of Security Holder's breach of any provision of
this Agreement, Parent may be without an adequate remedy at law. Security Holder therefore agrees that in the event of Security Holder's breach of any provision of this Agreement, Parent may elect to
institute and prosecute proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction to 

enforce specific performance or to enjoin the continuing breach of such provision, as well as to obtain damages for breach of this Agreement. By seeking or obtaining any such relief, Parent will not
be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which it may be entitled. 

        8.
    Counterparts.
    This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. 

        9.
    Further Assurances.
    Security Holder shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take such further
action as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

        10.
    Third-Party Beneficiaries.
    Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to give any
person other than the parties hereto any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or any provision contained herein. 

        11.
    Governing Law.
    This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of New York, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof. 

        12.
    Effectiveness.
    If this Agreement is executed by Security Holder prior to the approval of the Merger
Agreement by the Company's Board of Directors, then this Agreement shall be subject to, and shall become effective only upon, the approval of the Merger Agreement by the Company's Board of Directors
and the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by the Company, Parent and Sub. This Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

        IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent has caused this Voting Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and Security Holder has executed this Agreement, as of the date and year first
above written. 

MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation

By:

/s/  
FRANK PERNA, JR.

Name:

Frank Perna, Jr.

Title:

Chairman & CEO

/s/  
HERBERT S. AMSTER

 Herbert S. Amster

VOTING AGREEMENT    

THIS VOTING AGREEMENT
 (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of March 15, 2002, by and between
Mitchell I. Quain, an individual ("Security Holder"), and MSC.SOFTWARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"). 

RECITALS    

        A.    Security
Holder is the legal or beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock ("Company Common Stock"), no par value, of Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., a Michigan
corporation (the "Company"), and/or the holder of options, warrants or other rights to acquire shares of Company Common Stock. 

        B.    Parent,
the Company, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub") are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") pursuant to which it is
proposed that Sub will merge with and into the Company (the "Merger"), and as a result of which the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock shall be converted into the right to receive a cash
payment. 

        C.    Security
Holder believes that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are in Security Holder's best interest and in the best interests of the
Company and all other shareholders of the Company, and it is a condition to Parent's obligations under the Merger Agreement that Security Holder enter into this Agreement. 

        D.    It
is understood and acknowledged by Security Holder that Parent is executing the Merger Agreement in reliance, in part, upon the contemporaneous execution and delivery
of this Agreement, that Parent will incur substantial expenses proceeding toward consummation of the Merger as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and that such expenses will be undertaken, in part,
in reliance upon and as a result of the agreements and undertakings of Security Holder set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE
, in consideration of the foregoing, and in order to induce Parent to execute the Merger Agreement and to proceed as
contemplated by the Merger Agreement toward the consummation of the Merger, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows: 

        1.
    Vote in Favor of Merger.
    During the period commencing on the date hereof and terminating upon the earlier of
(i) the Effective Time of the Merger (as defined in the Merger Agreement), and (ii) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, Security Holder agrees to vote
(or cause to be voted) all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock presently beneficially owned by Security Holder, and all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock with respect to which Security
Holder in the future acquires beneficial ownership (collectively, the "Shares"), at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company, and in any action by written consent of the