URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/701811/000095014902000825/0000950149-02-000825.txt

SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-49415
		FILM NUMBER:		02627491

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		293 BOSTON POST ROAD WEST
		CITY:			MARLBORO
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5084800881

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		293 BOSTON POST RD WEST
		CITY:			MARLBORO
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUMMIT DESIGN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960514

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MENTOR GRAPHICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000701811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				930786033
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8005 SW BOECKMAN RD
		CITY:			WILSONVILLE
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97070-7777
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036857000

SC TO-T

f81012tscto-t.txt

SC TO-T

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ---------------------
                                  SCHEDULE TO
                                 (RULE 14D-100)
       TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(D)(1) OR SECTION 13(E)(1)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                             ---------------------

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.
                       (Name of Subject Company (Issuer))
                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION
                           INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION
                      (Names of Filing Persons (Offerors))
                    COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.01 PER SHARE,
                         (Title of Class of Securities)
                                   45769F102
                     (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)
                                WALDEN C. RHINES
                     PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION
                            8005 S.W. BOECKMAN ROAD
                         WILSONVILLE, OREGON 97070-7777
                                 (503) 685-1200
      (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person Authorized to Receive
          Notices and Communications on Behalf of the Filing Persons)
                                   COPIES TO:

               John J. Huber, Esq.                             Christopher L. Kaufman, Esq.
                 Latham & Watkins                                    Latham & Watkins
        555 11th Street, N.W., Suite 1000                         135 Commonwealth Drive
              Washington, D.C. 20004                           Menlo Park, California 94025
                  (202) 637-2200                                      (650) 328-4600

                             ---------------------
                           CALCULATION OF FILING FEE

              TRANSACTION VALUATION*                               AMOUNT OF FILING FEE
              ----------------------                               --------------------

                   $176,874,163                                           $35,375

* Estimated for purposes of calculating the filing fee only. The filing fee
calculation assumes the purchase of 44,778,269 shares of common stock of
Innoveda, Inc., which includes 4,396,262 shares issueble upon the exercise of
outstanding exercisable options, at a purchase price of $3.95 per share. The
amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, equals 1/50 of 1% of the
transaction value.

[ ] Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2)
    and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was previously paid.
    Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form
    or Schedule and the date of its filing.

Amount Previously Paid: N/A                               Filing party: N/A
Form or Registration No.: N/A                             Date Filed: N/A

[ ] Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications
    made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates:

     [X] third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1

     [ ] issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4

     [ ] going private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3

     [ ] amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results
of the tender offer [ ]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO relates to a tender offer by
Indiana Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation
("Mentor Graphics" and together with Purchaser, "Mentor"), to purchase all
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Innoveda,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), for a purchase price of $3.95 per
share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated April 30,
2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and in the related Letter of Transmittal (the
"Letter of Transmittal" which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as each may
be amended and supplemented from time to time, constitute the "Offer").

ITEMS 1 THROUGH 9, AND ITEM 11

     The information in the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal,
copies of which are filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and
(a)(1)(B) hereto, respectively, are incorporated herein by reference in answer
to items 1 through 9, and Item 11 in this Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO.

ITEM 10.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

     Not Applicable.

ITEM 12.  EXHIBITS

(a)(1)(A)  Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2002.
(a)(1)(B)  Letter of Transmittal.
(a)(1)(C)  Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
(a)(1)(D)  Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust
           Companies and Other Nominees.
(a)(1)(E)  Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial
           Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.
(a)(1)(F)  Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
           Number on Substitute Form W-9.
(a)(1)(G)  Joint Press Release dated April 23, 2002 (incorporated by
           reference to the Schedule TO-C filed by Mentor Graphics with
           the SEC on April 24, 2002).
(a)(1)(H)  Summary Advertisement, published April 30, 2002.
(b)(1)     Bridge Loan Agreement dated as of April 23, 2002 among
           Mentor Graphics Corporation, Bank of America, N.A. as agent,
           and the other financial institutions from time to time
           parties thereto.
(b)(2)     Promissory Note dated April 23, 2002, executed by Mentor
           Graphics Corporation in favor of Bank of America, N.A.
(c)        None.
(d)(1)     Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement dated as of October 5, 2001,
           between Mentor Graphics Corporation and Innoveda, Inc.

(d)(2)     Exclusivity and Confidentiality Agreement dated as of March
           25, 2002, as amended, between Mentor Graphics Corporation
           and Innoveda, Inc.
(d)(3)     Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 23, 2002, by
           and among Mentor Graphics Corporation, Indiana Merger
           Corporation and Innoveda, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by
           Mentor Graphics with the SEC on April 24, 2002).
(d)(4)     Form of Tender and Stockholder Support Agreement dated as of
           April 23, 2002, by and among Mentor Graphics Corporation,
           Indiana Merger Corporation, and each of William Herman,
           Richard Lucier, Kevin O'Brien, Peter Johnson, Kyoden Company
           Limited, DLJ Capital Corporation and DLJ ESC II, L.P.
(d)(5)     Form of Tender and Stockholder Support Agreement dated as of
           April 23, 2002, by and among Mentor Graphics Corporation,
           Indiana Merger Corporation, and each of William Botts, Keith
           Geeslin, Lorne Cooper, Steven Erwin, Hiroshi Hashimoto and
           Paula Cassidy.
(d)(6)     Form of Non-Compete Agreement dated as of April 23, 2002, by
           and among Mentor Graphics Corporation, Indiana Merger
           Corporation, Innoveda, Inc. and each of William Herman and
           Richard Lucier.
(e)        None.
(f)        None.
(g)        None.
(h)        None.

                                   SIGNATURE

     After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify
that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.

                                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

                                          By:   /s/ GREGORY K. HINCKLEY
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name: Gregory K. Hinckley
                                          Title:  President

                                          INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION

                                          By:   /s/ GREGORY K. HINCKLEY
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name: Gregory K. Hinckley
                                          Title:  Chief Financial Officer

Dated: April 30, 2002

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

(a)(1)(A)  Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2002.
(a)(1)(B)  Letter of Transmittal.
(a)(1)(C)  Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
(a)(1)(D)  Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust
           Companies and Other Nominees.
(a)(1)(E)  Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial
           Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.
(a)(1)(F)  Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
           Number on Substitute Form W-9.
(a)(1)(G)  Joint Press Release dated April 23, 2002 (incorporated by
           reference to the Schedule TO-C filed by Mentor Graphics with
           the SEC on April 24, 2002).
(a)(1)(H)  Summary Advertisement, published April 30, 2002.
(b)(1)     Bridge Loan Agreement dated as of April 23, 2002, among
           Mentor Graphics Corporation, Bank of America, N.A. as agent,
           and the other financial institutions from time to time
           parties thereto.
(b)(2)     Promissory Note dated April 23, 2002, executed by Mentor
           Graphics Corporation in favor of Bank of America, N.A.
(c)        None.
(d)(1)     Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement dated as of October 5, 2001,
           between Mentor Graphics Corporation and Innoveda, Inc.
(d)(2)     Exclusivity and Confidentiality Agreement dated as of March
           25, 2002, as amended, between Mentor Graphics Corporation
           and Innoveda, Inc.
(d)(3)     Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 23, 2002, by
           and among Mentor Graphics Corporation, Indiana Merger
           Corporation and Innoveda, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report Form 8-K filed by Mentor
           Graphics with the SEC on April 24, 2002).
(d)(4)     Form of Tender and Stockholder Support Agreement dated as of
           April 23, 2002, by and among Mentor Graphics Corporation,
           Indiana Merger Corporation, and each of William Herman,
           Richard Lucier, Kevin O'Brien, Peter Johnson, Kyoden Company
           Limited, DLJ Capital Corporation and DLJ ESC II, L.P.
(d)(5)     Form of Tender and Stockholder Support Agreement dated as of
           April 23, 2002, by and among Mentor Graphics Corporation,
           Indiana Merger Corporation, and each of William Botts, Keith
           Geeslin, Lorne Cooper, Steven Erwin, Hiroshi Hashimoto and
           Paula Cassidy.
(d)(6)     Form of Non-Compete Agreement dated as of April 23, 2002, by
           and among Mentor Graphics Corporation, Indiana Merger
           Corporation, Innoveda, Inc. and each of William Herman and
           Richard Lucier.
(e)        None.
(f)        None.
(g)        None.
(h)        None.

EX-99.(A)(1)(A)

f81012tex99-a1a.txt

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(A)

                                                             EXHIBIT (a)(1)(A)

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                                 (THE "OFFER")

                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                 (THE "SHARES")

                                       OF

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.
                                (THE "COMPANY")

                                       AT

                              $3.95 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION
                                 ("PURCHASER")

                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION
                              ("MENTOR GRAPHICS")

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
  NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, MAY 28, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     THE OFFER IS BEING MADE IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER, DATED AS OF APRIL 23, 2002 (THE "MERGER AGREEMENT"), AMONG MENTOR
GRAPHICS, PURCHASER AND THE COMPANY. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY, BY
UNANIMOUS VOTE OF ALL DIRECTORS PRESENT AT A MEETING DULY CALLED AND HELD ON
APRIL 23, 2002, HAS (I) DETERMINED THAT EACH OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY
THE MERGER AGREEMENT, INCLUDING EACH OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER DESCRIBED
HEREIN, IS FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS, (II) APPROVED THE OFFER AND ADOPTED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE SUBSEQUENT MERGER
OF PURCHASER WITH AND INTO THE COMPANY, AS A RESULT OF WHICH THE COMPANY WILL
BECOME A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF MENTOR GRAPHICS, AND (III) RECOMMENDED THAT
THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO
THE OFFER.

     THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (I) THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER A
NUMBER OF SHARES THAT REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF
OUTSTANDING SHARES ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE, AND (II)
THE EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF ANY AND ALL WAITING PERIODS UNDER THE
HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED, AND THE
REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. THE OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO OTHER CONDITIONS. SEE "THE
OFFER -- CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER."

     THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION, AND YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ BOTH IN THEIR ENTIRETY
BEFORE YOU MAKE A DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

                                   IMPORTANT

     If you wish to tender all or any part of your Shares, prior to the
expiration date of the Offer you should either (1) complete and sign the Letter
of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions in
the Letter of Transmittal included with this Offer to Purchase, have your
signature thereon guaranteed if required by Instruction 1 to the Letter of
Transmittal, mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal (or such facsimile
thereof) and any other required documents to the depositary for the Offer and
either deliver the certificates for such Shares to the depositary for the Offer
along with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) or deliver such
Shares pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfers set forth in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares" of this Offer to Purchase, or (2)
request your broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to
effect the transaction for you. If you have Shares registered in the name of a
broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee, you must
contact such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee if
you desire to tender your Shares.

     If you desire to tender your Shares and your certificates for such Shares
are not immediately available, or you cannot comply with the procedures for
book-entry transfers described in this Offer to Purchase on a timely basis, you
may tender such Shares by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery set
forth in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares."

     A summary of the principal terms of the Offer appears on pages 1-5 of this
Offer to Purchase.

     If you have questions about the Offer, you may call MacKenzie Partners,
Inc., the information agent for the Offer, at its address and telephone number
set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. You can also obtain
additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal
and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery from MacKenzie Partners, Inc., or your
broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee.

April 30, 2002

                                        ii

                               

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

SUMMARY TERM SHEET..........................................     1
INTRODUCTION................................................     6
THE OFFER...................................................     8
   1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date...................     8
   2. Extension of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment....     8
   3. Acceptance for Payment and Payment....................    10
   4. Procedure for Tendering Shares........................    10
   5. Withdrawal Rights.....................................    12
   6. Certain United States Federal Income Tax
     Considerations.........................................    13
   7. Price Range of Shares; Dividends......................    14
   8. Certain Information Concerning the Company............    14
   9. Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Mentor
     Graphics...............................................    18
  10. Source and Amount of Funds............................    19
  11. Background of the Offer...............................    20
  12. The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements..............    21
  13. Purpose and Structure of the Offer; Plans for the
     Company; Appraisal Rights..............................    33
  14. Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares;
      Nasdaq Listing; Registration under the Exchange Act...    34
  15. Dividends and Distributions...........................    35
  16. Conditions to the Offer...............................    36
  17. Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory Approvals...........    38
  18. Fees and Expenses.....................................    41
  19. Miscellaneous.........................................    41
Schedule I -- Directors and Executive Officers of Mentor
  Graphics and Purchaser....................................   I-1
Schedule II -- Section 262 of the Delaware General
  Corporation Law...........................................  II-1

                                       iii

                               SUMMARY TERM SHEET

     Mentor Graphics Corporation ("Mentor Graphics"), through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Indiana Merger Corporation ("Purchaser," and together with Mentor
Graphics, "Mentor"), is offering to purchase all of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of Innoveda,
Inc. (the "Company") for $3.95 per Share net to the seller in cash, without
interest, in connection with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April
23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement") by and among Mentor Graphics, Purchaser and
the Company. The following are some of the questions you, as a stockholder of
the Company, may have and answers to those questions. You should carefully read
this Offer to Purchase and the accompanying Letter of Transmittal in their
entirety because the information in this summary term sheet is not complete, and
additional important information is contained in the remainder of this Offer to
Purchase and in the Letter of Transmittal.

WHO IS OFFERING TO BUY MY SHARES? WHY?

     Our name is Mentor Graphics Corporation. We are an Oregon corporation and
are making the Offer through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Indiana Merger
Corporation, a Delaware corporation, which was formed for the purpose of making
a tender offer for the Shares. The tender offer is the first step in our plan to
acquire all of the outstanding Shares.

WHAT ARE THE CLASSES AND AMOUNTS OF SECURITIES SOUGHT IN THE OFFER?

     We are seeking to purchase all of the issued and outstanding Shares. See
the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and "The Offer -- Terms of the
Offer; Expiration Date."

HOW MUCH IS MENTOR OFFERING TO PAY FOR MY SHARES, AND WHAT IS THE FORM OF
PAYMENT? WILL I HAVE TO PAY ANY FEES OR COMMISSIONS?

     We are offering to pay $3.95 per Share, net to you, in cash, without
interest. If you tender your Shares to us in the Offer, you will not have to pay
brokerage fees, commissions or similar expenses. If you own your Shares through
a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your Shares on your behalf,
your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult
your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply.

WHAT DOES THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS THINK OF THE OFFER?

     We are making the Offer pursuant to the Merger Agreement, which has been
approved by the Company's Board of Directors. By unanimous vote of all directors
present at a meeting held on April 23, 2002, the Company's Board of Directors:

     - determined that the Offer and the Merger of Purchaser with and into the
       Company (the "Merger") are fair to and in the best interests of the
       stockholders of the Company;

     - approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and the transactions
       contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger; and

     - recommended that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer and tender
       their Shares pursuant to the Offer.

See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase.

WILL THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY TENDER THEIR SHARES IN
THE OFFER?

     Yes. The members of the Company's Board of Directors, each of the executive
officers of the Company and some of their respective affiliates have all agreed
to tender certain shares owned by them pursuant to the Offer. Each entered into
a Tender and Stockholder Support Agreement with Mentor pursuant to which they
agreed to tender and sell certain shares owned by them to us in accordance with
the terms of the Offer. The Tender and Stockholder Support Agreements entered
into by Mentor with these individuals relate to an

aggregate of 15,633,687 shares or approximately 39% of the Company's shares
outstanding as of April 23, 2002 (or approximately 32% of the Company's shares
on a fully diluted basis). See "The Offer -- The Merger Agreement; Other
Arrangements."

DOES MENTOR HAVE THE FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO MAKE PAYMENT?

     Yes. We will need approximately $160 million (or approximately $194 million
on a fully diluted basis) to purchase all Shares pursuant to the Offer and to
pay related fees and expenses. Since we currently have available borrowing
capacity of up to $215 million and currently have approximately $47 million in
cash and working capital available to buy all of the Shares outstanding and pay
related fees and expenses, the Offer is not subject to any financing condition.

IS MENTOR'S FINANCIAL CONDITION RELEVANT TO MY DECISION TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

     Since we have sufficient cash, working capital and available borrowings to
purchase the Shares and pay all fees relating to the Offer, the Offer is not
subject to any financing condition. Therefore, we believe our financial
condition is not material to your decision whether to tender in the Offer. If
you do not tender in the Offer, in the subsequent merger (if it occurs), you
will receive, for each Share you hold, the same cash price paid under the terms
of the Offer. If you would like additional information about our financial
condition, please see "The Offer -- Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and
Mentor Graphics -- Available Information."

WHAT ARE THE MOST SIGNIFICANT CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER?

     The most significant conditions to the Offer are the following:

     - that the Company's stockholders validly tender and do not withdraw prior
       to the expiration date of the Offer the number of Shares representing at
       least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on a fully
       diluted basis on the date of purchase (the "Minimum Condition"); and

     - that any waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws have expired or
       have been terminated.

We can waive some of the conditions to the Offer without the Company's consent
in our reasonable discretion; however, we cannot waive the Minimum Condition
without the Company's consent. For a complete list of the conditions to the
Offer, see "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer."

HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO DECIDE WHETHER TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

     You have until 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday, May 28, 2002
(the "Expiration Date"), to decide whether to tender your Shares in the Offer.
Further, if you cannot deliver everything required to make a valid tender to
Wilmington Trust Company, the depositary for the Offer, prior to such time, you
may be able to use a guaranteed delivery procedure, which is described in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares."

CAN THE OFFER BE EXTENDED AND, IF SO, UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES?

     We may extend the period of time for which the Offer is open pursuant to,
and in accordance with, the terms of the Merger Agreement or as may be required
by applicable law. We may extend the Expiration Date if any of the conditions
specified in "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" are not satisfied at the
scheduled Expiration Date but in no event later than December 23, 2002. In
addition, if the Offer has not been consummated at the Expiration Date due to
the failure to satisfy the condition to the Offer relating to the expiration of
the waiting period under any applicable antitrust statutes or regulations, we
will, at the request of the Company, extend the Expiration Date for one or more
periods (not in excess of ten business days each) but in no event later than
December 23, 2002.

     We may also elect to provide a "subsequent offering period" for the Offer.
A subsequent offering period, if we include one, will be an additional period of
time beginning after we have purchased Shares tendered

during the Offer, during which stockholders may tender their Shares and receive
payment for Shares validly tendered. If we decide to provide a subsequent
offering period, we will make a public announcement of our decision not later
than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the business day after the Expiration
Date. We do not currently intend to include a subsequent offering period,
although we reserve the right to do so. See "The Offer -- Terms of the Offer;
Expiration Date."

HOW WILL I BE NOTIFIED IF THE OFFER IS EXTENDED?

     If we decide to extend the Offer, we will inform Wilmington Trust Company,
the depositary for the Offer, of that fact and will make a public announcement
of the extension, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the business
day after the day on which the Offer was scheduled to expire.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO MY OPTIONS IN THE OFFER?

     We are not offering to purchase any options of the Company in the Offer. If
you wish to tender option shares in the Offer, you must exercise those options
and comply with the tender procedures described herein. In connection with the
merger of Purchaser with and into the Company (the "Merger"), Mentor has agreed
to assume each outstanding option to purchase Shares under any plan, agreement
or arrangement pursuant to which options to purchase Shares or other equity
interests of the Company have been granted. See "The Offer -- The Merger
Agreement; Other Arrangements."

HOW DO I TENDER MY SHARES?

     To tender Shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your
Shares, together with a completed Letter of Transmittal, to Wilmington Trust
Company, the depositary for the Offer, not later than the time the Offer
expires. If your Shares are held in street name by your broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee, such nominee can tender your
Shares through The Depository Trust Company. If you cannot deliver everything
required to make a valid tender to the depositary prior to the expiration date
of the Offer, you may have a limited amount of additional time by having a
broker, a bank or other fiduciary which is a member of the Securities Transfer
Agents Medallion Program or another eligible institution guarantee that the
missing items will be received by the depositary within three Nasdaq National
Market trading days after the expiration of the Offer. The depositary must
receive the missing items within that three trading-day period for the tender to
be valid. See "The Offer -- Procedures for Tendering Shares."

UNTIL WHAT TIME CAN I WITHDRAW TENDERED SHARES?

     You can withdraw tendered Shares at any time until the Offer has expired
and, if we have not agreed to accept your Shares for payment by June 28, 2002,
you can withdraw them at any time after such date until we accept Shares for
payment. If we decide to provide a subsequent offering period, we will accept
Shares tendered during that period immediately and thus you will not be able to
withdraw Shares tendered in the Offer during any subsequent offering period. See
"The Offer -- Withdrawal Rights."

HOW DO I WITHDRAW TENDERED SHARES?

     To withdraw Shares, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal, or a
facsimile of one, with the required information to Wilmington Trust Company, the
depositary for the Offer, while you have the right to withdraw the Shares. If
you tendered your Shares by giving instructions through a broker or nominee, you
must instruct your broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
nominee to arrange for the withdrawal of your Shares. See "The
Offer -- Withdrawal Rights."

WHEN AND HOW WILL I BE PAID FOR MY TENDERED SHARES?

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the Offer, we will pay for all
validly tendered and not withdrawn Shares promptly after the Expiration Date. We
will pay for your validly tendered and not withdrawn Shares by depositing the
purchase price with Wilmington Trust Company, the depositary for the Offer,
which will act as your agent for the purpose of receiving payments from us and
transmitting such payments to you. In all cases,

payment for tendered Shares will be made only after timely receipt by Wilmington
Trust Company of certificates for such Shares (or of a confirmation of a
book-entry transfer of such Shares as described in "The Offer -- Procedure for
Tendering Shares"), a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal
and any other required documents for such Shares.

WILL THE OFFER BE FOLLOWED BY A MERGER?

     Yes, unless the conditions to the Merger are not satisfied or waived. If we
accept for payment and pay for at least such number of Shares that satisfies the
Minimum Condition and the other conditions are satisfied or waived, Purchaser
will merge with and into the Company. If the Merger takes place, Mentor will own
all of the Shares of the Company and all remaining stockholders of the Company,
other than the Company's dissenting stockholders who properly exercise appraisal
rights, will receive $3.95 per share in cash. See the "Introduction" to this
Offer to Purchase. See also "The Offer -- The Merger Agreement; Other
Arrangements" for a description of the conditions to the Merger.

     Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and in order to facilitate a
short-form merger following the completion of the Offer, the Company has granted
to us an irrevocable option, exercisable in whole if the Minimum Condition is
met and we accept for payment pursuant to the Offer at least 85% but less than
90% of the Shares then outstanding, to purchase additional Shares equal to an
amount that, when added to the Shares that we already own at the time the option
is exercised, will constitute one Share more than 90% of the Shares then
outstanding (assuming the exercise of all outstanding exercisable options to
purchase Shares with an exercise price less than $3.95 per Share), at a price of
$3.95 per Share. We may only exercise this option so long as immediately after
the exercise we would own more than 90% of the Shares then outstanding. See "The
Offer -- The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements." If we exercise this option
or if we acquire more than 90% of the outstanding Shares in the Offer we intend
to consummate a "short-form" merger under Delaware law, which would not require
the approval of the Company's stockholders.

WILL THE COMPANY CONTINUE AS A PUBLIC COMPANY AFTER THE OFFER?

     Yes; however, if and when the Merger takes place, the Company will no
longer be publicly traded. In addition, it is possible that, following the
Expiration Date but prior to the consummation of the Merger, there may be so few
remaining stockholders and publicly held Shares that:

     - the Shares will no longer be eligible to be traded on the Nasdaq National
       Market or any securities exchange;

     - there may not be an active public trading market, or, possibly, any
       public trading market, for the Shares; and

     - the Company may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise cease
       being subject to the SEC rules relating to publicly held companies.

See "The Offer -- Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Nasdaq
Listing; Registration under the Exchange Act."

IF I DECIDE NOT TO TENDER, HOW WILL THE OFFER AFFECT MY SHARES?

     If the Merger takes place, stockholders not tendering in the Offer will
receive the same amount of cash per Share that they would have received had they
tendered their Shares in the Offer, subject to any appraisal rights properly
exercised under Delaware law. Therefore, if the Merger takes place and you do
not exercise appraisal rights, the only difference to you between tendering your
Shares and not tendering your Shares is that you will be paid earlier if you
tender your Shares. However, if the Merger does not take place and the Offer is
consummated, the number of stockholders and Shares that are still in the hands
of the public may be so small that there will no longer be an active public
trading market, or, possibly, any public trading market, for the Shares, which
may affect prices at which Shares trade. Also, as described above, the Company
may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise cease being subject to the
SEC rules relating to publicly held companies.

ARE APPRAISAL RIGHTS AVAILABLE IN EITHER THE OFFER OR THE MERGER?

     Appraisal rights are not available in the Offer. If the Merger is
consummated, holders of Shares at the effective time of the Merger who do not
vote in favor of, or consent to, the Merger will have rights under Section 262
of the Delaware General Corporation Law to demand appraisal of their Shares.
Under Section 262, stockholders who demand appraisal and comply with the
applicable statutory procedures will be entitled to receive a judicial
determination of the fair value of their Shares, exclusive of any element of
value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, and to
receive payment of that fair value in cash, together with a fair rate of
interest, if any. Any such judicial determination of the fair value of Shares
could be based upon factors other than, or in addition to, the price per Share
to be paid in the Merger or the market value of the Shares. The value so
determined could be more or less than the price per Share to be paid in the
Merger. See "The Offer -- Purpose and Structure of the Offer; Plans for the
Company; Appraisal Rights" and Schedule II to this Offer to Purchase for a more
full discussion and the complete text of Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

WHAT IS THE MARKET VALUE OF MY SHARES AS OF A RECENT DATE?

     On April 23, 2002, the last full trading day before we announced the
execution of the Merger Agreement, the closing price of a Share on the Nasdaq
National Market was $2.38. On April 29, 2002, the last full trading day before
the date of this Offer to Purchase, the closing price of a Share on the Nasdaq
National Market was $3.87. We recommend that you obtain a recent quotation for
Shares before deciding whether to tender your Shares.

WHAT ARE THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF TENDERING SHARES?

     The receipt of cash for shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be
a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes. In general,
a stockholder who tenders shares in the Offer or receives cash in exchange for
shares in the Merger will recognize gain or loss for United States federal
income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash
received and the stockholder's adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered in the
Offer or exchanged for cash in the Merger. If the Shares tendered or exchanged
constitute capital assets in the hands of the stockholder, such gain or loss
will be capital gain or loss. In general, capital gains recognized by an
individual will be subject to a maximum United States federal income tax rate of
20% if the Shares were held for more than one year. See "The Offer -- Certain
United States Federal Income Tax Considerations."

WHO CAN I TALK TO IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE OFFER?

     You can call MacKenzie Partners, Inc., the information agent for the Offer,
at (800) 322-2885 (toll free). See the back cover of this Offer to Purchase.

To the Holders of Common Stock of Innoveda, Inc.:

                                  INTRODUCTION

     We are Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation ("Mentor
Graphics"). Through our wholly-owned subsidiary Indiana Merger Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("Purchaser," and together with Mentor Graphics, "Mentor"),
we hereby offer to purchase all of the issued and outstanding common stock, par
value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of Innoveda, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), at the price of $3.95 per Share net to the seller in cash,
without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which together, as
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, constitute the
"Offer").

     The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of April 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), among the Company, Mentor
Graphics and Purchaser. The Merger Agreement provides that, as soon as
practicable following consummation of the Offer, Purchaser will be merged with
and into the Company (the "Merger") with the Company continuing as the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Mentor Graphics. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the
Merger (the "Effective Time"), each Share outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than Shares owned by Mentor, the Company or any of their
respective wholly-owned subsidiaries, all of which will be canceled, and Shares
held by the Company's stockholders, if any, who properly exercise their
appraisal rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL")) will
be converted into the right to receive $3.95 per Share in cash or any greater
per Share price paid in the Offer, net without interest (the "Merger
Consideration"). The Merger Agreement is more fully described in "The
Offer -- The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements."

     If you tender your Shares to us in the Offer, you will not be obligated to
pay brokerage fees, commissions or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the
Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of Shares pursuant to the
Offer. If you own your Shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker
or other nominee tenders your Shares on your behalf, your broker or other
nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult your broker or
other nominee to determine whether any charges will apply. We will pay all
charges and expenses of Wilmington Trust Company (the "Depositary") and
MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (the "Information Agent") incurred in connection with
the Offer. See "The Offer -- Fees and Expenses."

     The Company's Board of Directors has (1) determined that the Offer and the
Merger are fair to and in the best interests of the stockholders of the Company,
(2) approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, and (3) recommended that the
Company's stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the
Offer.

     Robertson Stephens, Inc. ("Robertson Stephens"), the Company's financial
advisor, has delivered to the Company's Board of Directors its written opinion,
dated April 23, 2002, to the effect that, as of such date and based on the
matters considered and subject to the assumptions, conditions and qualifications
set forth in such opinion, the cash consideration to be received in the Offer
and the Merger by holders of Shares (other than Mentor, affiliates of Mentor or
holders of Shares for which appraisal rights have been properly exercised) was
fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. The full text of
Robertson Stephens' written opinion, which describes the assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken, is included as an annex to the Company's Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule 14D-9") under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which is being mailed to
stockholders concurrently herewith. The opinion was not intended to be and does
not constitute a recommendation to any holder of Shares whether or not to tender
his or her Shares in the Offer or, if required, how to vote, or whether or not
to take any action, with respect to the Offer and the Merger. Holders of Shares
are urged to read the full text of such opinion carefully in its entirety.

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (1) there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date a number of Shares that
represents at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on a
fully diluted basis on the date of purchase (the "Minimum Condition"), and (2)
the

expiration or termination of any and all waiting periods under applicable
antitrust laws. The Offer is also subject to other conditions. See "The
Offer -- Conditions to the Offer."

     The Company has advised us that as of April 23, 2002, 49,022,122 Shares
were issued and outstanding, assuming the exercise of all options, warrants and
other rights to purchase common stock. Immediately prior to the commencement of
the Offer, Mentor and its subsidiaries beneficially owned no Shares, except for
15,633,687 Shares representing approximately 39% of the outstanding Shares (or
32% of the Shares on a fully diluted basis) beneficially owned pursuant to
Tender and Stockholder Support Agreements that were entered into by certain
stockholders of the Company in connection with the Merger Agreement.
Accordingly, we believe that the Minimum Condition would be satisfied if
approximately 24,511,062 Shares, including those subject to the Tender and
Stockholder Support Agreements, were validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to
the expiration of the Offer.

     In order to induce us to enter into the Merger Agreement, 13 stockholders
of the Company (the "Significant Stockholders") consisting of its directors,
executive officers and certain of their respective affiliates, owning in the
aggregate approximately 39% of the issued and outstanding Shares (or 32% of the
Shares on a fully diluted basis), have entered into the Tender and Stockholder
Support Agreements, each dated as of April 23, 2002 (each, a "Tender Agreement")
with Mentor pursuant to which the Significant Stockholders have, subject to
certain limitations, (i) agreed to tender and sell 15,633,687 Shares (the
"Subject Shares"), to Mentor pursuant to the Offer and (ii) agreed not to
withdraw any Subject Shares tendered in the Offer. In addition, six of the
Significant Stockholders have entered into Tender Agreements in which each such
Significant Stockholder has, subject to certain limitations, (i) agreed to vote
such Subject Shares in favor of the Merger and Merger Agreement and against any
acquisition proposal other than the Merger and (ii) granted to Mentor and
certain officers of Mentor an irrevocable proxy to vote such Subject Shares in
favor of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. For a discussion
of the Tender and Stockholder Support Agreements, see "The Offer -- The Merger
Agreement; Other Arrangements."

     The Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions,
including, if required, the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares. If the
Minimum Condition is satisfied and we acquire Shares pursuant to the Offer, we
would have sufficient voting power to approve the Merger without the affirmative
vote of any other stockholder of the Company. In addition, in order to
facilitate a short-form merger following the completion of the Offer, the
Company has granted us an irrevocable option, exercisable in whole if the
Minimum Condition is met and we accept for payment pursuant to the Offer more
than 85% but less than 90% of the Shares then outstanding, to purchase
additional Shares equal to an amount that, when added to the Shares that we
already own at the time the option is exercised, will constitute one Share more
than 90% of the Shares then outstanding (assuming the exercise of all
exercisable options to purchase Shares with an exercise price less than $3.95
per share), at a price of $3.95 per Share. We may exercise this option only so
long as immediately after the exercise we would own more than 90% of the Shares
outstanding. The Company has also agreed, if required, to cause a meeting of its
stockholders to be held as promptly as practicable following consummation of the
Offer for the purpose of considering and taking action upon the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement. We have agreed to vote all Shares that we
acquire in the Offer in favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement. See "The Offer -- The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements."

     After expiration or termination of the Offer, we may seek to acquire
additional Shares, through open market purchases, block trades, privately
negotiated transactions, a tender offer or exchange offer or otherwise, upon
such terms and at such prices as we may determine, which may be more or less
than the price offered or paid per Share pursuant to the Offer and could be for
cash or other consideration.

     THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION, AND YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ BOTH IN THEIR ENTIRETY
BEFORE YOU MAKE A DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

                                   THE OFFER

     1.  Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date.  On the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or
amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or amendment), Mentor will
accept for payment and pay for all Shares that are validly tendered prior to the
Expiration Date and not properly withdrawn.

     "Expiration Date" means 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday, May
28, 2002, unless we extend the period of time for which the Offer is open, in
which event "Expiration Date" means the latest time and date at which the Offer,
as so extended, shall expire.

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (1) the Minimum
Condition having been satisfied and (2) any waiting periods under applicable
antitrust laws having expired or been terminated. The Offer is also subject to
other conditions as described in "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer." If any
such condition is not satisfied, we may: (a) terminate the Offer and return all
tendered Shares; (b) extend the Offer and, subject to certain conditions and to
your withdrawal rights as set forth in "The Offer -- Withdrawal Rights," retain
all Shares until the expiration date of the Offer as so extended; or (c) subject
to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including the requirement
that we obtain the Company's consent to waive the Minimum Condition, and to any
requirement to extend the period of time during which the Offer must remain
open, waive such condition and purchase all Shares validly tendered prior to the
Expiration Date and not withdrawn or delay acceptance for payment or payment for
Shares, subject to applicable law, until satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions to the Offer. For a description of our right to extend, amend, delay
or terminate the Offer, see "The Offer -- Extension of Tender Period;
Termination; Amendment," "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" and "The
Offer -- The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements."

     On the date of this Offer to Purchase, we did not have beneficial ownership
of any Shares, except for 15,633,687 Shares (representing approximately 39% of
the outstanding Shares or 32% of the Shares on a fully diluted basis)
beneficially owned pursuant to the Tender Agreements that were entered into by
certain stockholders of the Company in connection with the Merger Agreement. For
a discussion of the Tender Agreements, see "The Offer -- The Merger Agreement;
Other Arrangements." The Company has advised us that as of April 23, 2002,
49,022,122 Shares were issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis. For
purposes of the Minimum Condition, the calculation of Shares issued and
outstanding on a "fully diluted basis" assumes that all outstanding stock
options, warrants and other rights are presently exercisable in full. The actual
number of Shares that will satisfy the Minimum Condition will depend on the
facts as they exist on the date of purchase.

     Under Rule 14d-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), we may, subject to certain conditions, provide a subsequent
offering period from three to 20 business days in length following the
expiration of the Offer on the Expiration Date. A subsequent offering period
would be an additional period of time, following the expiration of the Offer and
the purchase of Shares in the Offer, during which stockholders may tender Shares
not tendered in the Offer. A subsequent offering period, if one is included, is
not an extension of the Offer, which already will have been completed.

     We reserve the right to include a subsequent offering period in the Offer.
Pursuant to Rule 14d-7 under the Exchange Act, no withdrawal rights apply to
Shares tendered during a subsequent offering period and no withdrawal rights
apply during the subsequent offering period with respect to Shares tendered in
the Offer and accepted for payment. We will pay the same consideration to
stockholders tendering Shares in the Offer or in a subsequent offering period,
if we include one.

     2.  Extension of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment.  We reserve the
right to extend the Expiration Date, in our reasonable discretion, if at the
scheduled Expiration Date any of the conditions to the Offer have not been
satisfied or waived. In addition, if the Offer has not been consummated at the
Expiration Date due to the failure to satisfy the condition to the Offer
relating to the expiration of the waiting period under any applicable antitrust
statutes or regulations, we will, at the request of the Company, extend the
Expiration Date for one or more periods (not in excess of ten business days
each) but in no event later than December 23, 2002. We also have the right to
extend the Offer for any period required by any rule, regulation,

interpretation or position of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")
or the SEC Staff applicable to the Offer or any period required by applicable
law. Except as described in the next paragraph, we expressly reserve the right
in our reasonable discretion to waive any of the conditions to the Offer, to
make any change in the terms of our conditions to the Offer and to provide a
subsequent offering period for the Offer in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under
the Exchange Act.

     We will not, however, without the prior written consent of the Company, (i)
decrease the price per Share to be paid in the Offer, (ii) change the form of
consideration payable in the Offer, (iii) decrease the number of Shares sought
to be purchased in the Offer, (iv) waive the Minimum Condition, (v) impose
additional conditions to the Offer or (vi) amend any other term of the Offer in
any manner adverse to the holders of Shares.

     If we increase or decrease the percentage of Shares being sought or
increase or decrease the consideration to be paid for Shares pursuant to the
Offer and the Offer is scheduled to expire at any time before the expiration of
ten business days from, and including, the date that notice of such increase or
decrease is first published, sent or given in the manner specified below, the
Offer will be extended until the expiration of ten business days from, and
including, the date of such notice. If we make a material change in the terms of
the Offer (other than a change in price or percentage of securities sought) or
in the information concerning the Offer, or waive a material condition of the
Offer, we will extend the Offer to the extent required by applicable law. In a
published release, the SEC has stated its view that an offer must remain open
for a minimum period of time following a material change in the terms of such
offer and that the waiver of a condition, such as the Minimum Condition, is a
material change in the terms of an offer. The release states that an offer
should remain open for a minimum of five business days from the date the
material change is first published, sent or given to stockholders, and that if
material changes are made with respect to information that approaches the
significance of price or percentage of Shares sought, a minimum of ten business
days may be required to allow adequate dissemination and investor response.
"Business day" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a federal holiday
and consists of the time period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 Midnight, New York
City time.

     Any extension, delay, termination, waiver or amendment will be followed as
promptly as practicable by public announcement, in the case of an extension of
the Offer to be made no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next
business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date, in accordance with
the public announcement requirements of Rule 14e-1(d) under the Exchange Act.
Subject to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d) and 14d-6(c) under the
Exchange Act, which require that material changes in the information published,
sent or given to any stockholders in connection with the Offer be promptly
disseminated to stockholders in a manner reasonably designed to inform them of
such changes), and without limiting the manner in which we may choose to make
any public announcement, we have no obligation to publish, advertise or
otherwise communicate any public announcements other than by issuing a press
release to the Dow Jones News Service.

     If we extend the time during which the Offer is open, or if we are delayed
in our acceptance for payment of or payment for Shares pursuant to the Offer for
any reason, then, without prejudice to our rights under the Offer, the
Depositary may retain tendered Shares on our behalf and those Shares may not be
withdrawn except to the extent tendering stockholders are entitled to withdrawal
rights as described herein under "The Offer -- Withdrawal Rights." Our ability
to delay the payment for Shares that we have accepted for payment is limited by
(i) Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires that a bidder pay the
consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or on behalf of
stockholders promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the bidder's offer
and (ii) the terms of the Merger Agreement, which require that Mentor pay for
Shares that are tendered pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after the
Expiration Date.

     The Company has provided us with the Company's stockholder list and
security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders
of Shares. This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal and
other related documents will be mailed to record holders of Shares whose names
appear on the Company's stockholder list and will be furnished, for subsequent
transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares, to brokers, dealers, commercial
banks, trust companies and similar persons whose names, or the

names of whose nominees, appear on the stockholder list or, if applicable, who
are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security position listing.

     3.  Acceptance for Payment and Payment.  Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the
terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment), we will accept for
payment and pay for all Shares that are validly tendered on or prior to the
Expiration Date and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as we
are permitted to do so under applicable law, subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer." In
addition, we reserve the right, subject to the Merger Agreement and compliance
with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, to delay the acceptance for payment
or payment for Shares pending receipt of any regulatory or governmental
approvals to the Offer as described under the caption "The Offer -- Certain
Legal Matters; Regulatory Approvals." For a description of our right to
terminate the Offer and not accept for payment or pay for Shares or to delay
acceptance for payment or payment for Shares, see "The Offer -- Extension of
Tender Period; Termination; Amendment."

     For purposes of the Offer, we will be deemed to have accepted for payment
tendered Shares when, as and if we give oral or written notice of our acceptance
to the Depositary. We will pay for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the
Offer by depositing the purchase price with the Depositary. The Depositary will
act as your agent for the purpose of receiving payments from us and transmitting
such payments to you. In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary
of certificates for such Shares (or of a confirmation of a book-entry transfer
of such Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
(as defined in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares")), a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal and any other required
documents. Accordingly, payment may be made to tendering stockholders at
different times if delivery of the Shares and other required documents occurs at
different times. For a description of the procedure for tendering Shares
pursuant to the Offer, see "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares."

     Under no circumstances will we pay interest on the consideration paid for
Shares pursuant to the Offer, regardless of any delay in making such payment. If
we increase the consideration to be paid for Shares pursuant to the Offer, we
will pay such increased consideration for all Shares purchased pursuant to the
Offer.

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, we reserve the
right to transfer or assign, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or
more of our affiliates the right to purchase Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not relieve us of our
obligations under the Offer or prejudice your rights to receive payment for
Shares validly tendered and accepted for payment. If any tendered Shares are not
purchased pursuant to the Offer for any reason, or if certificates are submitted
for more Shares than are tendered, certificates for such unpurchased or
untendered Shares will be returned (or, in the case of Shares tendered by
book-entry transfer, such Shares will be credited to an account maintained at
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as defined below), without expense to you, as
promptly as practicable following the expiration or termination of the Offer.

     4.  Procedure for Tendering Shares.  Except for Shares tendered by
book-entry transfer, to tender Shares, either (1) the Depositary must receive at
one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase (A) a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
thereof) and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal and (B)
certificates for the Shares to be tendered by the Expiration Date, or (2) the
guaranteed delivery procedure described below must be complied with.

     Book-Entry Delivery.  The Depositary will establish an account with respect
to the Shares at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer
Facility") for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of
this Offer to Purchase, and any financial institution that is a participant in
the system of the Book-Entry Transfer Facility may make delivery of Shares by
causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into the
Depositary's account in accordance with the procedures of the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility. However, although delivery of Shares may be effected through
book-entry transfer, the Letter of Transmittal properly completed and duly
executed together with any required signature guarantees or an Agent's Message
and any other required documents must, in any case, be received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to
Purchase by the Expiration Date,

or the guaranteed delivery procedure described below must be complied with.
DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE
DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming
a part of a book-entry confirmation that states that the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that are the subject of such
book-entry confirmation which such participant has received, and agrees to be
bound by, the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Mentor may enforce
such agreement against such participant.

     Signature Guarantees.  Except as otherwise provided below, all signatures
on a Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial institution
(including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that
is a member of a recognized Medallion Program approved by The Securities
Transfer Association, Inc. or any other "eligible guarantor institution" (as
such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended) (each an "Eligible Institution"). Signatures on a Letter of
Transmittal need not be guaranteed (1) if the Letter of Transmittal is signed by
the registered holder of the Shares tendered therewith and such holder has not
completed the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on the Letter of
Transmittal or (2) if such Shares are tendered for the account of an Eligible
Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal.

     Guaranteed Delivery.  If you wish to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer
and cannot deliver such Share Certificates and all other required documents to
the Depositary by the Expiration Date, or cannot complete the procedure for
delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely basis, you may nevertheless tender
such Shares if all of the following conditions are met:

     - such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

     - a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery in
       the form provided by Mentor is received by the Depositary (as provided
       below) by the Expiration Date; and

     - the Share Certificates (or a Book-Entry Confirmation), together with a
       properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
       thereof) with any required signature guarantee or an Agent's Message and
       any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, are received
       by the Depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading days after
       the date of execution of the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

     The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or transmitted
by facsimile transmission or mailed to the Depositary and must include a
guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in such Notice.

     The method of delivery of Shares and all other required documents,
including through the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at your option and risk,
and the delivery will be deemed made only when actually received by the
Depositary. If certificates for Shares are sent by mail, we recommend registered
mail with return receipt requested, properly insured. In all cases, you should
allow sufficient time to ensure timely delivery.

     Back-up Withholding.  Under the United States federal income tax laws, the
Depositary may be required to withhold a portion of the amount of any payments
made to certain stockholders pursuant to the Offer or the Merger. In order to
avoid such back-up withholding, you must provide the Depositary with your
correct taxpayer identification number ("TIN") and certify that you are not
subject to such back-up withholding by completing the Substitute Form W-9
included in the Letter of Transmittal. Certain stockholders (including, among
others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not
subject to back-up withholding. If a stockholder does not provide its correct
TIN or fails to provide the certifications described above, the Internal Revenue
Service may impose a penalty on the stockholder and payment of cash to the
stockholder pursuant to the Offer may be subject to back-up withholding. All
stockholders tendering Shares pursuant to the Offer should complete and sign the
Substitute Form W-9 included in the Letter of Transmittal to provide the
information necessary to avoid back-up withholding. If you are a non-resident
alien or foreign entity not subject to back-up withholding, you must give the
Depositary a properly completed Form W-8BEN Certificate of Foreign Status or
successor form in order to avoid backup withholding with respect to payments
made to you.

     Grant of Proxy.  By executing a Letter of Transmittal (or delivering an
Agent's Message), you irrevocably appoint Walden C. Rhines and Gregory K.
Hinckley as your attorneys and proxies in the manner set forth in the Letter of
Transmittal to the full extent of your rights with respect to the Shares
tendered and accepted for payment by us (and any and all other Shares or other
securities issued or issuable in respect of such Shares on or after the date of
this Offer to Purchase). All such attorneys and proxies are irrevocable and
coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares. Such appointment is effective
only upon our acceptance for payment of such Shares. Upon such acceptance for
payment, all prior proxies and consents granted by you with respect to such
Shares and other securities will, without further action, be revoked, and no
subsequent proxies may be given nor subsequent written consents executed (and,
if previously given or executed, will cease to be effective). Our designees will
be empowered to exercise all your voting and other rights as they, in their sole
discretion, may deem proper at any annual, special or adjourned meeting of the
Company's stockholders, by written consent or otherwise. We reserve the right to
require that, in order for Shares to be validly tendered, immediately upon our
acceptance for payment of such Shares, we are able to exercise full voting
rights with respect to such Shares and other securities (including voting at any
meeting of stockholders then scheduled or acting by written consent without a
meeting).

     The foregoing proxies are effective only upon acceptance for payment of
Shares pursuant to the Offer. The Offer does not constitute a solicitation of
proxies, absent a purchase of Shares, for any meeting of the Company's
stockholders, which will be made only pursuant to separate proxy solicitation
materials complying with the Exchange Act.

     The tender of Shares pursuant to any one of the procedures described above
will constitute your acceptance of the Offer, as well as your representation and
warranty that (1) you own the Shares being tendered and (2) you have the full
power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered, as
specified in the Letter of Transmittal. Our acceptance for payment of Shares
tendered by you pursuant to the Offer will constitute a binding agreement
between us with respect to such Shares, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer.

     Validity.  We will determine, in our reasonable discretion, all questions
as to the form of documents and the validity, eligibility (including time of
receipt) and acceptance for payment of any tender of Shares, and our
determination shall be final and binding. We reserve the absolute right to
reject any or all tenders of Shares that we determine not to be in proper form
or the acceptance for payment of or payment for which may, in the opinion of our
counsel, be unlawful. We also reserve the absolute right to waive any defect or
irregularity in any tender of Shares. Our interpretation of the terms and
conditions of the Offer will be final and binding. None of Mentor, the
Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to
give notification of any defect or irregularity in tenders or waiver of any such
defect or irregularity or incur any liability for failure to give any such
notification.

     5.  Withdrawal Rights.  You may withdraw tenders of Shares made pursuant to
the Offer at any time prior to the Expiration Date. Thereafter, such tenders are
irrevocable, except that they may be withdrawn after June 28, 2002 unless such
Shares are accepted for payment as provided in this Offer to Purchase. If we
extend the period of time during which the Offer is open, are delayed in
accepting for payment or paying for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any reason,
or are unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for any reason,
then, without prejudice to our rights under the Offer, the Depositary may, on
our behalf, retain all Shares tendered, and such Shares may not be withdrawn
except as otherwise provided in this section. Any such delay will be accompanied
by an extension of the Offer to the extent required by law.

     To withdraw tendered Shares, a written or facsimile transmission notice of
withdrawal with respect to the Shares must be timely received by the Depositary
at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase,
and the notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered
the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of
the registered holder of Shares, if different from that of the person who
tendered such Shares. If the Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered to the
Depositary, a signed notice of withdrawal with (except in the case of Shares
tendered by an Eligible Institution) signatures guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution must be submitted prior to the release of such Shares. In addition,
such notice must specify, in the case of Shares tendered by delivery of
certificates, the

name of the registered holder (if different from that of the tendering
stockholder) and the serial numbers shown on the particular certificates
evidencing the Shares to be withdrawn or, in the case of Shares tendered by
book-entry transfer, the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares. Withdrawals may not
be rescinded, and Shares withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly
tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be re-tendered
by again following one of the procedures described in "The Offer -- Procedures
for Tendering Shares" at any time on or prior to the Expiration Date.

     We will determine, in our reasonable discretion, all questions as to the
form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal, and
our determination shall be final and binding. None of Mentor, the Depositary,
the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give
notification of any defect or irregularity in any notice of withdrawal or waiver
of any such defect or irregularity or incur any liability for failure to give
any such notification.

     If we provide a subsequent offering period following the Offer, no
withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered during that subsequent offering
period or to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment.

     6.  Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.  The following
summary of certain United States federal income tax consequences of the Offer
and the Merger to United States Holders (as defined below) is based on the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), applicable Treasury
Regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, each as in
effect as of the date of this Offer to Purchase, all of which may change,
possibly with retroactive effect. This summary assumes that Shares are held as
capital assets. It does not address all of the tax consequences that may be
relevant to particular stockholders in light of their individual circumstances,
or to other types of stockholders who may be subject to special rules
(including, without limitation, certain financial institutions, brokers, dealers
or traders in securities or commodities, insurance companies, "S" corporations,
expatriates, tax-exempt organizations, Non-United States Holders (as defined
below), persons who are subject to alternative minimum tax, persons who hold
Shares as a position in a "straddle" or as part of a "hedging" or "conversion"
transaction, persons that have a functional currency other than the United
States dollar, or persons who acquired their Shares upon the exercise of stock
options or otherwise as compensation). This summary also does not address any
state, local or foreign tax consequences of the Offer or the Merger.

     WE URGE EACH HOLDER OF SHARES TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME OR OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OFFER OR THE
MERGER TO SUCH HOLDER.

     A "United States Holder" is a holder of Shares that for United States
federal income tax purposes is (i) a citizen or resident of the United States;
(ii) a corporation or partnership created or organized in or under the laws of
the United States or any State or the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the
income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless
of its source; or (iv) a trust (a) the administration over which a United States
court can exercise primary supervision and (b) all of the substantial decisions
of which one or more United States persons have the authority to control and
certain other trusts considered United States Holders for federal income tax
purposes. A "Non-United States Holder" is a holder of Shares other than a United
States Holder.

     The receipt of cash in exchange of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the
Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax
purposes. In general, a United States Holder who sells Shares pursuant to the
Offer or receives cash in exchange for Shares pursuant to the Merger will
recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes equal to
the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received and the holder's
adjusted tax basis in the Shares sold pursuant to the Offer or exchanged for
cash pursuant to the Merger. Any such gain or loss would be long-term capital
gain or loss if the holding period for the Shares exceeded one year. Long-term
capital gains of noncorporate taxpayers are generally taxable at a maximum rate
of 20%. Capital gains of corporate stockholders are generally taxable at the
regular tax rates applicable to corporations.

     If the Merger is consummated, a United States Holder who exercises
appraisal rights and receives cash in exchange for its Shares will generally
recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash received
and the holder's adjusted tax basis in the Shares exchanged therefor.

     THE FOREGOING DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE AN ANALYSIS OF THE POTENTIAL TAX
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE OFFER OR THE MERGER, AND IS NOT
TAX ADVICE. THEREFORE, STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS
TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF TENDERING INTO THE OFFER OR
EXCHANGING SHARES PURSUANT TO THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY OF
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX LAWS.

     7.  Price Range of Shares; Dividends.  The Shares are listed and
principally traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "INOV." The
following table sets forth for the calendar quarters indicated the high and low
sales prices per Share on the Nasdaq National Market based on published
financial sources.

                                                              HIGH     LOW
                                                              -----   -----

FISCAL 2000
  Quarter ended April 1, 2000...............................  $9.38   $3.44
  Quarter ended July 1, 2000................................  $5.75   $3.56
  Quarter ended September 30, 2000..........................  $4.81   $3.53
  Quarter ended December 30, 2000...........................  $3.50   $1.75
FISCAL 2001
  Quarter ended March 31, 2001..............................  $4.31   $2.06
  Quarter ended June 30, 2001...............................  $3.98   $2.38
  Quarter ended September 29, 2001..........................  $2.68   $0.67
  Quarter ended December 29, 2001...........................  $2.00   $0.65
FISCAL 2002
  Quarter ended March 30, 2002..............................  $2.80   $1.74
  Quarter ending June 29, 2002 (through April 29, 2002).....  $3.90   $1.67

     On April 23, 2002, the last full trading day before we announced the
execution of the Merger Agreement, the closing price of a Share on the Nasdaq
National Market was $2.38. On April 29, 2002, the last full trading day before
the date of this Offer to Purchase, the reported closing sales price per Share
on the Nasdaq National Market was $3.87. We urge you to obtain current market
quotations for the Shares. The Company has never declared or paid cash dividends
on its stock.

     8.  Certain Information Concerning the Company.

     General.  The Company is a Delaware corporation, with principal executive
offices at 293 Boston Post Road West, Marlboro, Massachusetts 01752. The
telephone number of the Company's executive offices is (508) 480-0881. The
Company develops electronic design automation ("EDA") technology, software and
services for businesses in the consumer electronics, computer,
telecommunications, automotive and aerospace industries.

     Available Information.  The Company is subject to the informational
requirements of the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith files periodic
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to its
business, financial condition and other matters. The Company is required to
disclose in such proxy statements certain information, as of particular dates,
concerning the Company's directors and officers, their remuneration, stock
options granted to them, the principal holders of the Company's securities and
any material interest of such persons in transactions with the Company. Such
reports, proxy statements and other information may be inspected at the SEC's
public reference facilities at Room 1024 -- Judiciary Plaza, 450 Fifth Street,
N.W., Washington, DC 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained at
prescribed rates

by writing to the SEC's Public Reference Section at the address set forth above,
by calling (800) SEC-0330 or by accessing the SEC's Web site at
http://www.sec.gov.

     The information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase,
including, without limitation, financial information and the recommendation of
the Company's board of directors (the "Company Board"), has been furnished by
the Company or its representatives or taken from or based upon publicly
available reports on file with the SEC and other public sources. The summary
information set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to such
publicly available information (which may be obtained and inspected as described
herein) and should be considered in conjunction with the more comprehensive
financial and other information in such reports and other publicly available
information. Although we have no knowledge that would indicate that any
statements contained herein based upon such reports and documents are untrue, we
take no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information
contained in such reports and other documents or for any failure by the Company
to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or
accuracy of any such information but that are unknown to us.

     Summary Financial Information.  The summary consolidated financial
information for each of the Company's last three fiscal years set forth below is
derived from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 29, 2001 and the quarterly information for the fiscal quarter ended
March 30, 2002 is derived from the Company's press release issued April 24,
2002. More comprehensive financial information is included in the referenced
filings (including management's discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operation) and other documents filed by the Company with the SEC.
The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to such reports
and other documents and all of the financial information and notes contained
therein. Copies of such reports and other documents may be examined at or
obtained from the SEC in the manner set forth above.

                   SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                                                           YEAR ENDED (1)
                                              ----------------------------------------
                                              JANUARY 1,   DECEMBER 30,   DECEMBER 29,   QUARTER ENDED
                                                 2000        2000(2)          2001       MARCH 30, 2002
                                              ----------   ------------   ------------   --------------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
  Total revenue.............................   $ 53,499      $ 89,859       $ 91,417        $ 15,707
  Restructuring and merger costs............         --         2,736          5,865              --
  Impairment of intangible assets...........         --            --         32,945              --
  In-process research and development.......         --         5,453             --              --
  Total operating expenses..................     51,317        98,896        147,315          19,913
  Income (loss) from operations.............      2,182        (9,037)       (55,898)         (4,206)
  Net income (loss).........................        259       (11,168)       (42,637)         (3,061)
  Net income (loss) per diluted share.......       0.02         (0.40)         (1.09)          (0.08)
  Number of shares used in computing diluted
     earnings (loss) per share..............     15,586        28,252         39,224          40,035
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Working capital (deficit).................   $ (7,959)     $  4,656       $ (9,532)       $(11,732)
  Total assets..............................     31,445       142,624         72,292          63,168
  Long-term obligations, less current
     portion................................     14,379         6,000          1,750              --
  Redeemable convertible preferred stock....     32,000            --             --              --
  Stockholders' equity (deficit)............    (45,399)       54,600         12,391           9,806

- ---------------

(1) Innoveda was created by the business combination of Summit Design, Inc. and
    Viewlogic Systems, Inc., which was consummated on March 23, 2000. The
    business combination was accounted for as a reverse

    acquisition as former shareholders of Viewlogic owned a majority of the
    outstanding capital stock of Summit Design subsequent to the business
    combination. Therefore, for accounting purposes, Viewlogic is deemed to have
    acquired Summit Design. All pre-merger financial information presented
    represents the financial results for Viewlogic.

(2) Financial information for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2000, includes
    the results of Summit Design, Inc. form March 24, 200 and PADS Software,
    Inc. from September 22, 2000.

     On April 24, 2002, the Company announced the divestiture of its
system-level design software unit ("SLD") to a technology investment fund and
reported its financial results for the first quarter ended March 30, 2002. As
indicated in the table above, for the first quarter of 2002, the Company
reported revenue of $15.7 million with a net loss for the quarter of $3.1
million or $0.08 per share. For the same period last year, the Company reported
revenue of $27.3 million, operating income, before amortization, of $1.8 million
and a net loss of $2.1 million, or $0.05 per share.

     Certain Financial Forecasts.  In connection with our review of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Company provided us with
certain financial projections of the Company. In late March 2002, the Company
provided us with projections that included, among other things, the Company's
projections for total revenue and net income for the Company for 2002 assuming
that SLD was sold as of the beginning of the second quarter of 2002. Set forth
in the first table below is a summary of such projections. In early April 2002,
the Company provided us with updated projections for the Company for 2002 that
assumed no sale of SLD. Set forth in the second table below is a summary of such
updated projections. All of these projections were prepared by the management of
the Company to reflect the anticipated operation of the Company on a stand-alone
basis and do not give effect to the Offer, the Merger or any changes that may
result due to the future operation of the Company as a subsidiary of Mentor
following completion of the Merger, nor should such projections be considered in
evaluating the future performance of Mentor and the Company on a consolidated
basis. These projections should be read together with the financial statements
of the Company that can be obtained from the SEC as described above.

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.

                             CONSOLIDATED FORECAST
                     FISCAL YEAR 2002 (ASSUMES SALE OF SLD)
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                   FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST
                                                      Q1         Q2         Q3         Q4
                                                     2002       2002       2002       2002
                                                   --------   --------   --------   --------

Total assets.....................................  $68,035    $57,760    $56,628    $60,655
                                                   =======    =======    =======    =======
Total liabilities................................   63,308     56,946     43,626     41,982
                                                   -------    -------    -------    -------
Total stockholders' equity.......................   12,391     11,089     14,134     14,646
                                                   =======    =======    =======    =======

                                          FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST
                                           TOTAL        Q1         Q2         Q3         Q4
                                          FY 2002      2002       2002       2002       2002
                                          --------   --------   --------   --------   --------

Total revenue...........................  $71,490    $18,051    $16,004    $17,380    $20,055
Total operating expenses excluding
  amortization..........................   62,568     17,921     14,752     14,835     15,061
                                          -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Operating income before amortization....    8,921        130      1,253      2,545      4,994
Operating income before tax.............    6,900     (2,090)     5,002        739      3,250
Income/(loss) before tax................    6,522     (2,166)     4,888        638      3,161
Net income..............................    3,715     (1,428)     2,817        355      1,970
                                          =======    =======    =======    =======    =======

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.

                             CONSOLIDATED FORECAST
                   FISCAL YEAR 2002 (ASSUMES NO SALE OF SLD)
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST
                                                   Q1         Q2         Q3         Q4
                                                  2002       2002       2002       2002
                                                --------   --------   --------   --------

     Total assets.............................  $ 64,385   $ 58,924   $ 56,767   $ 59,704
                                                ========   ========   ========   ========
     Total liabilities........................    53,524     49,024     45,911     46,355
                                                --------   --------   --------   --------
     Total stockholders' equity...............    10,860      9,900     10,856     13,349
                                                ========   ========   ========   ========

                                       FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST   FORECAST
                                        TOTAL        Q1         Q2         Q3         Q4
                                        FY2002      2002       2002       2002       2002
                                       --------   --------   --------   --------   --------

Total revenue........................  $78,070    $17,602    $18,449    $19,685    $22,334
                                       -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Total operating expenses excluding
  amortization.......................   66,020     17,821     15,935     16,019     16,245
                                       -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Operating income before
  amortization.......................   12,050       (219)     2,513      3,666      6,090
                                       =======    =======    =======    =======    =======
Operating income before tax..........    1,361     (2,439)    (1,550)     1,432      3,918
                                       -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Income/(loss) before tax.............      943     (2,554)    (1,663)     1,331      3,829
Net income...........................      392     (1,688)    (1,117)       799      2,398
                                       =======    =======    =======    =======    =======

     The Company has advised us that these projections were not prepared with a
view to public disclosure or in compliance with published guidelines of the SEC
or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants regarding projections or forecasts. This information was provided to
us under a confidentiality agreement in connection with our evaluation of a
business combination transaction. These projections have been included in this
Offer to Purchase solely because they were made available to us and our advisors
in connection with our consideration of the Offer. These projections do not
purport to present operations in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and the Company's independent auditors have not examined or compiled
these projections and accordingly assume no responsibility for them. The Company
has advised us that its internal financial forecasts (upon which these
projections provided to us were based in part) are, in general, prepared solely
for internal use and capital budgeting and other management decisions and are
subjective in many respects and thus susceptible to interpretations and periodic
revision based on actual experience and business developments. These projections
also reflect numerous estimates and assumptions (not all of which were provided
to us), all made by management of the Company, with respect to industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, including effective tax rates consistent with historical levels
for the Company, all of which are difficult to predict, many of which are beyond
the Company's control, and none of which is subject to approval by us. In
particular, these projections assume the availability of working capital.

     Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the assumptions made in
preparing these projections will prove accurate. It is likely that there will be
differences between actual and projected results, and actual results may be
materially greater or less than those contained in these projections. The
inclusion of these projections herein should not be regarded as an indication
that any of Mentor, the Company or their respective affiliates or
representatives (including their financial advisors and accountants) considered
or consider these projections to be a reliable prediction of future events.
While these projections were furnished to us by the Company, we did not use or
rely on them in determining the $3.95 per Share consideration in the Offer and
the Merger. None of Mentor, the Company nor any of their respective affiliates
or representatives has made or makes any representation to any person regarding
the ultimate performance of the Company compared to the

information contained in these projections, and none of them intends to update
or otherwise revise these projections after the date when made or to reflect the
occurrence of future events even in the event that any or all of the assumptions
underlying these projections are shown to be in error.

     9.  Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Mentor Graphics.

     General.  Purchaser is a Delaware corporation incorporated on April 3,
2002, with principal executive offices at 8005 S.W. Boeckman Road, Wilsonville,
Oregon 97070-7777. The telephone number of Purchaser's principal executive
offices is (503) 685-7000. To date, Purchaser has engaged in no activities other
than those incident to Purchaser's formation and the commencement of the Offer.
Purchaser is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics.

     Mentor Graphics is an Oregon corporation with principal executive offices
at 8005 S.W. Boeckman Road, Wilsonville, Oregon 97070-7777. The telephone number
of Mentor Graphics' executive offices is (503) 685-7000. Mentor Graphics
manufactures, markets and supports software and hardware EDA products and
provides related services which enable engineers to design, analyze, simulate,
model, implement and verify the components of electronic systems. In 1996,
Mentor Graphics expanded its product offerings beyond traditional EDA to include
(1) intellectual property products and services intended to increase design
efficiency by delivering standard, reusable functions for the design of hardware
components and (2) embedded software development and system verification tools
intended to shorten product time-to-market by allowing for simultaneous
development and testing of hardware and embedded software. Mentor Graphics
markets its products primarily to large companies in the communications,
computer, semiconductor, consumer electronics, aerospace and transportation
industries. Customers use Mentor Graphics' software in the design of such
diverse products as supercomputers, automotive electronics, telephone-switching
systems, cellular base stations and handsets, computer network hubs and routers,
signal processors and personal computers.

     The name, business address, principal occupation or employment, five-year
employment history and citizenship of each director and executive officer of
Mentor Graphics and Purchaser and certain other information are set forth on
Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase. Except as set forth in this Offer to
Purchase, during the past two years, none of Mentor Graphics or Purchaser, nor,
to our best knowledge, any of the persons listed on Schedule I hereto, has had
any business relationship or transaction with the Company or any of its
executive officers, directors or affiliates that is required to be reported
under the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable to the Offer. Except as
set forth in this Offer to Purchase, none of the persons listed in Schedule I,
nor any of their respective associates or majority-owned subsidiaries,
beneficially owns any securities of the Company. Except as set forth in this
Offer to Purchase, there have been no contacts, negotiations or transactions
between us or any of our subsidiaries or, to our best knowledge, any of the
persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and the
Company or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a merger, consolidation
or acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of securities, an election of
directors or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets. None of
the persons listed in Schedule I has, during the past five years, been convicted
in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors).
Except as described in Schedule I, none of the persons listed in Schedule I has,
during the past five years, been a party to any judicial or administrative
proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or
settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the
person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal
or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state
securities laws.

     As of the date of this Offer to Purchase, Mentor does not beneficially own
any Shares, except for 15,633,687 Shares (representing approximately 39% of the
outstanding Shares or 32% of the Shares on a fully diluted basis) beneficially
owned pursuant to the Tender Agreements. For a discussion of the Tender
Agreements, see "The Offer -- The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements."

     Available Information.  Mentor is subject to the informational requirements
of the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith files periodic reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC relating to its business,
financial condition and other matters. Mentor is required to disclose in such
proxy statements certain information, as of particular dates, concerning its
directors and officers, their remuneration, stock

options granted to them, the principal holders of its securities and any
material interests of such persons in transactions with Mentor. Such reports,
proxy statements and other information should be available for inspection and
copying at the offices of the SEC in the same manner as set forth with respect
to the Company in "Certain Information Concerning the Company -- Available
Information."

     10.  Source and Amount of Funds.  We will need approximately $160 million
(or approximately $194 million on a fully diluted basis) to purchase all of the
outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer and to pay related fees and expenses.
Purchaser intends to obtain all funds needed for the Offer and the Merger
through a capital contribution or a loan from Mentor Graphics. Mentor Graphics
plans to provide the funds for such capital contribution or loan from its
available borrowings, cash and working capital. The Offer is not subject to any
financing condition.

     Financing Documents and Terms.  On April 23, 2002, Mentor Graphics entered
into a Bridge Loan Agreement (the "Loan Agreement") with Bank of America, N.A.,
serving as administrative agent ("Bank of America"), and Banc of America
Securities LLC ("BAS") the lead arranger, pursuant to which Bank of America will
provide a 6-month unsecured non-revolving facility of up to $125 million (the
"Credit Facility"), on similar terms and conditions as were contained in Mentor
Graphics' existing credit agreement with Bank of America dated as of January
2001, as amended. The Credit Facility has been underwritten by Bank of America,
and BAS intends to syndicate post-closing a portion of the Credit Facility to
financial institutions acceptable to Bank of America and BAS. The facility will
terminate and all outstanding amounts will become due and payable on October 31,
2002.

     Borrowings under the Credit Facility may be used to purchase the Shares
pursuant to the Offer and the Merger and to pay for certain fees, expenses and
costs (including restructuring costs) in connection with the acquisition and
integration of the Company. The initial borrowing under the Loan Agreement will
be subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including (i) the valid
tender, acquisition or pledge of more than 50% of the Company's issued and
outstanding capital stock, (ii) material changes to the terms of the acquisition
since the closing of the Loan Agreement being reasonably satisfactory to Bank of
America and the majority banks (as defined in the Loan Agreement), (iii) all
governmental and third-party approvals necessary for the acquisition having been
obtained and all applicable waiting periods having expired and (iv) the delivery
to Bank of America of executed copies of all material agreements and documents
related to the acquisition.

     Interest Rates.  Under the Loan Agreement, Mentor Graphics will have the
option of borrowing funds at variable interest rates based either on a base rate
of interest or LIBOR, plus, in each case, a variable applicable margin. Interest
on loans based on a base rate of interest ("Base Rate Loans") will be payable at
the higher of (i) the prime rate charged by Bank of America and (ii) the federal
funds rate plus 0.50%, plus 1.25% (the "Base Interest Rate"). Interest on a loan
based on LIBOR ("LIBOR Loans") will be payable at the rate equal to the reserve
adjusted LIBOR rate plus 2.50%. The interest rates on both Base Rate Loans and
LIBOR Loans will increase by 0.75% on August 1, 2002 and by another 1.00% on
September 15, 2002. A default rate will apply in the event of a default on any
loans under the Credit Facility at a rate per annum of 2.00% above the then
applicable Base Interest Rate.

     Other Material Terms and Conditions.  The Credit Facility contains
representations, warranties and conditions to borrowing, covenants and events of
default customary for facilities of this nature. Other than the covenants and
provisions pertaining to the acquisition of the Company, the Loan Agreement's
provisions are materially similar to the provisions contained in Mentor
Graphics' existing credit agreement.

     The foregoing description of the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text thereof, a copy of
which has been filed as an exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO
filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference.

     Plans to Finance and Repay the Loan.  No final decisions have been made
concerning the method Mentor Graphics will employ to repay its borrowings under
the Loan Agreement. These decisions, when made, will be based on Mentor
Graphics' review from time to time of the advisability of particular actions, as
well as on prevailing interest rates, capital market conditions and other
economic factors. Furthermore, of

course, there can be no assurance that Mentor Graphics will be able to utilize
any one or more of the repayment options or as to the amount that will be
available under any of them.

     11.  Background of the Offer.  As part of the continuous evaluation of its
business, Mentor regularly considers a variety of strategic options and
transactions. As part of this process, Mentor has evaluated various alternatives
for expanding its business, including discussions with the Company from time to
time concerning the acquisition of the Company.

     On September 18, 2001, Henry Potts, General Manager of Mentor's systems
division, and Will Herman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, had a
telephone discussion concerning the possibility of an acquisition of the Company
by Mentor. They agreed to meet in Chicago on September 21, 2001 to discuss the
matter further.

     On September 21, 2001, Mr. Potts, Dennis Weldon, Treasurer of Mentor, Mr.
Herman and Richard Lucier, Chief Operating Officer of the Company, met in
Chicago and discussed differences between Mentor's and the Company's products in
the context of a potential acquisition of the Company by Mentor. The parties
agreed to schedule a telephone call the following week to discuss these matters
further.

     On telephone calls during the week of September 24, 2001 and in a meeting
on October 18, 2002 in Wilsonville, Oregon, Mr. Weldon, Mr. Potts, Mr. Herman
and Mr. Lucier discussed the possibility of Mentor acquiring the Company. Based
upon differences between the parties' perceptions of the Company's performance,
the parties concluded at the October 18, 2001 meeting that an acquisition by
Mentor was not practicable at that time but agreed to pursue discussions
regarding a potential acquisition in the future.

     On November 7, 2001, Bruce Alexander of the investment banking firm of
Needham & Company, or Needham, called Mr. Herman at Mentor's request to discuss
Mentor's potential interest in acquiring the Company.

     On January 9, 2002, Mr. Alexander and Mr. Herman met while attending an
investor conference in New York and discussed Mr. Herman's point of view of the
Company regarding the potential acquisition of the Company by Mentor. Given the
differences of opinion between the parties concerning this matter, the parties
did not pursue further discussions at that time.

     On March 5, 2002, Mr. Herman left a voicemail message with Gregory
Hinckley, President and Chief Operating Officer of Mentor, suggesting they meet
at a trade show they would both be attending. Mr. Hinckley and Mr. Herman met at
the trade show in Paris on March 6, 2002 and discussed a potential acquisition
of the Company by Mentor.

     From March 12, 2002 to March 18, 2002, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Herman, Mr.
Hinckley, and Mr. Weldon had daily telephone discussions with respect to a
potential acquisition of the Company by Mentor.

     On March 14, 2002, Mr. Weldon, Mr. Hinckley, Mr. Potts and Mr. Herman met
in Denver to discuss a potential acquisition of the Company by Mentor. The
Mentor representatives discussed the possibility of acquiring the Company for
$3.00 per share plus the net proceeds from the sale of the Company's
system-level design, or SLD, business. Mr. Herman agreed to discuss the matter
further with the Company Board.

     On March 18, 2002, Mentor formally retained Needham to act as Mentor's
financial advisor in connection with a potential acquisition of the Company.

     On March 20, 2002, Mentor's management submitted a draft term sheet to the
Company (the "Term Sheet") and a draft letter agreement with respect to
exclusivity and confidentiality (the "Exclusivity and Confidentiality
Agreement"). The Term Sheet contemplated an acquisition of the outstanding
shares of the Company for $3.50 per share, plus the proceeds from the sale of
the SLD business, pursuant to a definitive agreement to be negotiated during a
period of exclusive negotiations between the parties, which period of
exclusivity would end in late April 2002.

     From March 20, 2002 to March 24, 2002, Mr. Alexander had several telephone
calls with Mr. Herman and Mentor management to discuss various potential
acquisition prices. At the outset of these discussions, Mentor suggested an
acquisition price of $3.50 per share, plus the proceeds from the sale of the SLD
business,

which Mentor subsequently increased to $3.95 per share, plus the proceeds from
the sale of the SLD business, immediately prior to the March 24, 2002 Company
Board meeting.

     After the Company Board meeting on March 24, 2002, Mr. Herman had a
telephone call with representatives of Mentor during which they agreed to first
negotiate the terms of the Exclusivity and Confidentiality Agreement and then
proceed to negotiate a definitive merger agreement, rather than pursue
negotiations with respect to the Term Sheet.

     On March 25, 2002, Mentor and the Company entered into the Exclusivity and
Confidentiality Agreement, which provided that the Company would negotiate
exclusively with Mentor with respect to the sale of the Company until April 15,
2002, unless extended.

     Between March 25, 2002 and April 23, 2002, representatives of Mentor,
together with its legal and financial advisors conducted due diligence with
respect to the Company.

     From March 29, 2002 to April 23, 2002, representatives of Mentor and its
legal and financial advisors negotiated the terms and conditions of the proposed
Merger Agreement and proposed Tender Agreement with representatives of the
Company and its legal advisors.

     Between April 15, 2002 and April 23, 2002, the Company and Mentor extended
the expiration date of the Confidentiality and Exclusivity Agreement six times.

     On April 23, 2002, all of the directors present at a meeting of the Company
Board unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger. As a
condition to and an inducement for Mentor entering into the Merger Agreement, on
April 23, 2002, Mentor entered into separate Tender Agreements with each of the
Significant Stockholders.

     On April 23, 2002, Mentor and the Company issued a joint press release
announcing the Merger Agreement and the Offer.

     On April 30, 2002, Mentor commenced the Offer in accordance with the Merger
Agreement.

     12.  The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements.

     The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Merger
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement
on Schedule TO filed with the SEC. The summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Merger Agreement, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

  THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TENDER AGREEMENTS

     Overview.  Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement,
Mentor and the Company are required to use their reasonable best efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all action and do, or cause to be done, all other
things necessary, proper or appropriate to consummate and make effective the
transactions provided for or contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the
commencement by Mentor of the Offer to purchase all outstanding Shares at $3.95
per Share. The obligation of Mentor to accept for payment or pay for any Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer will be subject only to the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Section 16 of the Offer to Purchase. The conditions
described in Section 16, except for the Minimum Condition, are for the sole
benefit of Mentor and may be asserted by Mentor regardless of the circumstances
giving rise to any such conditions and may be waived by Mentor, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time, in its reasonable discretion.

     In order to induce Mentor to enter into the Merger Agreement, Mentor
entered into a Tender and Stockholder Support Agreement (each, a "Tender
Agreement") with the Significant Stockholders under which each Significant
Stockholder has, among other things, agreed to tender such Significant
Stockholder's Shares in the Offer upon the terms and conditions set forth
therein. For additional information see "The Tender Agreements" below.

     As a further inducement to Mentor to enter into the Merger Agreement, the
Company granted Mentor an irrevocable option (the "Top-Up Option"), exercisable
if the Minimum Condition is met and Mentor accepts for payment Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer or shares acquired pursuant to the Tender Agreements at
least 85% of the Shares then outstanding (the "Top-Up Exercise Event"), to
purchase that number of Shares equal to the lowest number of Shares that, when
added to the number of Shares owned by Mentor or any other subsidiary of Mentor
at the time of such exercise, will constitute one Share more than 90% of the
outstanding Shares (assuming issuance of Shares pursuant to the Top-Up Option
and the exercise of all outstanding exercisable options to purchase Shares with
an exercise price less than the price per Share in the Offer), at a price equal
to $3.95 per Share; provided, however, that the Top-Up Option shall not be
exercisable unless immediately after such exercise Mentor would own more than
90% of the Shares then outstanding. Mentor may exercise the Top-Up Option in
whole but not in part at any one time after the occurrence of the Top-Up
Exercise Event and prior to the Effective Time or the termination of the Merger
Agreement.

     In the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed that concurrently with the
date Mentor's Offer documents are filed with the SEC, it will file with the SEC
and mail to its stockholders a Solicitation/ Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9 containing the recommendation of the Company Board that the
Company's stockholders accept the Offer, tender all their Shares to Mentor and
approve the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

     The Merger.  The Merger Agreement provides that, if all of the conditions
to the Merger have been fulfilled or waived and the Merger Agreement has not
been terminated, Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company, and the
Company will continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation")
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor.

     At the Effective Time, each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior
thereto (other than Shares owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or by
Mentor or any other subsidiary of Mentor, all of which will be canceled, and
Shares held by stockholders who properly exercise their appraisal rights under
the DGCL) will, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive a cash payment of
$3.95 net without any interest thereon, payable in cash to the holder thereof.
Each share of common stock of Purchaser outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time will automatically be converted at the Effective Time into one
validly issued and outstanding share of common stock of the Surviving
Corporation.

     The Merger Agreement provides that upon acceptance for payment of, and
payment by Mentor in accordance with the Offer for, at least a majority of the
outstanding Shares, Mentor will be entitled to designate such number of
directors, rounded up to the next whole number, as will give Mentor
representation on the Company Board equal to the product of (i) the total number
of directors on the Company Board (giving effect to the directors elected
pursuant to this provision) and (ii) the percentage that the number of Shares
purchased by Mentor or any of its affiliates bears to the aggregate number of
Shares outstanding, and the Company will, upon the request by Mentor, promptly
secure the resignations of the number of directors as is necessary to enable
Mentor's designees to be elected to the Company Board and will cause Mentor's
designees to be so elected, provided, however, that at all times prior to the
Effective Time at least two members of the Company Board will be Continuing
Directors (as defined below). Following the election or appointment of Mentor's
designees pursuant to this provision and prior to the Effective Time, (i) any
amendment or termination of the Merger Agreement by or on behalf of the Company,
(ii) any exercise or waiver of any of the Company's rights or remedies under the
Merger Agreement and (iii) any extension of time for the performance or waiver
of any the obligations or other acts of Mentor under the Merger Agreement will
require the approval of a majority of the directors of the Company then in
office who are not designated by Mentor (the "Continuing Directors"), except to
the extent that applicable law requires that such action be acted upon by the
full the Company Board, in which case the action will require the approval of
both a majority of the full the Company Board and a majority of the Continuing
Directors.

     Recommendation.  The Company represents and warrants in the Merger
Agreement that the Company Board at a meeting duly called and held has by
unanimous vote of all directors present at such meeting duly adopted
resolutions:

          (i) determining that each of the transactions contemplated by the
     Merger Agreement, including each of the Offer and the Merger, is fair to
     and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders;

          (ii) approving the Offer and adopting the Merger Agreement in
     accordance with the DGCL;

          (iii) recommending acceptance of the Offer and approval of the Merger
     Agreement by the Company's stockholders (if such approval is required by
     applicable law); and

          (iv) taking all other action necessary to render the restrictions on
     business combinations contained in Section 203 of the DGCL inapplicable to
     the Offer, the Merger and the other agreements contemplated by the Merger
     Agreement.

     The Company Board agreed not to withdraw, modify or propose to publicly
withdraw or modify its recommendation described above in a manner adverse to
Mentor, except that the Company Board shall be permitted to withdraw or modify
its recommendation of the Merger Agreement, the Offer or the Merger in a manner
adverse to Mentor or approve or recommend or enter into an agreement with
respect to a Superior Proposal (as defined below) if the Company has complied
with the terms of the Merger Agreement. A withdrawal, modification or a public
proposal to publicly withdraw or modify the recommendation of the Company Board
or any committee thereof in any manner adverse to Mentor, however, may give rise
to certain termination rights on the part of Mentor under the Merger Agreement
and the right to receive certain termination fees as set forth therein. See
"Termination" and "Termination Fees and Expenses" below.

     Representations and Warranties.  In the Merger Agreement, the Company has
made customary representations and warranties to Mentor, including but not
limited to representations and warranties relating to the Company's organization
and qualification, authority to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate
the transactions contemplated thereby, compliance with applicable laws,
capitalization, subsidiaries, ability to enter into and consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement without breaching contracts or
violating laws, required consents and approvals, SEC filings (including
financial statements), the documents supplied by the Company related to the
Offer, the absence of certain material adverse changes or events since December
29, 2001, taxes, employee benefit plans, absence of brokers, licenses and
permits, environmental matters, labor and employment matters, intellectual
property, material agreements, restrictions on business activities, litigation,
insurance, affiliate transactions, opinion of its financial advisor, required
vote of stockholders, state takeover statutes, transaction expenses and
regulatory filings.

     Mentor has also made customary representations and warranties to the
Company, including representations and warranties relating to Mentor's
organization and qualification, authority to enter into the Merger Agreement and
consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, documents supplied by Mentor
related to the Offer, required consents and approvals, ability to enter into and
consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement without
breaching contracts or violating laws, the availability of sufficient funds to
perform their obligations under the Merger Agreement, the interim operations of
Mentor and the absence of brokers.

     Interim Agreements of Mentor and the Company.  Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, unless Mentor has agreed in writing thereto or except as otherwise
expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Company will, and will cause
each Company Subsidiary to:

          (i) conduct its operations only in the ordinary and usual course of
     business consistent with past practice; and

          (ii) use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep available the
     services of the current officers, key employees and key consultants of the
     Company and each Company Subsidiary, and preserve current relationships
     with such customers, suppliers and other persons with which the Company and
     each Company Subsidiary has significant business relations as is reasonably
     necessary to preserve substantially intact its business organization.

     In addition, from the date of the Merger Agreement to the Effective Time,
unless Mentor has consented in writing thereto or except as otherwise expressly
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Company will not and will not permit
any Company Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to do or agree to do, any of the
following:

          (i) amend or otherwise change its certificate of incorporation or
     bylaws or equivalent organizational documents;

          (ii) (A) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, transfer, encumber,
     or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant, transfer, or
     encumbrance of any shares of capital stock of, or other Equity Interests
     in, the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any class, or securities
     convertible or exchangeable or exercisable for any shares of such capital
     stock or other Equity Interests, or any options, warrants or other rights
     of any kind to acquire any shares of such capital stock or other Equity
     Interests or such convertible or exchangeable securities, or any other
     ownership interest, of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, other than
     the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of Company Options outstanding as
     of the date of the Merger Agreement (or Company Options outstanding that
     were otherwise approved by Mentor) in accordance with their terms or (B)
     sell, pledge, dispose of, transfer, lease, license, guarantee or encumber,
     or authorize the sale, pledge, disposition, transfer, lease, license,
     guarantee or encumbrance of, any material property or assets (including
     Intellectual Property) of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except
     pursuant to existing contracts or commitments or the sale, purchase or
     licensing of goods, products and software in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice;

          (iii) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other
     distribution (whether payable in cash, stock, property or a combination
     thereof) with respect to any of its capital stock (other than dividends
     paid by a wholly-owned Company Subsidiary to the Company or to any other
     wholly-owned Company Subsidiary) or enter into any agreement with respect
     to the voting of its capital stock;

          (iv) reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem, purchase or
     otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its capital stock, other
     Equity Interests or any other securities;

          (v) (A) acquire (including, without limitation, by merger,
     consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets) any ownership interest in
     any person or any division thereof or any assets, other than acquisitions
     of assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
     (B) except for accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practice, incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or
     issue any debt securities or assume, guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as
     an accommodation become responsible for, the obligations of any person
     (other than a wholly-owned Company Subsidiary) for borrowed money; (C)
     terminate, cancel or agree to any material change in any Company Material
     Contract other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice; or (D) make or authorize any capital expenditure in excess of the
     Company's budget as disclosed to Mentor prior to the date hereof;

          (vi) except as may be required by contractual commitments or corporate
     policies with respect to severance or termination pay in existence on the
     date of the Merger Agreement as disclosed in the Company Disclosure
     Schedule: (A) increase the compensation or benefits payable or to become
     payable to its directors, executive officers or employees (except for
     increases in accordance with past practices in salaries or wages of
     employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary which are not
     across-the-board increases), (B) except to the extent that the Company's
     existing severance policies are applicable to employees hired after the
     date hereof, grant any rights to severance or termination pay to, or enter
     into any employment or severance agreement with, any director, executive
     officer or employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or establish,
     adopt, enter into or amend in any material respect any collective
     bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option,
     restricted stock, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment,
     termination, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or
     arrangement for the benefit of any director, executive officer or employee,
     except to the extent required by applicable law or the terms of a
     collective bargaining agreement in existence on the date of the Merger
     Agreement or (C) take any affirmative action to amend or waive any
     performance or vesting criteria or accelerate vesting, exercisability or
     funding under any Company Benefit

     Plan, except, in each case, to the extent required by applicable law or
     existing term of any such Company Benefit Plan described in the Company
     Disclosure Schedule or as contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

          (vii) (A) pre-pay any long-term debt or pay, discharge or satisfy any
     claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, contingent or
     otherwise), except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice and in accordance with their terms, (B) accelerate or delay
     collection of notes or accounts receivable in advance of or beyond their
     regular due dates or the dates when the same would have been collected in
     the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (C) delay
     or accelerate payment of any account payable or in advance of its due date
     or the date such liability would have been paid in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice;

          (viii) make any change in accounting policies or procedures, other
     than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or
     except as required by GAAP or by a Governmental Entity;

          (ix) waive, release, assign, settle or compromise any material claims,
     or any material litigation or arbitration;

          (x) make or change any election in respect of taxes, adopt or change
     any material accounting method in respect of taxes, enter into any tax
     allocation agreement, tax sharing agreement, tax indemnity agreement or
     closing agreement, settle or compromise any claim, notice, audit report or
     assessment in respect of taxes, or consent to any extension or waiver of
     the limitation period applicable to any claim or assessment in respect of
     taxes;

          (xi) modify, amend or terminate, or waive, release or assign any
     material rights or claims with respect to any confidentiality or standstill
     agreement to which the Company is a party;

          (xii) write up, write down or write off the book value of any assets,
     individually or in the aggregate, for the Company and the Company
     Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for depreciation and amortization in
     accordance with GAAP consistently applied;

          (xiii) take any action to exempt or make not subject to (A) the
     provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL or (B) any other state takeover law
     or state law that purports to limit or restrict business combinations or
     the ability to acquire or vote shares, any person (other than Mentor and
     any subsidiary of Mentor) or any action taken thereby, which person or
     action would have otherwise been subject to the restrictive provisions
     thereof and not exempt therefrom;

          (xiv) take any action that is intended or would reasonably be expected
     to result in any of Conditions to the Offer or the conditions to the Merger
     set forth in the Merger Agreement not being satisfied;

          (xv) license, transfer, sell, distribute, encumber or grant access to
     any Intellectual Property of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, other
     than in the ordinary course of business;

          (xvi) enter into any new material line of business; or

          (xvii) authorize or enter into any agreement or otherwise make any
     commitment to do any of the foregoing.

  OTHER AGREEMENTS OF MENTOR AND THE COMPANY

     Stockholder Approval; Proxy Statement.  In the Merger Agreement, the
parties have agreed that, if required by applicable law, the Company will (1)
call and hold a special meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of voting
upon the Merger as promptly as practicable following the Expiration Date or upon
the request of Mentor, (2) prepare and file with the SEC and mail to its
stockholders a proxy statement relating to the Merger Agreement and (3)
recommend to its stockholders that they vote in favor of the approval of the
Merger and the Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereby,
unless the Company Board approves or recommends, or enters into an agreement
with respect to, a Superior Proposal (as defined below), or except to the extent
that the Company Board determines in good faith (after consultation with outside
counsel) that to do so would constitute a breach by the Company Board of its
fiduciary duties to the Company's stockholders. The Company must use reasonable
efforts to obtain the necessary approvals by its stockholders for the Merger and
take all other actions reasonably requested by Mentor to secure the vote of

stockholders for approval of the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the other
transactions contemplated thereby. At any such meeting, all of the Shares then
owned by Mentor and by any of Mentor's other subsidiaries or affiliates will be
voted in favor of the Merger and the Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event that Purchaser, or any other direct or indirect
subsidiary of Mentor Graphics, acquires at least 90% of the outstanding Shares,
the Company and Mentor will take all necessary and appropriate action to cause
the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable in accordance with Section
253 of the DGCL.

     No Solicitation.  The Company has agreed that, prior to the Effective Time,
it will not, and will not authorize or permit any Company Subsidiary or Company
Representative, directly or indirectly, to take any action to (A) encourage
(including by way of furnishing non-public information), solicit, initiate or
facilitate any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), (B) enter into any
agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or enter into any agreement,
arrangement or understanding requiring it to abandon, terminate or fail to
consummate the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by the Merger
Agreement or (C) participate in any way in discussions or negotiations with, or
furnish any information to, any person in connection with, or take any other
action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition
Proposal; provided, however, that if, at any time prior to the consummation of
the Offer, the Company Board determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside counsel, that it would otherwise constitute a breach of its fiduciary
duties to stockholders, the Company may, in response to a Superior Proposal (as
defined below) and subject to the Company's compliance with the Merger
Agreement, (1) furnish information with respect to the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries to the person making such Superior Proposal pursuant to a customary
confidentiality agreement the benefits of the terms of which are no more
favorable to the other party to such confidentiality agreement than those in
place with Mentor as amended as of the date thereof and (2) following the
execution of such a confidentiality agreement, participate in discussions with
respect to such Superior Proposal. The Merger Agreement requires that the
Company, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees,
representatives legal counsel, advisors and agents cease immediately and cause
to be terminated any and all existing discussions or negotiations with any
parties conducted before execution of the Merger Agreement with respect to an
Acquisition Proposal and promptly request that all confidential information with
respect thereto furnished on behalf of the Company be returned.

     "Acquisition Proposal" is defined in the Merger Agreement as any offer or
proposal concerning any (A) merger, consolidation, other business combination or
similar transaction involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary, (B) sale,
lease or other disposition directly or indirectly by merger, consolidation,
business combination, share exchange, joint venture or otherwise, of assets of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary representing 15% or more of the
consolidated assets, revenues or net income of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, (C) issuance or sale or other disposition (including by way of
merger, consolidation, business combination, share exchange, joint venture or
similar transaction) of Equity Interests representing 15% or more of the voting
power of the Company, (D) transaction in which any person will acquire
beneficial ownership or the right to acquire beneficial ownership or any group
has been formed which beneficially owns or has the right to acquire beneficial
ownership of, Equity Interests representing 15% or more of the voting power of
the Company or (E) any combination of the foregoing (other than the Offer and
the Merger); provided, however, that an Acquisition Proposal shall not include
the disposition of the assets of the Company's system level design ("SLD")
business or products.

     "Superior Proposal" is defined as any bona fide Acquisition Proposal (but
with all of the percentages included in the definition of such term raised to
50.01% for purposes of this definition) made by a third party which was not
solicited by the Company in violation of the Merger Agreement, any Company
Subsidiary, any Company Representatives or any other Company affiliates and
which, in the good faith judgment of the Company Board, taking into account, to
the extent deemed appropriate by the Company Board, the various legal, financial
and regulatory aspects of the proposal and the person making such proposal (A)
if accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated, (B) if consummated would,
after consultation with the Company's nationally recognized independent
financial advisor as to whether the Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior
Proposal, result in a transaction that is more favorable to the Company's
stockholders, from a financial point of view, than the Offer and the Merger as
the same may be proposed by Mentor to be amended

in response thereto and as provided in the Merger Agreement and (C) is not
subject to any financing condition.

     The Merger Agreement requires the Company to advise Mentor immediately of
any inquiry received by it relating to any potential Acquisition Proposal and of
the terms of any proposal or inquiry, including the identity of the person and
its affiliates making the same, that it may receive in respect of any such
potential Acquisition Proposal, or of any information requested from it or of
any negotiations or discussions being sought to be initiated with it, will
furnish to Mentor a copy of any such proposal or inquiry, if it is in writing,
or a written summary of any such proposal or inquiry (as well as of any
additional information received by the Company with respect to an Acquisition
Proposal), if it is not in writing and to keep Mentor fully informed on a
current basis with respect to the status of any such negotiations or discussions
and any developments with respect to the foregoing.

     Neither the Company Board nor any committee thereof will (A) withdraw or
modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to
Mentor, the approval or recommendation by the Company Board or such committee of
the Offer and the Merger and the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement,
(B) approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any
Acquisition Proposal other than the Offer and the Merger, or (C) cause the
Company to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition
agreement or other agreement related to any Acquisition Proposal other than the
Offer and the Merger, provided, however, that the Company may (1) take and
disclose to its stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule
14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal (provided
that the Company Board shall not withdraw or modify in an adverse manner its
approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger or the Merger Agreement
except as set forth below) or (2) in the event that a Superior Proposal is made
and the Company Board determines in good faith, after consultation with outside
counsel, that it would otherwise constitute a breach of its fiduciary duty to
stockholders, withdraw or modify its recommendation of the Offer and the Merger
prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, so long as the Company
continues to comply with all other provisions of the Merger Agreement and so
long as all the conditions to the Company's right to terminate the Merger
Agreement have been satisfied (including the expiration of the five business day
period described therein and the payment of all amounts required pursuant
thereto).

     Employee Benefit Matters.  Mentor has agreed to recognize all service of
the Company's employees for purposes of vacation and severance and participation
in any employee benefit plan of Mentor or any of its subsidiaries in which such
employees may be eligible to participate after the Effective Time.

     Stock Options.  At the Effective Time, each of the Company's stock plans
and each outstanding option to purchase Shares under such plans, whether vested
or unvested, will be assumed by Mentor. Each such option so assumed by Mentor
will continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in the
applicable stock plan and the applicable stock option agreement, immediately
prior to the Effective Time, except that (i) such option will be exercisable for
that number of whole shares of common stock of Mentor (the "Mentor Common
Stock") equal to the product of the number of Shares that were issuable upon
exercise of such option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by
the Option Exchange Ratio (as defined below) and rounded down to the nearest
whole number of shares of Mentor Common Stock, and (ii) the per share exercise
price for the shares of Mentor Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such
assumed option will be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the exercise
price per share of Common Stock at which such option was exercisable immediately
prior to the Effective Time by the Option Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the
nearest whole cent. The "Option Exchange Ratio" shall mean the quotient obtained
by dividing (i) Merger Consideration by (ii) the average last sale price per
share of the Mentor Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market as reported in The
Wall Street Journal (or, if either party disputes the accuracy of the prices
therein reported, another mutually agreeable authoritative source) for the ten
full trading-day period ending on the fifth full trading day prior to the
Closing Date.

     Within 15 business days after the Effective Time, Mentor will issue to each
person who, immediately prior to the Effective Time was a holder of an
outstanding option under the Company's stock plans a document evidencing the
foregoing assumption of such option by Mentor, and Mentor may prohibit option
exercises beginning at the Effective Time and ending upon the filing of a
registration statement on Form S-8

with respect to such options. Mentor has agreed to file that registration
statement no later than 15 business days after the Effective Time.

     The Merger Agreement provides that no later than immediately prior to the
Effective Time, each unvested share of restricted stock and each unvested stock
option held by any of the current executive officers of the Company shall become
vested and all repurchase rights of the company with respect thereto shall
lapse. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company's Board of Directors, or an
appropriate committee of non-employee directors thereof, shall adopt a
resolution consistent with the interpretive guidance of the SEC so that the
disposition by any officer or director of the Company who is a covered person of
the Company for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder ("Section 16") of Common Stock or options to acquire
Common Stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement and the Merger shall be an exempt
transaction for purposes of Section 16.

     Indemnity; Insurance.  The parties have agreed that the indemnification
obligations set forth in the Company's certificate of incorporation and the
Company's bylaws shall survive the Merger and shall not be amended, repealed or
otherwise modified for a period of six years after the Effective Time in any
manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of any individual who
on or prior to the Effective Time was a director, officer, trustee, fiduciary,
employee or agent of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or who served at the
request of the Company or any Company Subsidiary as a director, officer,
trustee, partner, fiduciary, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, pension or other employee benefit plan or
enterprise, unless such amendment or modification is required by law.

     For six years from the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will
provide to the Company's directors and officers (as of the date hereof and as of
the Effective Time) an insurance and indemnification policy that provides
coverage for events occurring prior to the Effective Time that is no less
favorable than the Company's existing policy or, if substantially equivalent
insurance coverage is unavailable, the best available coverage; provided,
however, that the Surviving Corporation shall not be required to pay an annual
premium for the director's and officer's insurance in excess of 250% of the last
annual premium paid prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, which premium the
Company represents and warrants to be approximately $415,000.

     Parent Agreement Concerning the Purchaser; Parent Guaranty.  Mentor has
agreed to cause the Purchaser to comply with its obligations under the Merger
Agreement. Mentor has unconditionally guaranteed the Purchaser's and the
Surviving Corporation's obligations under the Merger Agreement and has agreed to
be liable for any breach of the Merger Agreement by the Purchaser or the
Surviving Corporation.

     Additional Covenants.  The Merger Agreement contains the following
additional covenants of the parties:

     - Mentor and the Company have agreed to cooperate in the preparation and
       filing of tender offer and proxy filings in connection with the
       transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the seeking of any
       actions, consents, approvals or waivers of any governmental entities or
       third parties required to be obtained in connection with the transactions
       contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

     - the Company has agree to provide Mentor and Purchaser with reasonable
       access to the Company's books, records and facilities, and Mentor and
       Purchaser have agreed to treat any information derived from that access
       as confidential;

     - each of the parties have agreed to promptly notify the other parties of
       the occurrence or non-occurrence of events, including a failure to comply
       with any covenant, condition or agreement of the Merger Agreement, which
       would be likely to cause any of the conditions to any of the transactions
       contemplated by the Merger Agreement not to be satisfied; and

     - Mentor and the Company have agreed to consult with each other before
       issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statements with
       respect to the Merger and to not issue any such press release or make any
       such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be
       required by applicable law or any listing agreement with a stock market.

     Conditions to the Merger.  The respective obligations of each party to
consummate the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Effective Time of each of the following conditions:

          (i) the Merger Agreement and the Merger shall have been approved and
     adopted by the requisite vote of the stockholders of the Company, if
     required by applicable law;

          (ii) Mentor shall have purchased, or caused to be purchased, pursuant
     to the Offer all shares duly tendered and not withdrawn; provided, however,
     that Mentor shall not assert this condition if Mentor, in violation of the
     terms of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, fails to accept for payment or
     pay for Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer;

          (iii) the consummation of the Merger shall not be restrained, enjoined
     or prohibited by any order, judgment, decree, injunction or ruling (whether
     temporary, preliminary or permanent) of a court of competent jurisdiction
     or any other Governmental Entity and there shall not have been any statute,
     rule or regulation enacted, promulgated or deemed applicable to the Merger
     by any Governmental Entity which prevents the consummation of the Merger or
     has the effect of making the purchase of Shares illegal; and

          (iv) any applicable waiting periods, together with any extensions
     thereof, under the HSR Act and the antitrust or competition laws of any
     other applicable jurisdiction shall have expired or been terminated.

     Termination.  The Merger Agreement may be terminated, and the Merger may be
abandoned, at any time prior to the Effective Time by action taken or authorized
by the board of directors of the terminating party or parties, whether before or
after approval of the Merger by the stockholders of the Company:

          (i) by mutual written consent of Mentor and the Company, by action of
     their respective Boards of Directors;

          (ii) by the Company if (A) Mentor fails to commence the Offer by the
     date that is five business days from the date of the Merger Agreement or
     (B) Mentor shall not have accepted for payment and paid for Shares pursuant
     to the Offer in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof on or before
     December 23, 2002; provided, however, that the Company may not terminate
     the Merger Agreement if the Company shall have (1) failed to fulfill any
     obligation under the Merger Agreement, which failure has been the proximate
     cause of, or resulted in, the failure of any condition to the Offer to have
     been satisfied on or before such date, or (2) otherwise materially breached
     the Merger Agreement;

          (iii) by either the Company or Mentor if the Offer is terminated or
     withdrawn pursuant to its terms without any Shares being purchased
     thereunder; provided, however, that neither the Company nor Mentor may
     terminate the Merger Agreement if such party shall have materially breached
     the Merger Agreement;

          (iv) by either the Company or Mentor if any court of competent
     jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity shall have issued an order,
     decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently restraining,
     enjoining or otherwise prohibiting (A) the acceptance for payment of, or
     payment for, Shares pursuant to the Offer or (B) the Merger, and such
     order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and
     nonappealable (which order, decree, ruling or other action the party
     seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement shall have used its reasonable
     best efforts to resist, resolve or lift, as applicable);

          (v) by Mentor prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer,
     if (A) the Company Board shall have withdrawn or adversely modified
     (including by amendment to the Schedule 14D-9), or failed upon Mentor's
     request to reconfirm, its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the
     Merger or the Merger Agreement (or determined to do so); (B) the Company
     Board shall have determined to recommend to the Company's stockholders that
     they approve an Acquisition Proposal other than the Offer and the Merger or
     shall have determined to accept a Superior Proposal; or (C) a tender offer
     or exchange offer that, if successful, would result in any person or group
     becoming a beneficial owner of 15% or more of the outstanding Shares is
     commenced (other than by Mentor or an affiliate of Mentor) and

     the Company Board fails to recommend that the Company's stockholders not
     tender their Shares in such tender or exchange offer;

          (vi) by the Company, if the Company Board determines to accept a
     Superior Proposal, but only after the Company (A) provides Mentor with not
     less than five business days' notice of its determination to accept such
     Superior Proposal, including all terms thereof (after giving effect to all
     of the concessions which may be offered by Mentor pursuant to clause (B)
     below), (B) within the not less than five business day period referred, the
     Company has and has caused its financial and legal advisors to, negotiate
     with Mentor to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of the
     Merger Agreement with the goal of enabling the Company to proceed with the
     transactions contemplated hereby, and (C) pays to Mentor an amount up to
     $7,342,500 (provided that the Company's right to terminate the Merger
     Agreement shall not be available if the Company is then in breach of the
     nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement); or

          (vii) by Mentor, prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the
     Offer, if the Minimum Condition shall not have been satisfied by the
     Expiration Date of the Offer and on or prior to such Expiration Date the
     Company shall have received an Acquisition Proposal (other than from
     Mentor).

     Termination Fee and Expenses.  If the Merger Agreement is terminated (A)
pursuant to (v) or (vi) above, (B) pursuant to (vii) above and the Company
either enters into a definitive agreement relating to or consummates such
Acquisition Proposal (with, for purposes of this provision, all of the
references to 15% changed to "at least 50%" in the definition of "Acquisition
Proposal") within 12 months of such termination, or (C) by Mentor pursuant to
(iii) above by reason of a failure of certain conditions to the Offer and the
Company either enters into a definitive agreement relating to or consummates an
Acquisition Proposal (with, for purposes of this provision, all of the
references to 15% changed to "at least 50%" in the definition of "Acquisition
Proposal") within 12 months of such termination, then, in any such case, the
Company shall pay to Mentor an amount equal to the sum of Mentor's Expenses up
to an amount equal to $7,342,500.

     In addition to any payment of Expenses described above, (A) in the event
that the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to (v) or (vi), then the
Company shall pay to Mentor a termination fee of $7,342,500 less any Expenses
paid by the Company; and (B) in the event that the Merger Agreement is
terminated pursuant to (vii) above and the Company either enters into a
definitive agreement relating to or consummates such Acquisition Proposal (with,
for purposes of this provision, all of the references to 15% changed to "at
least 50%" in the definition of "Acquisition Proposal") within 12 months of such
termination, then the Company shall pay Mentor a termination fee of $7,342,500
less any Expenses paid by the Company.

  THE TENDER AGREEMENTS

     Mentor has entered into a separate Tender Agreement with each of the
Significant Stockholders. The Significant Stockholders own an aggregate of
16,281,333 Shares, of which 15,633,687 Shares (representing approximately 39% of
the outstanding Shares or 32% of the Shares on a fully diluted basis) are
subject to the Tender Agreements (the "Subject Shares"). Pursuant to the Tender
Agreements, each Significant Stockholder has agreed to tender and sell all
Subject Shares owned by it to Mentor pursuant to and in accordance with the
terms of the Offer.

     During the term of the Tender Agreements, no Significant Stockholder shall
(A) sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of or enter
into any contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to
the transfer by such Stockholder of, any of the Subject Shares or offer any
interest in any Subject Shares thereof to any person other than pursuant to the
terms of the Offer, the Merger or the Tender Agreements, (B) enter into any
voting arrangement or understanding, whether by proxy, power of attorney, voting
agreement, voting trust or otherwise with respect to the Subject Shares, or (C)
take any action that would make any representation or warranty of such
Significant Stockholder contained in its respective Tender Agreement untrue or
incorrect in any material respect or have the effect of preventing or disabling
such Significant Stockholder from performing its obligations under its
respective Tender Agreement.

     Under each Tender Agreement, the Significant Stockholder has granted to
Mentor an irrevocable option to purchase from time to time the Subject Shares
owned by the Significant Stockholder, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Tender Agreement. The Option may be exercised by
Mentor in whole or from time to time in part, at any time following the
occurrence of a Triggering Event (as defined below) and prior to the termination
of the Option on the earlier of 45 days after the date the Merger Agreement is
terminated in accordance with its terms or the Effective Time. Mentor's right to
exercise the Option is subject to the following conditions:

          (i) Neither Mentor Graphics nor Purchaser shall have breached any of
     its material obligations under the Merger Agreement;

          (ii) No preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by
     any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction in the United States
     invalidating the grant or prohibiting the exercise of the Option or the
     delivery of the Optioned Shares shall be in effect;

          (iii) All applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act shall have
     expired or been terminated; and

          (iv) One or more of the following events (each, a "Triggering Event")
     shall have occurred on or after April 23, 2002:

             (A) the Company Board shall have withdrawn or adversely modified
        (including by amendment to the Schedule 14D-9), or failed upon Mentor's
        request to reconfirm, its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the
        Merger or the Merger Agreement (or determined to do so);

             (B) the Company Board shall have determined to recommend to the
        Company's stockholders that they approve an Acquisition Proposal other
        than the Offer and the Merger or shall have determined to accept a
        Superior Proposal;

             (C) a tender offer or exchange offer that, if successful, would
        result in any person or group becoming a beneficial owner of 15% or more
        of the outstanding Shares is commenced (other than by Mentor or an
        affiliate of Mentor); or

             (D) there is a public announcement with respect to a plan or
        intention by the Company, other than with respect to Mentor or its
        affiliates, to effect any of the foregoing transactions.

     During the term of the Tender Agreements, the Significant Stockholders have
agreed not to and have agreed not to authorize, permit or cause any of their
respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives and advisors
to directly or indirectly (A) solicit, initiate, encourage (including by way of
furnishing non-public information) or facilitate any Acquisition Proposal or (B)
participate in any way in discussions or negotiations with, or furnish any
information to, any person in connection with, or take any other action to
facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or
could reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal, or otherwise
cooperate in any way with, or participate in or assist, facilitate or encourage
any effort or attempt by any other person to do or seek any of the foregoing.
Each Significant Stockholder has agreed to promptly communicate to Mentor, to
the same extent as required by the Company pursuant to, and subject to the same
conditions contained in, the Merger Agreement, the terms and other information
concerning, any proposal, discussion, negotiation or inquiry and the identity of
the party making such proposal or inquiry which such Significant Stockholder may
receive in respect of any such Acquisition Proposal.

     During the term of the Tender Agreements, William Herman, Richard Lucier,
Kevin O'Brien, Peter Johnson, Kyoden Company Limited, DLJ Capital Corporation
and DLJ ESC II, L.P. (such Significant Stockholders owning in the aggregate
approximately 38.8% of the outstanding Shares) have agreed to vote each of their
respective Shares at any meeting of the stockholders of the Company, however
called, (A) in favor of the Merger and the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, and (B) against any action or agreement (other than the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement) that
would impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or attempt to discourage the
Merger, the Offer

or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the Tender
Agreement, including, but not limited to:

          (i) any Acquisition Proposal;

          (ii) any action that is reasonably likely to result in a breach in any
     respect of any representation, warranty, covenant or any other obligation
     or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement or result in any of
     the conditions of the Offer not being fulfilled;

          (iii) any extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger,
     consolidation or other business combination involving the Company or its
     subsidiaries;

          (iv) a sale, lease or transfer of a material amount of assets of the
     Company and its subsidiaries or a reorganization, recapitalization,
     dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Company and its subsidiaries;

          (v) any change in the management or Company Board, except as otherwise
     agreed to in writing by Mentor;

          (vi) any material change in the present capitalization or dividend
     policy of the Company; and

          (vii) any other material change in the Company's corporate structure,
     business, certificate of incorporation or bylaws that is not agreed to by
     Mentor in the exercise of Mentor's discretion.

These Significant Stockholders also irrevocably granted and appointed certain
officers of Mentor their proxy and attorney-in-fact to vote their respective
Subject Shares in favor of the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, and against any Acquisition Proposal.

     Each Tender Agreement terminates on the earlier of (A) 45 days after the
date on which the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms
(except in certain situations upon which the Tender Agreements will terminate
immediately upon termination of the Merger Agreement), and (B) the Effective
Time. The voting obligations of the Significant Stockholders terminate in the
event of the termination of the Merger Agreement, if and only if the Company
gives Mentor notice of a record date for a vote on an Acquisition Proposal,
other than the Merger Agreement at least 13 business days prior the date of such
record date.

  NON-COMPETE AGREEMENTS

     Prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement, Mentor and the Company
entered into non-compete agreements with the Company's chairman and chief
executive officer and the Company's president (each, a "Principal"). Under the
non-compete agreements, each Principal has agreed that for a period of 18 months
from the later to occur of the Effective Time or the date of termination or
expiration of his employment with the Company (the "Non-Competition Period"), he
will not, unless acting with Mentor's prior written consent, directly or
indirectly, own, manage, join, operate or control, or participate in the
ownership, management, operation or control of, or be engaged as a director,
officer, employer, employee, partner, consultant or independent contractor with,
or permit his name to be used by or in connection with, any business or
organization which directly or indirectly competes with the Mentor's business or
the Company's business in each and every state in the United States and every
country in the world in which Mentor and the Company conduct business.

     In addition, each Principal has agreed that during the Non-Competition
Period, he will not hire, as director, officer, employer, employee, partner,
consultant, independent contractor or otherwise, any person who during the term
of his employment by the Company or Mentor was employed by Mentor, Purchaser or
the Company or any affiliate thereof, except for any person involuntarily
terminated by the Company, Mentor, or Purchaser or any person who has not been
in such employment within nine months from the date of the proposed hire by such
Principal.

  EXCLUSIVITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

     The Exclusivity and Confidentiality Agreement, dated March 25, 2002,
contains customary provisions pursuant to which, among other matters, Mentor and
the Company agreed to keep confidential all confidential information concerning
the Company or Mentor, respectively, furnished to each party by the other, to
use such material solely in connection with evaluating or consummating an
acquisition of the Company by Mentor, and, except with the prior written consent
of the other party, not to disclose the fact that discussions or negotiations
have or are taking place concerning a possible transaction involving the Company
or the status thereof.

     In consideration of the substantial investment of time and resources that
Mentor made in order to evaluate and consummate an acquisition of the Company by
Mentor, the Company agreed that, from the date of the Exclusivity and
Confidentiality Agreement until the earlier of (a) 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time on
April 15, 2002 (subsequently extended through April 23, 2002), (b) the date that
the definitive Merger Agreement is fully executed and becomes effective, or (c)
the date on which Mentor shall deliver notice in writing to the Company that the
exclusivity provisions of the Exclusivity and Confidentiality Agreement are
terminated, neither the Company nor any of its officers, employees, directors,
affiliates or other representatives would, directly or indirectly,

          (i) solicit, encourage, initiate, entertain, substantively review or
     participate in any negotiations or discussions with respect to any offer or
     proposal (formal or informal, oral, written or otherwise) to acquire all or
     any material part of the Company, whether by purchase of assets, exclusive
     license, joint venture formation, purchase of stock, business combination
     or otherwise;

          (ii) disclose any information not customarily disclosed to any person
     concerning the Company and which the Company believes would be used for the
     purposes of formulating any such an offer or proposal;

          (iii) assist, cooperate with, facilitate or encourage any person to
     make any offer or proposal to acquire all or any material part of the
     Company (directly or indirectly);

          (iv) agree to, enter into a contract regarding, approve, recommend or
     endorse any transaction involving the acquisition of all or any material
     part of the Company; or

          (v) authorize or permit any of the Company's officers, employees,
     directors, affiliates or other representatives to take any such action;

provided, however, that the Company could engage in discussions and negotiations
with respect to the sale of all or any portion of the Company's SLD business or
products and/or the conduct of its business in the ordinary course, including
but not limited to the licensing of its products to end users and resellers. The
Company agreed to cease and cause to be terminated all existing discussions or
negotiations with any parties, other than Mentor, conducted prior to the date of
the Exclusivity and Confidentiality Agreement with respect to any competing
proposed transaction and that, subject to the exceptions above, it would not
engage in any material transaction involving the transfer or licensing of any
intellectual property to a third party or the issuance or exchange of the
Company's equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities
(other than routine awards of stock options and restricted stock under the
Company's existing stock plans and exercises of such awards) or any material
financing transaction without Mentor's advance written consent.

     13. Purpose and Structure of the Offer; Plans for the Company; Appraisal
         Rights.

     Purpose of the Offer.  The purpose of the Offer is to acquire control of,
and ultimately the entire equity interest in, the Company. The Offer, as the
first step in the acquisition of the Company, is intended to facilitate the
acquisition of the Company. The purpose of the Merger is to acquire all
outstanding Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer. If the Offer is
successful, Mentor intends to consummate the Merger as promptly as practicable.
If Mentor owns 90% or more of the outstanding Shares, following consummation of
the Offer, whether through purchases pursuant to the Offer or otherwise or a
combination of purchases and the Top-Up Option, Mentor intends to consummate the
Merger as a "short-form" merger pursuant to Section 253 of the DGCL. Under such
circumstances, neither the approval of any holder of Shares nor the Company
Board would be required.

     If, following the consummation of the Offer, Mentor owns less than 90% of
the outstanding Shares, the Company Board will be required to submit the Merger
to the Company's stockholders for approval at a stockholders' meeting convened
for that purpose in accordance with Delaware law. If the Minimum Condition is
satisfied, Mentor will, upon consummation of the Offer, have sufficient voting
power to ensure approval of the Merger at the stockholders' meeting without the
affirmative vote of any other stockholder.

     Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Mentor Graphics.

     The Offer does not constitute a solicitation of proxies for any meeting of
the Company's stockholders. Any such solicitation which Mentor might make would
be made only pursuant to separate proxy materials complying with the
requirements of the Exchange Act.

     Section 203 of the DGCL.  Section 203 of the DGCL prevents certain
"business combinations" with an "interested stockholder" (generally, any person
who owns or has the right to acquire 15% or more of a corporation's outstanding
voting stock) for a period of three years following the time such person became
an interested stockholder unless, among other things, prior to the time the
interested stockholder became such, the board of directors of the corporation
approved either the business combination or the transaction in which the
interested stockholder became such. The Company's Board of Directors has
approved the Offer, the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the Tender Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby for the purposes of Section 203 of the
DGCL. See "The Offer -- Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory Approvals."

     Plans for the Company.  Mentor believes that its acquisition of the Company
will broaden Mentor's position in both the PCB systems and wire harness design
markets through the integration of the Company's complementary solutions with
Mentor's.

     Mentor is studying how the Company's business will be integrated into
Mentor's systems design business. Mentor is in the process of evaluating the
business and operations of the Company and after the consummation of the Offer
and the Merger will take such actions as it deems appropriate under the
circumstances. Except as described above or elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase,
Mentor has no present plans or proposals that would relate to or result in an
extraordinary corporate transaction involving the Company or any of its
subsidiaries (such as a merger, reorganization, liquidation, relocation of any
operations or sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets), any change
in the Company Board or management or any material change in the Company's
capitalization or dividend policy.

     Appraisal Rights.  Appraisal rights are not available in the Offer. If the
Merger is consummated, however, holders of Shares at the effective time of the
Merger who do not vote in favor of, or consent to, the Merger will have rights
under Section 262 of the DGCL to demand appraisal of their Shares. Under Section
262, stockholders who demand appraisal and comply with the applicable statutory
procedures will be entitled to receive a judicial determination of the fair
value of their Shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, and to receive payment of that fair
value in cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any. Any such judicial
determination of the fair value of Shares could be based upon factors other
than, or in addition to, the price per Share to be paid in the Merger or the
market value of the Shares. The value so determined could be more or less than
the price per Share to be paid in the Merger.

     The foregoing summary of Section 262 does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262 attached hereto as
Schedule II. Failure to follow the steps that Section 262 requires for
perfecting appraisal rights may result in the loss of those rights.

     14.  Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Nasdaq Listing;
Registration under the Exchange Act.  The purchase of Shares by us pursuant to
the Offer will reduce the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly
and may reduce the number of holders of Shares, which could adversely affect the
liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares held by the public.

     Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer and the
aggregate market value of any Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer, the
Shares may no longer meet the standards for continued listing on the Nasdaq
National Market and may be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market. The
published

guidelines of the Nasdaq National Market indicate that the Nasdaq National
Market would consider delisting the Shares if, among other things, either (1)
the number of round lot holders of Shares should fall below 400, the number of
publicly held Shares should fall below 750,000, the aggregate market value of
the publicly held Shares should fall below $5,000,000, the minimum bid price for
Shares should fall below $1 per Share, the stockholders' equity in the Company
should fall below $10,000,000, and there should be less than two registered and
active market makers providing quotations for the Shares, or, alternatively, (2)
the market capitalization of the Company (or the Company's total assets and
total revenue for the last completed fiscal year, respectively) should fall
below $50,000,000, the number of round lot holders of Shares should fall below
400, the number of publicly held Shares should fall below 1,100,000, the
aggregate market value of the publicly held Shares should fall below
$15,000,000, the minimum bid price for Shares should fall below $3 per Share and
there should be less than four registered and active market makers providing
quotations for the Shares.

     To the extent the Shares are delisted from the Nasdaq National Market, the
market for the Shares could be adversely affected. If the Nasdaq National Market
were to delist the Shares, it is possible that the Shares would continue to
trade in the over-the-counter market and that price quotations for the Shares
would be reported by other sources. The extent of the public market for the
Shares and the availability of such quotations would, however, depend on the
number of holders of Shares remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining
a market in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination
of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act (as described below) and
other factors. Mentor cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of
Shares that might otherwise trade publicly, if any, effected by the Offer would
have an adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for or marketability of
the Shares or whether it would cause future market prices to be greater or less
than the price per Share to be paid in the Merger.

     The Shares are currently "margin securities," as such term is defined under
the rules of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal
Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers
to extend credit on the collateral of such securities. Depending upon factors
similar to those described above regarding listing and market quotations,
following the Offer it is possible that the Shares might no longer constitute
"margin securities" for purposes of the margin regulations of the Federal
Reserve Board, in which event such Shares could no longer be used as collateral
for loans made by brokers.

     The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such
registration may be terminated upon application by the Company to the SEC if the
Shares are no longer authorized for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market and
there are fewer than 300 record holders. The termination of the registration of
the Shares under the Exchange Act would substantially reduce the information
required to be furnished by the Company to holders of Shares and to the SEC and
would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing
profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b), the requirement of furnishing a
proxy statement in connection with stockholders' meetings and the requirements
of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to "going private"
transactions, no longer applicable to the Shares. In addition, "affiliates" of
the Company and persons holding "restricted securities" of the Company may be
deprived of the ability to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 under
the Securities Act. If registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act were
terminated, the Shares would no longer be "margin securities" or be eligible for
reporting on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation
System. We presently intend to seek to cause the Company to terminate the
registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act as soon as possible after the
consummation of the Offer and the Merger as the requirements for termination of
registration are met.

     15.  Dividends and Distributions.  If on or after the date of this Offer to
Purchase, the Company should split, combine or otherwise change the Shares or
its capitalization, acquire or otherwise cause a reduction in the number of
outstanding Shares or issue or sell any additional Shares (other than Shares
issued pursuant to and in accordance with the terms in effect on April 23, 2002
upon exercise of employee stock options outstanding prior to such date), shares
of any other class or series of capital stock, other voting securities or any
securities convertible into, or options, rights, or warrants, conditional or
otherwise, to acquire, any of the foregoing, then, without prejudice to our
rights under "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer," we may, in our

reasonable discretion, make such adjustments in the purchase price and other
terms of the Offer as we deem appropriate including the number or type of
securities to be purchased.

16.  Conditions to the Offer.

     Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Offer, Mentor shall not be
required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and
regulations of the SEC including Rule 14e-1(c) promulgated under the Exchange
Act, pay for any tendered Shares, and may terminate or, subject to the terms of
the Merger Agreement, amend the Offer, unless (i) there shall have been validly
tendered and not validly withdrawn immediately prior to the Expiration Date that
number of Shares which represents at least a majority of the total number of
outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis on the date of purchase (the
"Minimum Condition") and (ii) any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act or
under any applicable foreign statutes or regulations shall have expired or been
terminated prior to the Expiration Date. In addition, notwithstanding any other
term of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, Mentor shall not be required to
accept for payment or, subject as aforesaid, pay for any tendered Shares, and
may terminate or, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, amend the Offer,
at any time on or after the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to the time
of acceptance for payment or payment for any Shares, if any of the following
events shall occur and be continuing and such event shall not have been
proximately caused by the breach of Mentor of any of its obligations under the
Merger Agreement:

          (A) there shall be any action taken, or any statute, rule, regulation,
     legislation, interpretation, judgment, order or injunction enacted,
     enforced, promulgated, amended, issued or deemed applicable to the Offer,
     by any legislative body, court, government or governmental, administrative
     or regulatory authority or agency, domestic or foreign, other than the
     application of the waiting period provisions of the HSR Act to the Offer or
     the Merger, that, in the reasonable judgment of Mentor, would be expected
     to, directly or indirectly:

             (i) make illegal or otherwise prohibit or materially delay
        consummation of the Offer or the Merger or seek to obtain material
        damages or make materially more costly the making of the Offer;

             (ii) prohibit or materially limit the ownership or operation by
        Mentor of all or any material portion of the business or assets of the
        Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole or compel Mentor
        to dispose of or hold separate all or any material portion of the
        business or assets of Mentor, or of the Company and the Company
        Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or seek to impose any material limitation
        on the ability of Mentor to conduct its business or own such assets;

             (iii) impose material limitations on the ability of Mentor
        effectively to acquire, hold or exercise full rights of ownership of the
        Shares, including without limitation the right to vote any Shares
        acquired or owned by Mentor on all matters properly presented to the
        Company's stockholders;

             (iv) require divestiture by Mentor of any Shares;

             (v) result in a material diminution of the value of the Shares or
        the benefits expected to be derived by Mentor as a result of the Offer
        or the Merger Agreement;

             (vi) restrains or prohibits or seeks to restrain or prohibit the
        performance of any of the contracts or other arrangements entered into
        by Mentor or any of its affiliates in connection with the acquisition of
        the Company or obtains or seeks to obtain any material damages or
        otherwise directly or indirectly adversely affects to the Offer in any
        material respect; or

             (vii) result in a Company Material Adverse Effect; or

          (B) there shall be instituted or pending any action or proceeding by
     any Governmental Entity seeking, or that would reasonably be expected to
     result in, any of the consequences referred to in clauses (i) through (vii)
     of paragraph (A) above or by any third party for which there is a
     substantial likelihood of resulting in any of the consequences referred to
     in clauses (i) through (vii) of paragraph (A) above; or

          (C) any development or change shall have occurred in the business,
     assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of
     operations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary that has had, or could
     reasonably be expected to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect; or

          (D) (i) the Company Board shall have withdrawn or adversely modified
     (including by amendment to the Schedule 14D-9), or failed promptly upon
     Mentor's request to reconfirm, its approval or recommendation of the Offer,
     the Merger or the Merger Agreement;

          (ii) the Company Board shall have decided to recommend to the
     Company's stockholders that they approve an Acquisition Proposal other than
     the Offer and the Merger or shall have decided to accept a Superior
     Proposal;

          (iii) a tender offer or exchange offer that, if successful, would
     result in any person or group becoming a beneficial owner of 15% or more of
     the outstanding Shares is commenced (other than by Mentor or an affiliate
     of Mentor) and the Company Board fails to recommend that the Company's
     stockholders not tender their Shares in such tender or exchange offer; or

          (iv) any person (other than Mentor or an affiliate of Mentor) or group
     becomes the beneficial owner of 15% or more of the outstanding Shares; or

          (E) the Company and Mentor shall have reached an agreement that the
     Offer or the Merger Agreement be terminated, or the Merger Agreement shall
     have been terminated in accordance with its terms; or

          (F) (i) any of the representations and warranties of the Company
     contained in the Merger Agreement that are qualified by reference to a
     Company Material Adverse Effect shall not be true when made or at any time
     prior to the consummation of the Offer as if made at and as of such time
     (except for representations and warranties which speak as of a particular
     date, shall not be true as of such particular date); or

          (ii) any of the representations and warranties of the Company
     contained in the Merger Agreement that are not so qualified shall not be
     true in all material respects when made or at any time prior to the
     consummation of the Offer as if made at and as of such time (except for
     representations and warranties which speak as of a particular date, shall
     not be true as of such particular date); or

          (G) the Company shall have failed to perform in any material respect
     or to comply in any material respect with any of its material obligations,
     covenants or agreements under the Merger Agreement or any Ancillary
     Agreement; or

          (H) there shall have occurred, and continued to exist,

             (i) any general suspension of, or limitation on prices for, trading
        in securities on the New York Stock Exchange or on the over-the-counter
        stock market, as reported by the National Association of Securities
        Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotations System;

             (ii) any decline of at least 25% in either the Dow Jones Average of
        Industrial Stocks, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index or the Nasdaq
        National Market from the close of business on the last trading day
        immediately preceding the date of the Merger Agreement through the
        Expiration Date;

             (iii) a commencement of a war, armed hostilities, acts of terrorism
        or other national or international crisis involving the United States
        or, in the case of any of the foregoing existing on the date of the
        Merger Agreement, a material acceleration or worsening thereof, in each
        case that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
        on the Company, Mentor or the consummation of the Offer; or

             (iv) a declaration of a banking moratorium or any suspension of
        payments in respect of banks in the United States or a material
        limitation (whether or not mandatory) by any Governmental Entity on the
        extension of credit by banks or other lending institutions; or

          (I) (i) any required approval, permit, authorization or consent, with
     respect to the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or the Company's business,
     of any other person or entity shall not have been obtained the lack of
     which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be
     expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or (ii) any required
     material approval, permit, authorization or consent of any Governmental
     Entity or any other person or entity, shall not have been obtained on terms
     satisfactory to Mentor in its reasonable discretion.

     The foregoing conditions (including those set forth in clauses (i) and (ii)
of the initial paragraph) are for the benefit of Mentor and may be asserted by
Mentor regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such conditions and
(except for the Minimum Condition) may be waived by Mentor in whole or in part
at any time and from time to time in its reasonable discretion, in each case
subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement. The failure by Mentor at any time
to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such
right and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted
at any time and from time to time.

     17.  Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory Approvals.

     General.  We are not aware of any governmental license or regulatory permit
that appears to be material to the Company's business that might be adversely
affected by our acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer or, except as set
forth below, of any approval or other action by any government or governmental
administrative or regulatory authority or agency, domestic or foreign, that
would be required for our acquisition or ownership of Shares pursuant to the
Offer. Should any such approval or other action be required, we currently
contemplate that such approval or other action would be sought. However, we do
not intend to delay the purchase of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer
pending the outcome of any action or the receipt of any such approval. There can
be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be
obtained (with or without substantial conditions) or that if such approvals were
not obtained or such other actions were not taken adverse consequences might not
result to the Company's business or certain parts of the Company's business
might not have to be disposed of, any of which could cause us to elect to
terminate the Offer without the purchase of Shares thereunder. Our obligation
under the Offer to accept for payment and pay for Shares is subject to certain
conditions. See "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer."

     State Takeover Laws.  Section 203 of the DGCL, in general, prohibits a
Delaware corporation such as the Company from engaging in a "Business
Combination" (defined as a variety of transactions, including mergers) with an
"Interested Stockholder" (defined generally as a person that is the beneficial
owner of 15% or more of a corporation's outstanding voting stock) for a period
of three years following the time that such person became an interested
stockholder unless: (a) prior to the time such person became an interested
stockholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the
business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder; (b) upon consummation of the transaction
that resulted in the stockholder becoming an Interested Stockholder, the
Interested Stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation
outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding stock held by
directors who are also officers of the corporation and employee stock ownership
plans that do not provide employees with the right to determine confidentially
whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange
offer; or (c) on or subsequent to the date such person became an Interested
Stockholder, the Business Combination is approved by the board of directors of
the corporation and authorized at a meeting of stockholders, and not by written
consent, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a least 66 2/3% of the
outstanding voting stock of the corporation not owned by the Interested
Stockholder.

     The Company Board has approved the Merger Agreement, the Offer, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement for purposes of
Section 203 of the DGCL.

     The foregoing description of Section 203 does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of Section 203.

     The Company is incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and its
operations are conducted throughout the United States. A number of states have
adopted takeover laws and regulations that purport to

be applicable to attempts to acquire securities of corporations that are
incorporated in those states or that have substantial assets, stockholders,
principal executive offices or principal places of business in those states. To
the extent that these state takeover statutes purport to apply to the Offer or
the Merger, we believe that those laws conflict with U.S. federal law and are an
unconstitutional burden on interstate commerce. In 1982, the Supreme Court of
the United States, in Edgar v. MITE Corporation, invalidated on constitutional
grounds the Illinois Business Takeover Statute, which, as a matter of state
securities law, made takeover of corporations meeting certain requirements more
difficult. The reasoning in that decision is likely to apply to certain other
state takeover statutes. In 1987, however, in CTS Corporation v. Dynamics
Corporation of America, the Supreme Court of the United States held that the
State of Indiana could as a matter of corporate law and, in particular, those
aspects of corporate law concerning corporate governance, constitutionally
disqualify a potential acquiror from voting on the affairs of a target
corporation without the prior approval of the remaining stockholders, as long as
those laws were applicable only under certain conditions. Subsequently, in TLX
Acquisition Corporation v. Telex Corporation, a federal district court in
Oklahoma ruled that the Oklahoma statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they
apply to corporations incorporated outside Oklahoma, because they would subject
those corporations to inconsistent regulations. Similarly, in Tyson Foods, Inc.
v. McReynolds, a federal district court in Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee
takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated
outside Tennessee. This decision was affirmed by the United State Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In December 1988, a federal district court in
Florida held, in Grand Metropolitan PLC v. Butterworth, that the provisions of
the Florida Affiliated Transactions Act and Florida Control Share Acquisition
Act were unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside of
Florida.

     Except as described herein, we have not attempted to comply with any state
takeover statutes in connection with this Offer or the Merger. We reserve the
right to challenge the validity or applicability of any state law allegedly
applicable to the Offer or the Merger, and nothing in this Offer to Purchase nor
any action that we take in connection with the Offer is intended as a waiver of
that right. In the event that it is asserted that one or more takeover statutes
apply to the Offer or the Merger, and it is not determined by an appropriate
court that the statutes in question do not apply or are invalid as applied to
the Offer or the Merger, as applicable, we may be required to file certain
documents with, or receive approvals from, the relevant state authorities, and
we might be unable to accept for payment or purchase Shares tendered in the
Offer or be delayed in continuing or consummating the Offer. In that case, we
may not be obligated to accept for purchase, or pay for, any Shares tendered.
See "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer."

     Antitrust.  Under the Hart-Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended (the "HSR Act"), and the rules that have been promulgated thereunder
by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition transactions
may not be consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and
the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. The
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer is subject to such requirements.

     Pursuant to the requirements of the HSR Act, each of Mentor and the Company
intends to file a Notification and Report Form with respect to the Offer and the
Merger with the Antitrust Division and the FTC on or about May 1, 2002. As a
result, we anticipate that the waiting period applicable to the purchase of
Shares pursuant to the Offer is scheduled to expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City
time, on or about Thursday, May 16, 2002. However, prior to such time, the
Antitrust Division or the FTC may extend the waiting period by formally
requesting additional information or documentary material relevant to the Offer
from us. If such a request is made, the waiting period will be extended until
11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the tenth day after our substantial
compliance with such request. Thereafter, the Antitrust Division or the FTC may
defer the consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby
only by court order. A request will be made pursuant to the HSR Act for early
termination of the waiting period applicable to the Offer. There can be no
assurance, however, that the HSR Act waiting period will be terminated early.

     Shares will not be accepted for payment or paid for pursuant to the Offer
until the expiration or earlier termination of the applicable waiting period
under the HSR Act. See "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer." Subject to
certain circumstances described in "The Offer -- Extension of Tender Period;
Termination;

Amendment," any extension of the waiting period will not give rise to any
withdrawal rights not otherwise provided for by applicable law. If our
acquisition of Shares is delayed pursuant to a request by the Antitrust Division
or the FTC for additional information or documentary material pursuant to the
HSR Act, the Offer may be extended.

     The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as Mentor's acquisition of Shares
pursuant to the Offer. At any time before or after the consummation of any such
transactions, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the
antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest,
including seeking to enjoin the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or
seeking divestiture of the Shares so acquired or divestiture of Mentor's or the
Company's substantial assets. Private parties (including individual states) may
also bring legal actions under the antitrust laws. Mentor does not believe that
the consummation of the Offer will result in a violation of any applicable
antitrust laws. However, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer
on antitrust grounds will not be made, or if such a challenge is made, what the
result will be. See "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" for certain
conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to litigation and
certain governmental actions.

     The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
29, 2001 indicates that the Company and certain of its subsidiaries conduct
business in foreign countries where regulatory filings or approvals under
antitrust and other laws may be required or desirable in connection with the
consummation of the Offer and the Merger. Certain of such filings for approvals,
if required or desirable, may not be made or obtained prior to the expiration of
the Offer. After commencement of the Offer, Mentor will seek further information
regarding the applicability of any such laws and currently intend to take such
action as may be required or desirable. If any government or governmental
authority or agency takes any action prior to the completion of the Offer that,
in the sole judgment of Mentor, might have certain adverse effects, Mentor will
not be obligated to accept for payment or pay for any Shares tendered.

     Appraisal Rights.  Holders of Shares do not have appraisal rights as a
result of the Offer. However, if the Merger is consummated, holders of Shares
will have certain rights pursuant to the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL
to dissent and demand appraisal of their Shares in connection with the Merger.
Under Section 262, dissenting stockholders who comply with the applicable
statutory procedures will be entitled to receive a judicial determination of the
fair value of their Shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, and to receive payment of such fair
value in cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any. Any such judicial
determination of the fair value of the Shares could be based upon factors other
than, or in addition to, the price per Share to be paid in the Merger or the
market value of the Shares. The value so determined could be more or less than
the price per Share to be paid in the Merger. The foregoing summary of Section
262 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to Section 262 attached hereto as Schedule II.

     Delaware Law.  The Merger also would need to comply with other applicable
procedural and substantive requirements of Delaware law. Several decisions by
Delaware courts have held that, in certain circumstances, a controlling
stockholder of a corporation involved in a merger has a fiduciary duty to the
other stockholders that requires the merger to be fair to such other
stockholders. In determining whether a merger is fair to minority stockholders,
Delaware courts have considered, among other things, the type and amount of
consideration to be received by the stockholders and whether there were fair
dealings among the parties.

     Foreign Laws.  According to publicly available information, the Company
also leases property and conducts businesses in a number of other jurisdictions.
In connection with the acquisition of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the laws
of Germany and other foreign countries and jurisdictions may require the filing
of information with, or the obtaining of the approval of, governmental
authorities in such countries and jurisdictions. In addition, the waiting period
prior to consummation of the Offer associated with such filings or approvals may
extend beyond the scheduled Expiration Date. The governments in such countries
and jurisdictions might attempt to impose additional conditions on the Company's
operations conducted in such countries and jurisdictions as a result of the
acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger.

     18.  Fees and Expenses.  Mentor has retained Needham & Company, Inc. to act
as its financial advisor, MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to act as the Information
Agent and Wilmington Trust Company to act as the Depositary in connection with
the Offer. The Information Agent may contact holders of Shares by mail,
telephone, telex, telegraph and personal interviews and may request brokers,
dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees to forward materials relating
to the Offer to beneficial owners. The Information Agent and the Depositary each
will receive customary compensation for their respective services, will be
reimbursed for certain reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will be indemnified
against certain liabilities in connection therewith, including certain
liabilities under the federal securities laws.

     We will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or any
other person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Brokers,
dealers, commercial banks and trust companies will, upon request, be reimbursed
by us for reasonable and necessary costs and expenses incurred by them in
forwarding materials to their customers.

     19.  Miscellaneous.  The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be
accepted from or on behalf of, holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which
the making of the Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with
the laws of such jurisdiction. However, we will make a good faith effort to take
such action as we may deem necessary to make the Offer in any such jurisdiction
and extend the Offer to holders of Shares in such jurisdiction.

     No person has been authorized to give any information or make any
representation on behalf of Mentor Graphics or Purchaser not contained in this
Offer to Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal and, if given or made, such
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized.

     We have filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO,
together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act, furnishing certain additional information
with respect to the Offer. The Schedule TO and any amendments thereto, including
exhibits, may be examined and copies may be obtained from the offices of the SEC
in the manner set forth in "The Offer -- Certain Information Concerning the
Company -- Available Information" of this Offer to Purchase.

                                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

                                          INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION

April 30, 2002

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

       DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF MENTOR GRAPHICS AND PURCHASER

     The name, current principal occupation or employment and material
occupations, positions, offices or employment for the past five years, of each
director and executive officer of Mentor Graphics are set forth below.
References herein to "Mentor Graphics" mean Mentor Graphics Corporation. Unless
otherwise indicated below, the business address of each director and officer is
c/o Mentor Graphics Corporation, 8005 S.W. Boeckman Road, Wilsonville, Oregon
97070-7777. Where no date is shown, the individual has occupied the position
indicated for the past five years. Unless otherwise indicated, each occupation
set forth opposite an individual's name refers to employment with Mentor
Graphics. Except as described herein, none of the directors and officers of
Mentor Graphics listed below has, during the past five years, (1) been convicted
in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors)
or (2) been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding that resulted
in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations
of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a
finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws. All directors and
officers listed below are citizens of the United States.

                                                             PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AND
NAME                                  TITLE                    FIVE YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ----                                  -----                  --------------------------------

Walden C. Rhines        Chairman of the Board and Chief     Dr. Rhines has served as Chairman
                        Executive Officer                   of the Board and Chief Executive
                                                            Officer of Mentor Graphics since
                                                            2000. From 1993 to 2000 he was
                                                            Director, Chief Executive Officer
                                                            and President of Mentor Graphics.
Gregory K. Hinckley     Director, President and Chief       Mr. Hinckley has served as
                        Operating Officer                   Director and President of Mentor
                                                            Graphics since 2000. From 1997 to
                                                            2000 he served as Executive Vice
                                                            President, Chief Operating Officer
                                                            and Chief Financial Officer of
                                                            Mentor Graphics. From 1995 until
                                                            1996 Mr. Hinckley was Senior Vice
                                                            President of VLSI Technology, Inc.
L. Don Maulsby          Senior Vice President, World Trade  Mr. Maulsby has served as Senior
                                                            Vice President, World Trade since
                                                            October 1999. From June 1998 to
                                                            October 1999, he was president of
                                                            Tri-Tech and Associates, a
                                                            manufacturer's representative
                                                            firm. From June 1997 to June 1998
                                                            he was Vice President of World
                                                            Wide Sales and Marketing for
                                                            Interphase Corporation, a
                                                            manufacturer of high performance
                                                            network and mass storage products.
                                                            From April 1988 to December 1997,
                                                            he was employed by VLSI
                                                            Technology, Inc. where his duties
                                                            included Vice President Worldwide
                                                            Sales and Vice President and
                                                            General Manager of its Computing
                                                            Division.

                                       I-1

                                                             PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AND
NAME                                  TITLE                    FIVE YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ----                                  -----                  --------------------------------

Anthony B. Adrian       Vice President, Corporate           Mr. Adrian has served as Vice
                        Controller                          President, Corporate Controller
                                                            since joining Mentor Graphics in
                                                            January 1998. From August to
                                                            December of 1997, he held the
                                                            position of Vice President and
                                                            Acting Controller for Wickland Oil
                                                            Company, a petroleum marketing and
                                                            distribution company. From January
                                                            1996 to August 1997, Mr. Adrian
                                                            served as Managing Director of
                                                            Wickland Terminals in Australia.
                                                            From November 1992 to January
                                                            1996, Mr. Adrian served as Vice
                                                            President and Controller of
                                                            Wickland Oil.
Jue-Hsien Chern         Vice President, Deep Submicron      Dr. Chern has served as Vice
                        Division                            President and General Manager of
                                                            Mentor Graphics' Deep Submicron
                                                            (DSM) Division since joining
                                                            Mentor in January 2000. From 1994
                                                            to 1998, Dr. Chern served as Vice
                                                            President and Chief Technology
                                                            Officer for Technology Modeling
                                                            Associates. In 1998 Technology
                                                            Modeling Associates merged with
                                                            Avant! Corporation and Dr. Chern
                                                            became head of Avant!'s DSM
                                                            Business Unit. From August 1999 to
                                                            December 1999, Dr. Chern was
                                                            President of Ultima Corporation.
Brian Derrick           Vice President                      Mr. Derrick has served as Vice
                                                            President and General Manager of
                                                            Mentor Graphics' Physical
                                                            Verification (PVX) Division since
                                                            November 2000. From March 1998 to
                                                            November 2000, he was the Director
                                                            of Mentor Graphics' Calibre and
                                                            Velocity Strategic Business Unit.
                                                            From January 1997 to March 1998,
                                                            he was marketing manager for
                                                            Mentor Graphics' Calibre Business
                                                            Unit. Mr. Derrick was employed by
                                                            Allied Signal Corporation from
                                                            1988 to 1997, where his duties
                                                            included marketing manager. He has
                                                            been with Mentor Graphics since
                                                            1997.
Dean Freed              Vice President, General Counsel     Mr. Freed has served as Vice
                        and Secretary                       President, General Counsel and
                                                            Secretary of Mentor Graphics since
                                                            July 1995. Mr. Freed served as
                                                            Deputy General Counsel and
                                                            Assistant Secretary of Mentor
                                                            Graphics from April 1994 to July
                                                            1995. He has been employed by
                                                            Mentor Graphics since January
                                                            1989.

                                       I-2

                                                             PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AND
NAME                                  TITLE                    FIVE YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ----                                  -----                  --------------------------------

Henry Potts             Vice President and General          Mr. Potts has served as Vice
                        Manager, Systems Design Division    President and General Manager of
                                                            the Systems Design Division (SDD)
                                                            since joining Mentor Graphics in
                                                            April 1999. From 1997 to 1998, Mr.
                                                            Potts was Vice President of
                                                            Engineering for Hitachi Micro
                                                            Systems, a semiconductor research
                                                            and development company. From 1994
                                                            to 1997, he was employed by
                                                            Motorola Semiconductor where his
                                                            duties included leading the
                                                            development activities for
                                                            Advanced Signal Processor Silicon
                                                            and software products.
Anne Wagner Sanquini    Vice President and General          Ms. Sanquini has served as Vice
                        Manager, HDL Division               President and General Manager of
                                                            the Hardware Description Language
                                                            (HDL) Design Division since April
                                                            1999. From June 1998 to April
                                                            1999, Ms. Sanquini served as Vice
                                                            President, Marketing for Mentor
                                                            Graphics. From 1996 to 1998, Ms.
                                                            Sanquini was Vice President of
                                                            Corporate Marketing for the
                                                            SunSoft operating company of Sun
                                                            Microsystems, Inc. Ms. Sanquini
                                                            has been with Mentor Graphics
                                                            since June 1998.
Dennis Weldon           Treasurer                           Mr. Weldon has served as Treasurer
                                                            and Director of Corporate Business
                                                            Development since February 1996.
                                                            Mr. Weldon served as Director of
                                                            Business Development from June
                                                            1994 to January 1996. Mr. Weldon
                                                            has been employed by Mentor
                                                            Graphics since July 1988.
Marsha B. Congdon       Director                            Ms. Congdon has served as a
                                                            Director of Mentor Graphics since
                                                            1991. Since 1997, Ms. Congdon's
                                                            principal occupation has been
                                                            private investment. Ms. Congdon
                                                            served as Vice President, Policy
                                                            and Strategy of US West Inc. from
                                                            1995 to 1997.

                                       I-3

                                                             PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AND
NAME                                  TITLE                    FIVE YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ----                                  -----                  --------------------------------

James R. Fiebiger       Director                            Dr. Fiebiger has served as a
                                                            Director of Mentor Graphics since
                                                            1994. He has been Chairman of the
                                                            Board and Chief Executive Officer
                                                            of Lovoltech Inc. (a semiconductor
                                                            company) since 1999; Vice Chairman
                                                            and Managing Director of
                                                            Technology Licensing of Gatefield
                                                            Corporation (a semiconductor
                                                            company) from 1998 to 2000;
                                                            President and Chief Executive
                                                            Officer of Gatefield Corporation
                                                            from 1996 to 1998; Chairman of the
                                                            Board and Managing Director of
                                                            Thunderbird Technologies, Inc. (a
                                                            technology licensing company) from
                                                            1992 to 1997; Chairman of the
                                                            Board of Directors of Thunderbird
                                                            Technologies, Inc.; Director of
                                                            QLogic Corporation (a developer of
                                                            semiconductor and board-level
                                                            products) and Actel Corporation (a
                                                            developer of field programmable
                                                            gate arrays).
David A. Hodges         Director                            Dr. Hodges has served as Director
                                                            of Mentor Graphics since 1995. Dr.
                                                            Hodges is a Professor in the
                                                            Graduate School of the Department
                                                            of Electrical Engineering and
                                                            Computer Science at the University
                                                            of California at Berkeley ("UC
                                                            Berkeley") where he has been a
                                                            faculty member since 1970. Dr.
                                                            Hodges was Dean of the College of
                                                            Engineering at UC Berkeley from
                                                            1990 to 1996. Dr. Hodges is also a
                                                            Director of Silicon Image, Inc.
Kevin C. McDonough      Director                            Dr. McDonough has served as a
                                                            Director of Mentor Graphics since
                                                            1999. Since 1999, he has served as
                                                            President and Chief Executive
                                                            Officer of ChipData, Inc. Dr.
                                                            McDonough was Vice President and
                                                            General Manager of National
                                                            Semiconductor Corporation from
                                                            1997 to 1999 and served as Senior
                                                            Vice President of Engineering of
                                                            Cyrix Corporation from 1989 to
                                                            1997.
Fontaine K. Richardson  Director                            Dr. Richardson has served as a
                                                            Director of Mentor Graphics since
                                                            1983. His principal occupation
                                                            since 2000 has been private
                                                            investment. Dr. Richardson has
                                                            been a General Partner of Eastech
                                                            III and Vice President of Eastech
                                                            Management Company from 1983 to
                                                            2000. He also serves as Director
                                                            of ePresence, Inc.

                                       I-4

     The name and position with Purchaser of each director and officer of
Purchaser are set forth below. The business address, Mentor Graphics principal
occupation or employment, five-year employment history and citizenship of each
such person is set forth above.

NAME                                      TITLE
- ----                                      -----

Walden C. Rhines     President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Gregory K. Hinckley  Chief Financial Officer and Director
Dean Freed           Secretary

                                       I-5

                                                                     SCHEDULE II

              SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW
                              RIGHTS OF APPRAISAL

SECTION 262. APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

     (a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of
stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this
section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through
the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied
with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the
merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to sec.228 of
this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the
fair value of the stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section,
the word "stockholder" means a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation
and also a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and
"share" mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also
membership or membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and the
words "depositary receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depositary representing an interest in one or more shares, or fractions thereof,
solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the depositary.

     (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to sec.251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
sec.251(g) of this title), sec.252, sec.254, sec.257, sec.258, sec.263 or
sec.264 of this title:

          (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section
     shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which
     stock, or depositary receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed
     to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at
     the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
     consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or
     designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
     system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held
     of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no
     appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the
     constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require
     for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation
     as provided in subsection (f) of sec.251 of this title.

          (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
     under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
     of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required
     by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
     sec.sec.251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for
     such stock anything except:

             a.  Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
        such merger or consolidation, or depositary receipts in respect thereof;

             b.  Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depositary
        receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depositary
        receipts in respect thereof) or depositary receipts at the effective
        date of the merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national
        securities exchange or designated as a national market system security
        on an interdealer quotation system by the National Association of
        Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

             c.  Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depositary
        receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this
        paragraph; or

             d.  Any combination of the shares of stock, depositary receipts and
        cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depositary receipts
        described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b., and c. of this
        paragraph.

                                       II-1

          (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
     party to a merger effected under sec.253 of this title is not owned by the
     parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall
     be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

     (c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision,
the procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and
(e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

     (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

          (1)  If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights
     are provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a
     meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to
     the meeting, shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the
     record date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
     rights are available pursuant to subsections (b) or (c) hereof that
     appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the
     constituent corporations, and shall include in such notice a copy of this
     section. Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such
     stockholder's shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of
     the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of
     such stockholder's shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably
     informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the
     stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such stockholder's
     shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation shall not
     constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing to take such action must
     do so by a separate written demand as herein provided. Within 10 days after
     the effective date of such merger or consolidation, the surviving or
     resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each constituent
     corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not voted in
     favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the
     merger or consolidation has become effective; or

          (2)  If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to sec.228
     or sec.253 of this title, then either a constituent corporation before the
     effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving or resulting
     corporation within ten days thereafter, shall notify each of the holders of
     any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation who are
     entitled to appraisal rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation
     and that appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such class
     or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and shall include in
     such notice a copy of this section. Such notice may, and, if given on or
     after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify
     such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any
     stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date
     of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving or
     resulting corporation the appraisal of such holder's shares. Such demand
     will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity
     of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
     appraisal of such holder's shares. If such notice did not notify
     stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either
     (i) each such constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the
     effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders
     of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are
     entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or
     consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send
     such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such
     effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more
     than 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second notice
     need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights
     and who has demanded appraisal of such holder's shares in accordance with
     this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of
     the transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either
     notice that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be
     prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of
     determining the stockholders entitled to receive either notice, each
     constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be
     not more than 10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided,

                                       II-2

     that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or
     consolidation, the record date shall be such effective date. If no record
     date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the
     record date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the
     day on which the notice is given.

     (e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who was
complied with subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the value of the stock of all such stockholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to
withdraw such stockholder's demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered
upon the merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of
the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the
requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be
entitled to receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from
the consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not
voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands
for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares. Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days
after such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received by the
surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the
period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof,
whichever is later.

     (f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a
copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which
shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in
Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be
filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or
resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses
therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more publications at
least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general
circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as
the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and by publication
shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the
surviving or resulting corporation.

     (g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled to
appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

     (h) After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any element
of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon
the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair value, the
Court shall take into account all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate
of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate of
interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would have had to pay to
borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding. Upon application by the
surviving or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate
in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit discovery
or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior
to the final determination of the stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any
stockholder whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who has submitted
such stockholder's certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is
required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally
determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this
section.

                                       II-3

     (i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to the
stockholders entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the Court
may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of
holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares
represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Court's decree may be enforced as
other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving
or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

     (j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed
upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
the shares entitled to an appraisal.

     (k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of
this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior
to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that
if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder's
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either
within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as
provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal
shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court
of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the
Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems
just.

     (l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the
shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they
assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and
unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

                                       II-4

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.

                                       AT

                              $3.95 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

     The Letter of Transmittal and certificates for Shares and any other
required documents should be sent to the Depositary at one of the addresses set
forth below:

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                            [WILMINGTON TRUST LOGO]

                  By Mail:                               By Hand/Overnight Courier:
       CT Reorg. Svcs., Drop Code 1615                    Wilmington Trust Company
          Wilmington Trust Company                           Rodney Square North
                P.O. Box 8861                             1100 North Market Street
       Wilmington, Delaware 19899-8861                 Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1615
                                                     Attn: Corporate Trust Reorg. Svcs.

                                 By Facsimile:
                                 (302) 636-4145
                             Confirm by Telephone:
                                 (302) 636-6518

     If you have questions or need additional copies of this Offer to Purchase
and the Letter of Transmittal, you can call the Information Agent at its address
and telephone number set forth below. You may also contact your broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the
Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                                      LOGO
                               105 Madison Avenue
                            New York, New York 10016
                         (212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)
                      E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
                                       or
                         Call Toll Free (800) 322-2885

EX-99.(A)(1)(B)

f81012tex99-a1b.txt

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(B)

                                                           EXHIBIT (a)(1)(B)

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.
                                       AT

                              $3.95 NET PER SHARE

             PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE DATED APRIL 30, 2002

                                       BY

                           INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
                 NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, MAY 28, 2002,
                         UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                        THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER IS:

                            [WILMINGTON TRUST LOGO]

                            For Telephone Inquires:
                                 (866) 521-0079

             By Mail:                        By Facsimile:                By Hand/Overnight Courier:
 CT Reorg. Svcs., Drop Code 1615             (302) 636-4145                Wilmington Trust Company
     Wilmington Trust Company            Confirm by Telephone:               Rodney Square North
          P.O. Box 8861                      (302) 636-6518                1100 North Market Street
 Wilmington, Delaware 19899-8861                                       Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1615
                                                                      Attn: Corporate Trust Reorg. Svcs.

    DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OR FACSIMILE NUMBER
OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

    THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

    This Letter of Transmittal is to be used if certificates are to be forwarded
herewith or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase
dated April 30, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase")) is utilized, if delivery of
Shares (as defined below) is to be made by book-entry transfer to the
Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer
Facility") pursuant to the procedures set forth in "The Offer -- Procedure for
Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)
       (PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK, EXACTLY AS NAME(S)                               SHARES TENDERED
   AND SHARES TENDERED APPEAR(S) ON SHARE CERTIFICATE(S))               (ATTACH ADDITIONAL LIST IF NECESSARY)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    TOTAL NUMBER
                                                                                      OF SHARES            NUMBER
                                                                 CERTIFICATE       REPRESENTED BY         OF SHARES
                                                                 NUMBER(S)*        CERTIFICATE(S)*       TENDERED**

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                Total Shares
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  * Need not be completed by stockholders tendering by book-entry transfer.
 ** Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares represented by any certificates delivered to the
    Depositary are being tendered. See Instruction 4.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Holders of outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share
(the "Shares"), of Innoveda, Inc. (the "Company") whose certificates for such
Shares (the "Share Certificates") are not immediately available or who cannot
deliver their Share Certificates and all other required documents to the
Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase), or who cannot complete the procedure for book-entry transfer on a
timely basis, may tender their Shares according to the guaranteed delivery
procedure set forth in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering
Shares -- Guaranteed Delivery" of the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2.
DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE
DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY.

LOST CERTIFICATES

[ ] I HAVE LOST MY CERTIFICATE(S) THAT REPRESENTED ________________ SHARES AND
    REQUIRE ASSISTANCE IN OBTAINING A REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE(S). I UNDERSTAND
    THAT I MUST CONTACT THE DEPOSITARY AND/OR THE COMPANY TO OBTAIN INSTRUCTIONS
    FOR REPLACING LOST CERTIFICATES. SEE INSTRUCTION 9.

                    NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.

                PLEASE READ ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.

[ ] CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO
    THE DEPOSITARY'S ACCOUNT AT THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE
    THE FOLLOWING:

   Name of Tendering Institution
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Account Number
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Transaction Code Number
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

[ ] CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF
    GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE
    FOLLOWING:

   Name(s) of Tendering Stockholder(s)
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------

   Name of Institution which Guaranteed Delivery
   --------------------------------------------------------------------------

   If delivery is by book-entry transfer:

   Name of Tendering Institution
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Account Number
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Transaction Code Number
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Indiana Merger Corporation ("Purchaser"),
a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics
Corporation, an Oregon corporation, the above-described shares of common stock,
par value $0.01 per share ("Shares") of Innoveda, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), pursuant to Purchaser's offer to purchase all of the
outstanding Shares at $3.95 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without
interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to
Purchase dated April 30, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, and in this Letter of Transmittal (which together, as each
may be amended or supplemented from time to time, constitute the "Offer").
Purchaser reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole or from time to
time in part, to one or more of its affiliates the right to purchase Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not
relieve Purchaser of its obligations under the Offer or prejudice the
undersigned's rights to receive payment for Shares validly tendered and accepted
for payment.

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer
is extended or amended, the terms of any such extension or amendment) and
effective upon acceptance for payment of and payment for the Shares tendered
herewith, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the
order of, Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all the Shares that
are being tendered hereby (and any and all other Shares or other securities
issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after April 23, 2002 (collectively,
the "Distributions")) and appoints the Depositary the true and lawful agent and
attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to such Shares (and any
Distributions), with full power of substitution (such power of attorney being
deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to (i) deliver
certificates for such Shares (and any Distributions), or transfer ownership of
such Shares (and any Distributions) on the account books maintained by the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together, in any such case, with all accompanying
evidences of transfer and authenticity, to or upon the order of Purchaser, (ii)
present such Shares (and any Distributions) for transfer on the books of the
Company and (iii) receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of
beneficial ownership of such Shares (and any Distributions), all in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the Offer.

     The undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints Walden C. Rhines and Gregory K.
Hinckley, individually, as the attorneys and proxies of the undersigned, each
with full power of substitution, to exercise all voting and other rights of the
undersigned in such manner as each such attorney and proxy or his substitute
shall in his sole discretion deem proper, with respect to all of the Shares
tendered hereby which have been accepted for payment by Purchaser prior to the
time of any vote or other action (and any associated Distributions), at any
meeting of stockholders of the Company (whether annual or special and whether or
not an adjourned meeting), by written consent or otherwise. This proxy is
irrevocable and is granted in consideration of, and is effective upon, the
acceptance for payment of such Shares by Purchaser in accordance with the terms
of the Offer. Such acceptance for payment shall revoke any other proxy or
written consent granted by the undersigned at any time with respect to such
Shares (and any associated Distributions), and no subsequent proxies will be
given or written consents will be executed by the undersigned (and if given or
executed, will not be deemed to be effective).

     The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has
full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares
tendered hereby (and any Distributions) and that when the same are accepted for
payment by Purchaser, Purchaser will acquire good and unencumbered title
thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, charges and encumbrances and
not subject to any adverse claims. The undersigned will, upon request, execute
and deliver any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or Purchaser to be
necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the
Shares tendered hereby (and any Distributions).

     All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred shall survive the
death or incapacity of the undersigned, and any obligation of the undersigned
hereunder shall be binding upon the heirs, personal representatives, successors
and assigns of the undersigned. Except as stated in the Offer, this tender is
irrevocable.

     The undersigned understands that tenders of Shares pursuant to any one of
the procedures described in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares" of the
Offer to Purchase and the instructions hereto will constitute the undersigned's
acceptance of the Offer and that Purchaser's acceptance for payment of the
Shares tendered will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and
Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. The
undersigned recognizes that under certain circumstances set forth in the Offer
to Purchase, Purchaser may not be required to accept for payment any of the
Shares tendered hereby.

     Unless otherwise indicated under "Special Payment Instructions," please
issue the check for the purchase price of any Share Certificates purchased, and
return any Shares not tendered or not purchased, in the name(s) of the
undersigned (and, in the case of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer, by
credit to the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility). Similarly, unless
otherwise indicated under "Special Delivery Instructions," please mail the check
for the purchase price of any Share Certificates purchased and any certificates
for Shares not tendered or not purchased (and accompanying documents, as
appropriate) to the undersigned at the address shown below the undersigned's
signature(s). In the event that both "Special Payment Instructions" and "Special
Delivery Instructions" are completed, please issue the check for the purchase
price of any Share Certificates purchased and return any Shares not tendered or
not purchased in the name(s) of, and mail said check and any certificates to,
the person(s) so indicated. The undersigned recognizes that Purchaser has no
obligation, pursuant to the "Special Payment Instructions," to transfer any
Shares from the name of the registered holder(s) thereof if Purchaser does not
accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered.

                          SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
                           (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 6 AND 7)

     To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Share
Certificates purchased (less the amount of any federal income and backup
withholding tax required to be withheld) or certificates for Shares not tendered
or not purchased are to be issued in the name of someone other than the
undersigned.

Mail:  [ ] check
        [ ] certificates to:

Name:
- ----------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Address:
- --------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------
                                   (ZIP CODE)

- ------------------------------------------------------
                         (TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)

                         SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                           (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 6 AND 7)

     To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Share
Certificates purchased (less the amount of any federal income and backup
withholding tax required to be withheld) or certificates for Shares not tendered
or not purchased are to be mailed to someone other than the undersigned or to
the undersigned at an address other than that shown below the undersigned's
signature(s).

Mail:  [ ] check
        [ ] certificates to:

Name:
- ----------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Address:
- --------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------
                                   (ZIP CODE)

- ------------------------------------------------------
                         (TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)

                                   SIGN HERE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            (SIGNATURE(S) OF OWNERS)
Dated
- ------------------------
Name(s)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)
Capacity (full title)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)
Area Code and Telephone Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on Share
Certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by person(s) authorized to
become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents transmitted herewith.
If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian,
attorney-in-fact, agent, officer of a corporation or other person acting in a
fiduciary or representative capacity, please set forth full title and see
Instruction 5.)

                           GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                           (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1 AND 5)
Authorized Signature
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Title
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             (PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT)
Name of Firm
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)
Area Code and Telephone Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dated
- ------------------------

                     FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY
        FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS: PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE ABOVE

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      PAYER'S NAME: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 SUBSTITUTE                   PART 1 -- PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TIN IN THE BOX AT       -----------------------------
 FORM W-9                     RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW            Social Security Number
                                                                                                 OR
 DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY                                                         -----------------------------
 INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE                                                              Employer Identification
                                                                                              Number(s)
                             -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PAYER'S REQUEST FOR          PART 2 -- FOR PAYEES EXEMPT FROM BACKUP WITH-
 TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION      HOLDING (See Page 2 of enclosed Guidelines)
                             -----------------------------------------------------
 NUMBER (TIN) AND             PART 3 -- Certification Under Penalties of Perjury,             PART 4 --
 CERTIFICATION                I certify that:                                             Awaiting TIN [  ]
                              (1) The number shown on this form is my current
                              taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for
                                  a number to be issued to me) and
                              (2) I am not subject to backup withholding either
                              because I have not been notified by the Internal
                                  Revenue Service (the "IRS") that I am subject to
                                  backup withholding as a result of failure to
                                  report all interest or dividends, or the IRS has
                                  notified me that I am no longer subject to
                                  backup withholding.
                             -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS -- You must cross out item (2) in Part 3 above if you
                              have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because of
                              underreporting interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if after being
                              notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding you receive another
                              notification from the IRS stating that you are no longer subject to backup
                              withholding, do not cross out item (2).
                              SIGNATURE   DATE ____________
                              NAME
                              ADDRESS
                              CITY   STATE ____________  ZIP CODE ________
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

               YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU
                 CHECK THE BOX IN PART 4 OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

                     PAYER'S NAME: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY
             CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number has
not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an application
to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate Internal Revenue
Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or (b) I intend to mail
or deliver an application in the near future. I understand that if I do not
provide a taxpayer identification number within sixty (60) days, a portion of
all reportable payments made to me thereafter will be withheld until I provide
such a number.

Signature   Date ____________

NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING
      OF A PORTION OF ANY PAYMENT MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. PLEASE
      REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER
      IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

                                  INSTRUCTIONS

             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     1.  Guarantee of Signatures.  Except as otherwise provided below, all
signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial
institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage
houses) that is a member of a recognized Medallion Program approved by The
Securities Transfer Association, Inc. or any other "eligible guarantor
institution" (as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) (each an "Eligible Institution"). Signatures
on this Letter of Transmittal need not be guaranteed (i) if this Letter of
Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares (which term, for
purposes of this document, shall include any participant in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner
of Shares) tendered herewith and such holder(s) have not completed the
instruction entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on this Letter of
Transmittal or (ii) if such Shares are tendered for the account of an Eligible
Institution. See Instruction 5.

     2.  Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Shares.  This Letter of
Transmittal is to be used if Share Certificates are to be forwarded herewith or,
unless an Agent's Message is utilized, if deliveries are to be made by
book-entry transfer pursuant to the procedures set forth in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase. Share
Certificates for all physically delivered Shares, or a confirmation of a
book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility of all Shares delivered electronically, as well as a properly completed
and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof)
and any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, or an Agent's
Message in the case of a book-entry transfer, must be received by the Depositary
at one of its addresses set forth on the front page of this Letter of
Transmittal by the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase).

     Stockholders whose Share Certificates are not immediately available, who
cannot deliver their Share Certificates and all other required documents to the
Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or who cannot complete the procedure for
delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may tender their Shares
pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure described in Section 4 of the
Offer to Purchase. Pursuant to such procedure: (a) such tender must be made by
or through an Eligible Institution; (b) a properly completed and duly executed
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by Purchaser,
must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date; and (c) Share
Certificates for all tendered Shares, in proper form for tender, or a
confirmation of a book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility of all Shares delivered electronically, as well as
a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually
signed facsimile thereof), and any other documents required by this Letter of
Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary within three Nasdaq National
Market trading days of the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery.

     The method of delivery of Shares and all other required documents is at the
option and risk of the tendering stockholder. If certificates for Shares are
sent by mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured,
is recommended.

     No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted, and no
fractional Shares will be purchased. By executing this Letter of Transmittal,
the tendering stockholder waives any right to receive any notice of the
acceptance for payment of the Shares.

     3.  Inadequate Space.  If the space provided herein is inadequate, the
Share Certificate numbers, the number of Shares evidenced by such Share
Certificates and the number of Shares tendered should be listed on a separate
signed schedule and attached hereto.

     4.  Partial Tenders (not applicable to stockholders who tender by
book-entry transfer).  If fewer than all the Shares represented by any
certificate delivered to the Depositary are to be tendered, fill in the number
of Shares which are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares
Tendered." In such case, a new certificate for the remainder of the Shares
represented by the old certificate will be sent to the person(s) signing this
Letter of Transmittal, unless otherwise provided in the appropriate box on this
Letter of Transmittal, as promptly as practicable following the expiration or
termination of the Offer. All Shares represented by certificates delivered to
the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated.

     5.  Signatures on Letter of Transmittal; Stock Powers and Endorsements.  If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares
tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on
the face of the certificates without alteration, enlargement or any change
whatsoever.

     If any of the Shares tendered hereby are held of record by two or more
persons, all such persons must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

     If any of the Shares tendered hereby are registered in different names on
different certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as
many separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations of
certificates.

     If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Shares tendered hereby, no endorsements of certificates or separate stock powers
are required unless payment of the purchase price is to be made, or Shares not
tendered or not purchased are to be returned, in the name of any person other
than the registered holder(s). Signatures on any such certificates or stock
powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered hereby, certificates must be
endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case, signed
exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on the certificates
for such Shares. Signature(s) on any such certificates or stock powers must be
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     If this Letter of Transmittal or any certificate or stock power is signed
by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a
corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity,
such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to
Purchaser of the authority of such person so to act must be submitted.

     6.  Stock Transfer Taxes.  Purchaser will pay any stock transfer taxes with
respect to the sale and transfer of any Shares to it or its order pursuant to
the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price is to be made to, or
Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be returned in the name of, any
person other than the registered holder(s), or if a transfer tax is imposed for
any reason other than the sale or transfer of Shares to Purchaser pursuant to
the Offer, then the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the
registered holder(s), such other person or otherwise) will be deducted from the
purchase price unless satisfactory evidence of the payment of such taxes, or
exemption therefrom, is submitted herewith.

     7.  Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.  If the check for the
purchase price of any Shares purchased is to be issued, or any Shares not
tendered or not purchased are to be returned, in the name of a person other than
the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal or if the check or any
certificates for Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be mailed to
someone other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal or to the
person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal at an address other than that shown
above, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal should be completed.
Stockholders tendering Shares by book-entry transfer may request that Shares not
purchased be credited to such account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as
such stockholder may designate under "Special Payment Instructions." If no such
instructions are given, any such Shares not purchased will be returned by
crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above.

     8.  Substitute Form W-9.  Under the United States federal income tax laws,
the Depositary will be required to withhold a portion of the amount of any
payments made to certain stockholders pursuant to the Offer. In order to avoid
such backup withholding, each tendering stockholder, and, if applicable, each
other payee, must provide the Depositary with such stockholder's or payee's
correct taxpayer identification number and certify that such stockholder or
payee is not subject to such backup withholding by completing the Substitute
Form W-9. In general, if a stockholder or payee is an individual, the taxpayer
identification number is the Social Security number of such individual. If the
Depositary is not provided with the correct taxpayer identification number, the
stockholder or payee may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal
Revenue Service. For further information concerning backup withholding and
instructions for completing the Substitute Form W-9 (including how to obtain a
taxpayer identification number if you do not have one and how to complete the
Substitute Form W-9 if Shares are held in more than one name), consult the
enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
Substitute Form W-9.

     Certain stockholders or payees (including, among others, all corporations
and certain foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and
reporting requirements. In order to satisfy the Depositary that a foreign
individual qualifies as an exempt recipient, such stockholder or payee must
submit a statement, signed under penalties of perjury, attesting to that
individual's exempt status, on a properly completed Form W-8BEN, or successor
form. Such statements can be obtained from the Depositary.

     Failure to complete the Substitute Form W-9 will not, by itself, cause
Shares to be deemed invalidly tendered, but may require the Depositary to
withhold a portion of the amount of any payments made pursuant to the Offer.
Backup withholding is not an additional federal income tax. Rather, the federal
income tax liability of a person subject to backup withholding will be reduced
by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an overpayment of
taxes, a refund may be obtained provided that the required information is
furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN
THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF A PORTION OF ANY
PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED
GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE
FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

     9.  Mutilated, Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.  Any holder of a
certificate(s) which represented Shares whose certificate(s) has been mutilated,
lost, stolen, or destroyed should (i) complete this Letter of Transmittal and
check the appropriate box above and (ii) contact the Depositary immediately by
calling (302) 636-6518. The Depositary will provide such holder will all
necessary forms and instructions to replace any mutilated, lost, stolen or
destroyed certificates. The holder may also be required to give the Company a
bond as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to
the certificate(s) alleged to have been mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed.
However, there can be no assurances that such mutilated, lost, stolen or
destroyed certificates will be replaced prior to the expiration date of the
Offer.

     10.  Waiver of Conditions.  Subject to the terms and conditions of the
Merger Agreement, the Conditions of the Offer may be waived, in whole or in
part, by Purchaser, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time,
in the case of any shares tendered.

     11.  Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.  Requests for assistance
or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase and this Letter of Transmittal may
be obtained from the Information Agent at its address or telephone number set
forth on the back cover of this Letter of Transmittal.

     IMPORTANT:  THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A MANUALLY SIGNED FACSIMILE
HEREOF) OR AN AGENT'S MESSAGE TOGETHER WITH SHARE CERTIFICATES OR CONFIRMATION
OF BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, OR THE NOTICE OF
GUARANTEED DELIVERY MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION
DATE.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          (DO NOT WRITE IN THE SPACES BELOW)

     Date Received ---------------              Accepted by ---------------                  Checked by
                                                                                             ---------------
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        SHARES        SHARES         SHARES         CHECK          AMOUNT         SHARES      CERTIFICATE   BLOCK
     SURRENDERED     TENDERED       ACCEPTED         NO.          OF CHECK       RETURNED         NO.        NO.
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         ---           ---            ---                      Gr                  ---            ---        ---
         ---           ---            ---                      Net                 ---            ---        ---
     Delivery Prepared By ---------------       Checked By ---------------                   Date ---------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Any questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the
Information Agent at its telephone numbers and address listed below. Additional
copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery may be obtained from the Information Agent at its address
and telephone numbers set forth below. Holders of Shares may also contact their
broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for assistance
concerning the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                                [MACKENZIE LOGO]

                               105 Madison Avenue
                               New York, NY 10016
                         (212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)
                      E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
                                       or
                         Call Toll-Free (800) 322-2885

EX-99.(A)(1)(C)

f81012tex99-a1c.txt

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(C)

                                                        EXHIBIT (a)(1)(C)

                         NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY
                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.
                                       AT

                              $3.95 NET PER SHARE

             PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE DATED APRIL 30, 2002

                                       BY

                           INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
            NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, MAY 28, 2002, UNLESS THE
                               OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     This form, or a form substantially equivalent to this form, must be used to
accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates evidencing shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of Innoveda, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), are not immediately available, or if the procedure
for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis or time will not
permit all required documents to reach Wilmington Trust Company (the
"Depositary") on or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase dated April 30, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase")). This Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or facsimile transmission or mail
to the Depositary. See "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares" of the
Offer to Purchase.

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                            [WILMINGTON TRUST LOGO]

           By Mail:                  By Hand/Overnight Courier:
CT Reorg. Svcs., Drop Code 1615       Wilmington Trust Company
   Wilmington Trust Company             Rodney Square North
         P.O. Box 8861                1100 North Market Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19899-8861   Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1615
                                 Attn: Corporate Trust Reorg. Svcs.

                                 By Facsimile:
                                 (302) 636-4145

                             Confirm by Telephone:
                                 (302) 636-6518

     DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS
SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION TO A
NUMBER OTHER THAN AS LISTED ABOVE, DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

     This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery is not to be used to guarantee
signatures. If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal is required to be
guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" under the instructions
thereto, such signature guarantee must appear in the applicable space provided
in the signature box on the Letter of Transmittal.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Indiana Merger Corporation ("Purchaser"),
a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics
Corporation, an Oregon corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2002 (the "Offer to
Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which together, as each may be
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, constitute the
"Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Shares
specified below pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase.

               ------------------------------------------------
                      CERTIFICATE NUMBERS (IF AVAILABLE)

               ------------------------------------------------
                  [ ] CHECK HERE IF SHARES WILL BE TENDERED
                            BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER

               ------------------------------------------------
                          NUMBER OF SHARES TENDERED

               ------------------------------------------------
                                 ACCOUNT NUMBER

                                  SIGN HERE

               ------------------------------------------------
                                  SIGNATURE

               ------------------------------------------------
                       (NAME(S)) (PLEASE PRINT) NAME OF
                            TENDERING INSTITUTION

               ------------------------------------------------
                                   ADDRESS

               ------------------------------------------------
                                  (ZIP CODE)

               ------------------------------------------------
                       (AREA CODE AND TELEPHONE NUMBER)

                                   GUARANTEE
                    (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEE)

     The undersigned, a firm which is a bank, broker, dealer, credit union,
savings association or other entity which is a member in good standing of a
recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities Transfer Association,
Inc. or any other "eligible guarantor institution" (as such term is defined in
Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), guarantees
(a) that the above named person(s) "own(s)" the Shares tendered hereby within
the meaning of Rule 14e-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (b) that
such tender of Shares complies with Rule 14e-4 and (c) to deliver to the
Depositary of the Shares tendered hereby, in proper form of transfer, or a Book-
Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), together with a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed
facsimile thereof) with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message
(as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in the case of a book-entry delivery, and
any other required documents within three Nasdaq National Market trading days of
the date hereof.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (NAME OF FIRM)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             (AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     (NAME)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   (ADDRESS)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   (ZIP CODE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        (AREA CODE AND TELEPHONE NUMBER)

DATED:
- ---------------------------------------------

     DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES WITH THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY.
SHARE CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

EX-99.(A)(1)(D)

f81012tex99-a1d.txt

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(D)

                                                        EXHIBIT (a)(1)(D)

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.

                                       AT

                              $3.95 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
            NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, MAY 28, 2002, UNLESS THE
                               OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                                  April 30, 2002

To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
Trust Companies and Other Nominees:

     This letter relates to the offer being made by Mentor Graphics Corporation,
an Oregon corporation ("Mentor Graphics"), through Indiana Merger Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("Purchaser" and together with Mentor Graphics, "Mentor")
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor, to purchase all of the issued and
outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of Innoveda,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $3.95 per Share net
to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in Mentor's Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2002 (the
"Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which together, as
each may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
constitute the "Offer").

     For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, we are enclosing
the following documents:

          1.  Offer to Purchase dated April 30, 2002;

          2.  Letter of Transmittal for your use and for the information of your
     clients (including Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
     Number on Substitute Form W-9 providing information relating to backup
     federal income tax withholding);

          3.  Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if
     the Shares and all other required documents cannot be delivered to
     Wilmington Trust Company ("the Depositary") by the Expiration Date (as
     defined in Offer to Purchase);

          4.  A form of letter which may be sent to your clients for whose
     accounts you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your
     nominee, with space provided for obtaining such clients' instructions with
     regard to the Offer;

          5.  The letter to stockholders of the Company from William J. Herman,
     the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, accompanied by the
     Company's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed
     with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Company, which includes
     the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board of
     Directors") that stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares to
     Mentor pursuant to the Offer; and

          6.  Return envelope addressed to the Depositary.

     THIS OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (I) THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER A
NUMBER OF SHARES THAT REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF
OUTSTANDING SHARES ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE AND (II) THE
EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF ANY AND ALL WAITING PERIODS UNDER THE
HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED, AND THE
REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. THE OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO CERTAIN OTHER CONDITIONS
DESCRIBED IN SECTION 16 OF THE OFFER TO PURCHASE. THE OFFER IS NOT CONDITIONED
UPON MENTOR OBTAINING FINANCING.

     WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. THE OFFER AND
WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, MAY
28, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of April 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), among the Company, Mentor
Graphics and Purchaser. The Merger Agreement provides for, among other things,
the making of the Offer by Purchaser, and further provides that, as soon as
practicable following consummation of the Offer, Purchaser will be merged with
and into the Company (the "Merger") with the Company continuing as the surviving
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics.

     The Board of Directors by unanimous vote of all directors present at a
meeting of the Company's Board of Directors held on April 23, 2002 (1)
determined that the Offer and the Merger are fair to and in the best interests
of the stockholders of the Company, (2) approved and adopted the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the
Merger and (3) recommended that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer and
tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or
other person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Purchaser
will, however, upon request, reimburse brokers, dealers, commercial banks and
trust companies for reasonable and necessary costs and expenses incurred by them
in forwarding materials to their customers. Purchaser will pay all stock
transfer taxes applicable to its purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer,
subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal.

     In order to accept the Offer, a duly executed and properly completed Letter
of Transmittal and any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with a book-entry delivery of
Shares, together with certificates representing the Shares tendered or timely
confirmation of the book-entry transfer of such Shares, and any other required
documents, should be sent to the Depositary by 12:00 Midnight, New York City
time, on Tuesday, May 28, 2002.

     Any inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed
to, and additional copies of the enclosed materials may be obtained from, the
Information Agent or the Depositary at the addresses and telephone numbers set
forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION
                                          INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION

     NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU
AS THE AGENT OF PURCHASER, MENTOR GRAPHICS, THE INFORMATION AGENT OR THE
DEPOSITARY, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY
STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE
DOCUMENTS ENCLOSED HEREWITH AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.

EX-99.(A)(1)(E)

f81012tex99-a1e.txt

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(E)

                                                        EXHIBIT (a)(1)(E)

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 INNOVEDA, INC.

                                       AT

                              $3.95 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION

                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

                 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT
                12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY,
                  MAY 28, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

To Our Clients:

     Enclosed for your consideration is an Offer to Purchase dated April 30,
2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which
together, as each may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time constitute the "Offer") in connection with the offer by Mentor Graphics
Corporation, an Oregon corporation ("Mentor Graphics"), through Indiana Merger
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser" and, together with Mentor
Graphics, "Mentor") and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics, to
purchase for cash all of the shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share
(the "Shares"), of Innoveda, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a
purchase price of $3.95 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest
thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to
Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal.

     We are the holder of record of Shares held for your account. A tender of
such Shares can be made only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your
instructions. The Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your information
only and cannot be used by you to tender Shares held by us for your account.

     We request instructions as to whether you wish us to tender any or all of
the Shares held by us for your account, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal.

     Your attention is invited to the following:

          1.  The tender price is $3.95 per Share, net to you in cash.

          2.  The Offer is being made for all of the outstanding Shares.

          3.  The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (1) there being
     validly tendered and not withdrawn immediately prior to the expiration of
     the Offer a number of Shares that represents at least a majority of the
     total number of outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis on the date of
     purchase and (2) the expiration or termination of any and all waiting
     periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
     amended, and the regulations thereunder. The Offer is also subject to
     certain other conditions described in Section 16 of the Offer to Purchase.
     The Offer is not conditioned upon Mentor obtaining financing.

          4.  The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of
     Merger, dated as of April 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), among the
     Company, Mentor Graphics and Purchaser. The Merger Agreement provides for,
     among other things, the making of the Offer by Mentor, and further provides
     that, as soon as practicable following consummation of the Offer, Purchaser
     will be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger") with the Company
     continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
     Mentor Graphics.

          5.  The Board of Directors of the Company by unanimous vote of all
     directors present at a meeting of the Company's Board of Directors held on
     April 23, 2002, (1) determined that the Offer and the Merger are fair to
     and in the best interests of the stockholders of the Company, (2) approved
     and adopted the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
     including the Offer and the Merger and (3) recommended that the Company's
     stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the
     Offer.

          6.  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
     CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, MAY 28, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

          7.  Any stock transfer taxes applicable to a sale of Shares to the
     Purchaser will be borne by Purchaser, except as otherwise provided in
     Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal.

     If you wish to have us tender any or all of your Shares, please so instruct
us by completing, executing, detaching and returning to us the instruction form
on the detachable part hereof. An envelope to return your instructions to us is
enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be
tendered unless otherwise specified on the detachable part hereof. Your
instructions should be forwarded to us in ample time to permit us to submit a
tender on your behalf by the expiration of the Offer.

     The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on
behalf of, holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the
Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such
jurisdiction.

     Payment for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be
made only after timely receipt by Wilmington Trust Company (the "Depositary") of
(a) certificates representing the Shares tendered or timely confirmation of the
book-entry transfer of such Shares into the account maintained by the Depositary
at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility"), pursuant
to the procedures set forth in Section 4 of the Offer to Purchase, (b) the
Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, with any required
signature guarantees or an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase), in connection with a book-entry delivery, and (c) any other documents
required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, payment may not be made to
all tendering stockholders at the same time depending upon when certificates for
or confirmations of book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility are actually received by the
Depositary.

                          INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO
                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF
                                 INNOVEDA, INC.
                                       BY
                           INDIANA MERGER CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF
                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

     The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter enclosing the Offer
to Purchase dated April 30, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related
Letter of Transmittal, in connection with the offer by Mentor Graphics
Corporation through Indiana Merger Corporation to purchase all of the shares of
common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the "Shares"), of Innoveda, Inc. (the
"Company"), at a purchase price of $3.95 per Share, net to the seller in cash,
without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal.

     This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below held
by you for the account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of
Transmittal.

                        Number of Shares to be Tendered:

                --------------------------------------------      Shares*

                                    Dated
                 --------------------------------------------

                                  SIGN HERE

            -----------------------------------------------------

            -----------------------------------------------------
                                 SIGNATURE(S)

            -----------------------------------------------------
                          PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME(S)

            -----------------------------------------------------
                                   ADDRESS

            -----------------------------------------------------
                        AREA CODE AND TELEPHONE NUMBER

            -----------------------------------------------------
                          TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION OR
                            SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

* Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares held by us for
  your account are to be tendered.

EX-99.(A)(1)(F)

f81012tex99-a1f.txt

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(F)

                                                        EXHIBIT (a)(1)(F)

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

GUIDELINES FOR DETERMINING THE PROPER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER TO GIVE THE
PAYER.--Social Security Numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: i.e.,
000-00-0000. Employer Identification Numbers have nine digits separated by only
one hyphen: i.e., 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to
give the payer.

- --------------------------------------------------------
                             GIVE THE
                             SOCIAL SECURITY
FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:    NUMBER OF--
- --------------------------------------------------------

 1.  An individual's         The individual
     account
 2.  Two or more             The actual owner of the
     individuals (joint      account or, if combined
     account)                funds, any one of the
                             individuals(1)
 3.  Husband and wife        The actual owner of the
     (joint account)         account or, if joint funds,
                             either person(1)
 4.  Custodian account of a  The minor(2)
     minor (Uniform Gift to
     Minors Act)
 5.  Adult and minor (joint  The adult or, if the minor
     account)                is the only contributor,
                             the minor(1)
 6.  Account in the name of  The ward, minor, or
     guardian or committee   incompetent person(3)
     for a designated ward,
     minor, or incompetent
     person
 7.  a. The usual revocable  The grantor-trustee(1)
        savings trust
        account (grantor is
        also trustee)
     b. So-called trust      The actual owner(1)
     account that is not a
        legal or valid
        trust under State
        law

- --------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------
                             GIVE THE
                             EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION
FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:    NUMBER OF--
- --------------------------------------------------------

 8.  Sole proprietorship     The Owner(4)
     account
 9.  A valid trust, estate   The legal entity (Do not
     or pension trust        furnish the identifying
                             number of the personal
                             representative or trustee
                             unless the legal entity
                             itself is not designated in
                             the account title)(5)
10.  Corporate account       The corporation
11.  Religious, charitable,  The organization
     or educational
     organization account
12.  Partnership account     The partnership
     held in the name of
     the business
13.  Association, club, or   The organization
     other tax-exempt
     organization
14.  A broker or registered  The broker or nominee
     nominee
15.  Account with the        The public entity
     Department of
     Agriculture in the
     name of a public
     entity (such as a
     State or local
     government, school
     district, or prison)
     that receives
     agricultural program
     payments
- --------------------------------------------------------

(1) List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.
(2) Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.
(3) Circle the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such
    person's social security number.
(4) You must show your individual name, but you may also enter your business or
    "doing business" name. You may use either your Social Security Number or
    Employer Identification Number.
(5) List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust.

NOTE: If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be
      considered to be that of the first name listed.

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9
                                     PAGE 2

OBTAINING A NUMBER
If you do not have a taxpayer identification number or if you do not know your
number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for Social Security Number Card, or Form
SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office of the
Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") and
apply for a number.

Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL payments by brokers
include the following:
  - A corporation.
  - A financial institution.
  - An organization exempt from a tax under Section 501(a), or an individual
    retirement plan or a custodial account under Section 403(b)(7) if the
    account satisfies the requirements of Section 401(F)(2).
  - The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any
    subdivision or instrumentality thereof.
  - A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or
    any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - An international organization or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the U.S. or a
    possession of the U.S.
  - A real estate investment trust.
  - A common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a).
  - An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
  - A foreign central bank of issue.
  - A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity Futures Trading
    Commission.
  - A person registered under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 who regularly
    acts as a broker.
Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup
withholding include the following:
  - Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441.
  - Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. and
    which have at least one nonresident partner.
  - Payments of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in
    money.
  - Payments made by certain foreign organizations.
  - Payments made to a nominee.
Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the
following:
  - Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals. Note: You may be
    subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid
    in the course of the payer's trade or business and you have not provided
    your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer.
  - Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under
    Section 852).
  - Payments described in Section 6049(b)(5) to nonresident aliens.
  - Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451.
  - Payments made by certain foreign corporations.
  - Payments made to a nominee.
Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous
backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, CHECK "EXEMPT" IN PART 2 OF THE FORM, SIGN AND DATE THE
FORM AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYER.

Certain payments other than interest, dividends, and patronage dividends, which
are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup
withholding. For details, see the regulations under Section 6041, 6041(A)(a),
6045, and 6050A.

PRIVACY ACT NOTICE.--Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend,
interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers
who must report the payments to IRS. IRS uses the numbers for identification
purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are
required to file tax returns. Beginning January 1, 1993, payers must generally
withhold a portion of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to
a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payer.
Certain penalties may also apply.

PENALTIES
(1) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER.--If you fail
to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a payer, you are subject to a
penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable
cause and not to willful neglect.
(2) FAILURE TO REPORT CERTAIN DIVIDEND AND INTEREST PAYMENTS.--If you fail to
include any portion of an includible payment for interest, dividends, or
patronage dividends in gross income, such failure will be treated as being due
to negligence and will be subject to a penalty of 5% on any portion of an
under-payment attributable to that failure unless there is clear and convincing
evidence to the contrary.
(3) CIVIL PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO WITHHOLDING.--If you
make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition
of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.
(4) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION.--Falsifying certifications or
affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including fines and/or
imprisonment.

                  FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX
                  CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE.

EX-99.(A)(1)(H)

f81012tex99-a1h.txt

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(H)

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(H)

           THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO PURCHASE NOR A SOLICITATION
OF AN OFFER TO SELL SHARES. THE OFFER IS MADE SOLELY BY THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
DATED APRIL 30, 2002 AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ANY AMENDMENTS OR
SUPPLEMENTS THERETO, AND IS BEING MADE TO ALL HOLDERS OF SHARES. PURCHASER IS
NOT AWARE OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE THE MAKING OF THE OFFER IS PROHIBITED BY
ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL ACTION PURSUANT TO ANY VALID STATUTE. IF PURCHASER
BECOMES AWARE OF ANY VALID STATUTE PROHIBITING THE MAKING OF THE OFFER OR THE
ACCEPTANCE OF SHARES PURSUANT THERETO, PURCHASER WILL MAKE A GOOD FAITH EFFORT
TO COMPLY WITH SUCH STATUTE. IF, AFTER SUCH GOOD FAITH EFFORT, PURCHASER CANNOT
COMPLY WITH SUCH STATUTE, THE OFFER WILL NOT BE MADE TO (NOR WILL TENDERS BE
ACCEPTED FROM OR ON BEHALF OF) THE HOLDERS OF SHARES IN SUCH JURISDICTION. IN
ANY JURISDICTION WHERE THE SECURITIES, BLUE SKY OR OTHER LAWS REQUIRE THE OFFER
TO BE MADE BY A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER, THE OFFER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE
ON BEHALF OF PURCHASER BY ONE OR MORE REGISTERED BROKERS OR DEALERS LICENSED
UNDER THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.

                      Notice of Offer to Purchase for Cash
                     All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
                                       of
                                 Innoveda, Inc.
                                       at
                           $3.95 Net Per Share in Cash
                                       by
                           Indiana Merger Corporation
                          a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                           Mentor Graphics Corporation

           Indiana Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation
("Mentor Graphics"), is offering to purchase all outstanding shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of Innoveda, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $3.95 per Share, net to the seller in
cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Offer to Purchase, dated April 30, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase") and in
the related Letter of Transmittal (which, as each may be amended and
supplemented from time to time, together constitute the "Offer"). Purchaser is
offering to acquire the Shares as a first step in acquiring the entire equity
interest in the Company. Following the consummation of the Offer, Purchaser
intends to effect the Merger described below.

           THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW
YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, MAY 28, 2002 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), UNLESS THE
OFFER IS EXTENDED.

           THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (1) THERE BEING
VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE A
NUMBER OF SHARES THAT REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF
OUTSTANDING SHARES ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE (THE
"MINIMUM CONDITION"); AND (2) THE EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF ANY AND ALL
WAITING PERIODS UNDER THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976,
AS AMENDED, AND THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. THE OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO OTHER
CONDITIONS DESCRIBED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE.

           Except for the Minimum Condition, Purchaser, in its discretion, can
waive the conditions to the Offer without the Company's consent. The Offer is
not conditioned on Mentor Graphics or Purchaser obtaining financing.

           The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated as of April 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), among the Company, Mentor
Graphics and Purchaser. The Merger Agreement provides

that, as soon as practicable following consummation of the Offer, Purchaser will
be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger") with the Company continuing
as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the
"Effective Time"), each Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than Shares owned by Mentor Graphics, Purchaser, any wholly-owned
subsidiary of Mentor Graphics or Purchaser, the Company or any wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, all of which will be canceled, and Shares held by the
Company's stockholders, if any, who properly exercise their appraisal rights
under the Delaware General Corporation Law) will be converted into the right to
receive $3.95 per share in cash or any greater per Share price paid in the
Offer, net without interest. The purpose of the Offer is for Purchaser to
acquire a majority voting interest in the Company as the first step in Mentor
Graphics acquiring the entire equity interest in the Company. The purpose of the
Merger is to acquire all outstanding Shares not tendered and purchased pursuant
to the Offer.

           The Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain
conditions, including, if required, the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding Shares. If the Minimum Condition is satisfied and Purchaser acquires
Shares pursuant to the Offer, Purchaser would have sufficient voting power to
approve the Merger without the affirmative vote of any other stockholder of the
Company. In addition, in order to facilitate a short-form merger following the
completion of the Offer, the Company has granted to Purchaser an irrevocable
option, exercisable in whole if the Minimum Condition is met and Purchaser
accepts for payment pursuant to the Offer more than 85% but less than 90% of the
Shares then outstanding, to purchase additional Shares equal to an amount that,
when added to the Shares that Purchaser already owns at the time the option is
exercised, will constitute one Share more than 90% of the Shares then
outstanding (assuming the exercise of all exercisable options to purchase Shares
with an exercise price less than $3.95 per share), at a price of $3.95 per
Share. Purchaser may only exercise this option so long as immediately after the
exercise it would own more than 90% of the Shares outstanding. The Company has
also agreed, if required, to cause a meeting of its stockholders to be held as
promptly as practicable following consummation of the Offer for the purpose of
considering and taking action upon the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement. Purchaser has agreed to vote all Shares that it acquires in the Offer
in favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement. The Merger
Agreement is more fully described in the Offer to Purchase.

           ALL DIRECTORS PRESENT AT A MEETING OF THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF
DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY (1) DETERMINED THAT THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO
AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, (2) APPROVED AND
ADOPTED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY,
INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (3) RECOMMENDED THAT THE COMPANY'S
STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

           As a condition to and an inducement for Mentor Graphics and Purchaser
entering into the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company (each a
"Significant Stockholder"), consisting of the Company's directors, executive
officers and certain of their respective affiliates, have entered into Tender
and Stockholder Support Agreements with Mentor Graphics pursuant to which the
Significant Stockholders have (i) agreed to tender and sell approximately 39% of
the issued and outstanding Shares (approximately 32% on a fully diluted basis)
to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, (ii) agreed not to withdraw any Shares
tendered in the Offer and (iii) granted to Mentor Graphics and certain officers
of Mentor Graphics an irrevocable proxy to vote such Shares in favor of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. In addition, certain of the
Significant Stockholders have agreed to vote their Shares in favor of the Merger
and Merger Agreement and against any acquisition proposal other than the Merger.

           For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted
for payment tendered Shares when, as and if Purchaser gives oral or written
notice of its acceptance to Wilmington Trust Company, N.A. (the "Depositary").
Purchaser will pay for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer by
depositing the purchase price with the Depositary. The Depositary will act as
agent for all tendering stockholders for the purpose of receiving payments from
Purchaser and transmitting such payments to tendering stockholders whose Shares
have been accepted for payment. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON
THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER, REGARDLESS OF ANY DELAY IN
MAKING SUCH PAYMENT. In all

cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the
Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (1)
certificates for such Shares or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of
such Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility,
(2) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal and (3) any
other required documents. Accordingly, payment may be made to tendering
stockholders at different times if delivery of the Shares and other required
documents occurs at different times.

           Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement and applicable law, if,
at any Expiration Date, any of the conditions to the Offer are not satisfied or
waived by Purchaser, Purchaser may, but shall not be required to, extend the
Offer. In addition, if the Offer has not been consummated at the Expiration Date
due to the failure to satisfy the condition to the Offer relating to the
expiration of the waiting period under any applicable antitrust statutes or
regulations, Purchaser will, at the request of the Company, extend the
Expiration Date for one or more periods (not in excess of ten business days
each) but in no event later than December 23, 2002. Any extension will be
followed as promptly as practicable by public announcement to be made no later
than 9:00 a.m. New York City time, on the next business day after the previously
schedule Expiration Date. Subject to the terms of the Offer and the Merger
Agreement and the satisfaction or waiver of all the conditions to the Offer as
of any Expiration Date, Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all Shares
validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as
practicable after such Expiration Date.

           Tendering stockholders who are record owners of their Shares and
tender directly to the Depositary will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
commissions or, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of
Transmittal, stock transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by Purchaser
pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their Shares through a broker or
bank should consult such institution as to whether it charges any service fees.
Purchaser will pay all charges and expenses of the Depositary and MacKenzie
Partners, Inc., which is acting as the information agent (the "Information
Agent"), incurred in connection with the Offer.

           Purchaser does not currently intend to include a subsequent offering
period in the Offer, although it reserves the right to do so in its sole
discretion. Under Exchange Act Rule 14d-7, no withdrawal rights apply to Shares
tendered during a subsequent offering period and no withdrawal rights apply
during the subsequent offering period with respect to Shares tendered in the
Offer and accepted for payment. Purchaser will pay the same consideration to
stockholders tendering Shares in the Offer or in a subsequent offering period,
if it includes one.

           Tendering stockholders may withdraw tenders of Shares made pursuant
to the Offer at any time prior to the Expiration Date. Thereafter, such tenders
are irrevocable, except that they may be withdrawn after June 28, 2002 unless
such Shares are accepted for payment as provided in the Offer to Purchase. If
Purchaser extends the period of time during which the Offer is open, is delayed
in accepting for payment or paying for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any
reason, or is unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for any
reason, then, without prejudice to Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the
Depositary may, on Purchaser's behalf, retain all Shares tendered, and such
Shares may not be withdrawn except as otherwise provided in the Offer to
Purchase.

           To withdraw tendered Shares, a written or facsimile transmission
notice of withdrawal with respect to the Shares must be timely received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to
Purchase, and the notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who
tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and
the name of the registered holder of Shares, if different from that of the
person who tendered such Shares. If the Shares to be withdrawn have been
delivered to the Depositary, a signed notice of withdrawal with (except in the
case of Shares tendered by an Eligible Institution) signatures guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution must be submitted prior to the release of such Shares. In
addition, such notice must specify, in the case of Shares tendered by delivery
of certificates, the name of the registered holder (if different from that of
the tendering stockholder) and the serial numbers shown on the particular
certificates evidencing the Shares to be withdrawn or, in the case of Shares
tendered by book-entry transfer, the name and number of the account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares.
Withdrawals may not be rescinded, and Shares withdrawn will thereafter be deemed
not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be
re-tendered by again following one of the procedures described in Section 4 of
the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to the Expiration Date.

           Purchaser will determine, in its discretion, all questions as to the
form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal, and
its determination shall be final and binding. None of Mentor Graphics,
Purchaser, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be
under any duty to give notification of any defect or irregularity in any notice
of withdrawal or waiver of any such defect or irregularity or incur any
liability for failure to give any such notification.

           The Company has provided Purchaser with the Company's stockholder
list and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer
to holders of Shares. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal
and other related materials are being mailed to record holders of Shares and
will be furnished to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and
similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the
stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing
agency's security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial
owners of Shares.

           The information required to be disclosed by Exchange Act Rule
14d-6(d)(1) is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by
reference.

           THE OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH SHOULD BE READ BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH
RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

           Questions and requests for assistance or for copies of the Offer to
Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal, and other Offer materials, may
be directed to the Information Agent as set forth below, and copies will be
furnished promptly at Purchaser's expense. No fees or commissions will be paid
to brokers, dealers or other persons (other than the Information Agent) for
soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer.

                     THE INFORMATION AGENT FOR THE OFFER IS:

                                [Mackenzie Logo]

                               105 Madison Avenue
                            New York, New York 10016
                          (212) 929-5500 (call collect)
                       E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
                                       or
                          Call Toll-Free (800) 322-2885

                                 April 30, 2002

EX-99.(B)(1)

f81012tex99-b1.txt

EXHIBIT 99.(B)(1)

                                                                  Exhibit (b)(1)
                              BRIDGE LOAN AGREEMENT

                           DATED AS OF APRIL 23, 2002

                                      AMONG

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION,

                             BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

                                    AS AGENT,

                                       AND

                  THE OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO

                                   ARRANGED BY

                         BANC OF AMERICA SECURITIES LLC

                                

                                                                                                              PAGE
                                                                                                              ----

ARTICLE I                  DEFINITIONS...........................................................................1

       1.01                Certain Defined Terms.................................................................1

       1.02                Other Interpretive Provisions........................................................18

       1.03                Accounting Principles................................................................18

       1.04                Designation of Unrestricted Subsidiaries.............................................19

ARTICLE II                 THE CREDITS..........................................................................19

       2.01                Amounts and Terms of Commitments.....................................................19

       2.02                Loan Accounts........................................................................20

       2.03                Procedure for Borrowing..............................................................20

       2.04                Conversion and Continuation Elections................................................21

       2.05                Voluntary Termination or Reduction of Commitments....................................22

       2.06                Prepayments..........................................................................22

       2.07                Repayment............................................................................23

       2.08                Interest.............................................................................23

       2.09                Fees.................................................................................23

       2.10                Computation of Fees and Interest.....................................................24

       2.11                Payments by the Company..............................................................24

       2.12                Payments by the Banks to the Agent...................................................25

       2.13                Sharing of Payments, Etc.............................................................25

ARTICLE III                TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY...............................................26

       3.01                Taxes................................................................................26

       3.02                Illegality...........................................................................27

       3.03                Increased Costs and Reduction of Return..............................................27

       3.04                Funding Losses.......................................................................28

       3.05                Inability to Determine Rates.........................................................29

       3.06                Reserves on Offshore Rate Loans......................................................29

       3.07                Certificates of Banks................................................................29

       3.08                Delay................................................................................29

       3.09                Substitution of Banks................................................................30

                                       -i-

                                
                                  (continued)

                                                                                                              PAGE
                                                                                                              ----

       3.10                Survival.............................................................................30

ARTICLE IV                 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.................................................................30

       4.01                Conditions to Effectiveness of Agreement.............................................30

       4.02                Conditions to All Borrowings and to Conversion/Continuation of Loans.................31

       4.03                Additional Conditions Precedent to Initial Loans.....................................32

ARTICLE V                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.......................................................32

       5.01                Corporate Existence and Power........................................................32

       5.02                Corporate Authorization; No Contravention............................................33

       5.03                Governmental Authorization...........................................................33

       5.04                Binding Effect.......................................................................33

       5.05                Litigation...........................................................................33

       5.06                No Default...........................................................................34

       5.07                ERISA Compliance.....................................................................34

       5.08                Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations..................................................35

       5.09                Title to Properties..................................................................35

       5.10                Taxes................................................................................35

       5.11                Financial Condition..................................................................35

       5.12                Environmental Matters................................................................35

       5.13                Regulated Entities...................................................................36

       5.14                No Burdensome Restrictions...........................................................36

       5.15                Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks and Licenses, etc....................................36

       5.16                Subsidiaries.........................................................................36

       5.17                Insurance............................................................................36

       5.18                Swap Obligations.....................................................................36

       5.19                Full Disclosure......................................................................37

ARTICLE VI                 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS................................................................37

       6.01                Financial Statements.................................................................37

       6.02                Certificates; Other Information......................................................37

                                      -ii-

                                
                                  (continued)

                                                                                                              PAGE
                                                                                                              ----

       6.03                Notices..............................................................................38

       6.04                Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.............................................39

       6.05                Maintenance of Property..............................................................40

       6.06                Insurance............................................................................40

       6.07                Payment of Obligations...............................................................40

       6.08                Compliance with Laws.................................................................40

       6.09                Compliance with ERISA................................................................40

       6.10                Inspection of Property and Books and Records.........................................40

       6.11                Environmental Laws...................................................................41

       6.12                Use of Proceeds......................................................................41

       6.13                IKOS Acquisition.....................................................................41

       6.14                Innoveda Acquisition.................................................................41

ARTICLE VII                NEGATIVE COVENANTS...................................................................41

       7.01                Limitation on Liens..................................................................41

       7.02                Disposition of Assets................................................................43

       7.03                Consolidations and Mergers...........................................................45

       7.04                Loans and Investments................................................................45

       7.05                Limitation on Indebtedness...........................................................46

       7.06                Transactions with Affiliates.........................................................47

       7.07                Use of Proceeds......................................................................47

       7.08                Contingent Obligations...............................................................48

       7.09                Lease Obligations....................................................................48

       7.10                Restricted Payments..................................................................49

       7.11                ERISA................................................................................49

       7.12                Change in Business...................................................................49

       7.13                Accounting Changes...................................................................49

       7.14                Financial Covenants..................................................................49

       7.15                Amendments to Terms of Innoveda Acquisition..........................................51

ARTICLE VIII               EVENTS OF DEFAULT....................................................................51

                                      -iii-

                                
                                  (continued)

                                                                                                              PAGE
                                                                                                              ----

       8.01                Event of Default.....................................................................51

       8.02                Remedies.............................................................................53

       8.03                Rights Not Exclusive.................................................................53

ARTICLE IX                 THE AGENT............................................................................53

       9.01                Appointment and Authorization of Agent...............................................53

       9.02                Delegation of Duties.................................................................54

       9.03                Liability of Agent...................................................................54

       9.04                Reliance by Agent....................................................................54

       9.05                Notice of Default....................................................................55

       9.06                Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agent..................................55

       9.07                Indemnification of Agent.............................................................56

       9.08                Agent in its Individual Capacity.....................................................56

       9.09                Successor Agent......................................................................56

ARTICLE X                  MISCELLANEOUS........................................................................57

       10.01               Amendments, Etc......................................................................57

       10.02               Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies...................................58

       10.03               No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.......................................................59

       10.04               Attorney Costs, Expenses and Taxes...................................................59

       10.05               Indemnification by the Company.......................................................59

       10.06               Payments Set Aside...................................................................60

       10.07               Successors and Assigns...............................................................60

       10.08               Confidentiality......................................................................62

       10.09               Set-off..............................................................................63

       10.10               Automatic Debits of Fees.............................................................63

       10.11               Interest Rate Limitation.............................................................63

       10.12               Counterparts.........................................................................63

       10.13               Integration..........................................................................64

       10.14               Survival of Representations and Warranties...........................................64

       10.15               Severability.........................................................................64

                                      -iv-

                                
                                  (continued)

                                                                                                              PAGE
                                                                                                              ----

       10.16               Tax Forms............................................................................64

       10.17               Governing Law........................................................................65

       10.18               Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury.....................................................65

                                      -v-

                                
                                   (CONTINUED)

SCHEDULES
Schedule 2.01 Commitments and Pro Rata Shares
Schedule 5.05 Litigation
Schedule 5.07 ERISA
Schedule 5.12 Environmental Matters
Schedule 5.15 Intellectual Property Matters
Schedule 5.16 Subsidiaries and Equity Investments
Schedule 5.17 Insurance Matters
Schedule 7.01 Permitted Liens
Schedule 7.02 Permitted Asset Dispositions
Schedule 7.04 Permitted Investments
Schedule 7.05 Permitted Indebtedness
Schedule 7.08 Contingent Obligations
Schedule 10.02 Offshore and Domestic Lending Offices, Addresses for Notices

EXHIBITS
Exhibit A             Form of Notice of Borrowing
Exhibit B             Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation
Exhibit C             Form of Compliance Certificate
Exhibit D-1           Form of Opinion of General Counsel of Company
Exhibit D-2           Form of Opinion of Latham & Watkins
Exhibit E             Form of Assignment and Assumption
Exhibit F             Form of Promissory Note
Exhibit G             Form of Notice of Designation of Unrestricted Subsidiary

                                       vi

                              BRIDGE LOAN AGREEMENT

                  This BRIDGE LOAN AGREEMENT is entered into as of April 23,
2002, among Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation (the "Company"),
the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement
(collectively, the "Banks"; individually, a "Bank"), and Bank of America, N.A.,
as administrative agent for the Banks.

                  WHEREAS, the Banks have agreed to make available to the
Company bridge loans upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements,
provisions and covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

         1.01     Certain Defined Terms. The following terms have the following
                  meanings:

                  "Acquisition" means any transaction or series of related
         transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly,
         in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a
         Person, or of any line of business or division of a Person; (b) the
         acquisition of in excess of 50% of the capital stock, partnership
         interests, membership interests or equity of any Person, or otherwise
         causing any Person to become a Subsidiary; or (c) a merger or
         consolidation or any other combination with another Person (other than
         a Person that is a Subsidiary) provided that the Company or the
         Subsidiary is the surviving entity.

                  "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, another Person
         that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
         Controls or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with the
         Person specified. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly,
         of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
         policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting
         power, by contract, or otherwise.

                  "Agent" means Bank of America in its capacity as
         administrative agent for the Banks hereunder, and any successor
         administrative agent arising under Section 9.09.

                  "Agent-Related Persons" means the Agent (including any
         successor administrative agent arising under Section 9.09), together
         with its Affiliates (including, in the case of Bank of America, the
         Arranger), and the officers, directors, employees, agents and
         attorneys-in-fact of such Persons and Affiliates.

                  "Agent's Payment Office" means the address for payments set
         forth in Schedule 10.02 or such other address as the Agent may from
         time to time specify.

                  "Agreement" means this Credit Agreement.

                  "Applicable Margin" means (a) with respect to Offshore Rate
         Loans (i) 2.50% for the period from and including the Closing Date to
         but excluding August 1, 2002, (ii) 3.25% for the period from and
         including August 1, 2002 to but excluding September 15, 2002, and (iii)
         4.25% thereafter; and (b) with respect to Base Rate Loans, (i) 1.25%
         for the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding
         August 1, 2002, (ii) 2.00% for the period from and including August 1,
         2002 to but excluding September 15, 2002, and (iii) 3.00% thereafter.

                  "Arranger" means Banc of America Securities LLC.

                  "ATI" means Accelerated Technology Inc.

                  "ATI Acquisition" means the Acquisition of ATI by the Company
         or a Subsidiary.

                  "Attorney Costs" means and includes all fees and disbursements
         of any law firm or other external counsel, the allocated cost of
         internal legal services and all disbursements of internal counsel.

                  "Attributable Indebtedness" means, on any date, (a) in respect
         of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that
         would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date
         in accordance with GAAP; and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease
         Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments
         under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such
         Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease
         were accounted for as a capital lease.

                  "Bank" has the meaning specified in the introductory clause
         hereto.

                  "Bank of America" means Bank of America, N.A., a national
         banking association.

                  "Bankruptcy Code" means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of
         1978 (11 U.S.C.Section 101, et seq.).

                  "Base Rate" means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum
         equal to the higher of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%; and
         (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced
         from time to time by Bank of America as its "prime rate." Such rate is
         a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank
         of America's costs and desired return, general economic conditions and
         other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans,
         which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change
         in such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the
         opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of
         such change.

                  "Base Rate Loan" means a Loan that bears interest based on the
         Base Rate.

                  "Borrowing" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of Loans of
         the same Type made to the Company on the same day by the Banks under
         Article II, and, other than in the case of Base Rate Loans, having the
         same Interest Period.

                  "Borrowing Date" means any date on which a Borrowing occurs
         under Section 2.03.

                  "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or
         other day on which commercial banks in New York City, San Francisco,
         California, or Portland, Oregon, are authorized or required by law to
         close and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Offshore Rate
         Loan, means such a day on which dealings are carried on in the
         applicable offshore dollar interbank market.

                  "Capital Adequacy Regulation" means any guideline, request or
         directive of any central bank or other Governmental Authority, or any
         other law, rule or regulation, whether or not having the force of law,
         in each case, regarding capital adequacy of any bank or of any
         corporation controlling a bank.

                  "Cash Equivalents" means:

                  (a)      securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by
         the United States Government or any agency thereof having maturities of
         not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition;

                  (b)      certificates of deposit, time deposits, Eurodollar
         time deposits, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, or
         bankers' acceptances, having in each case a tenor of not more than 12
         months, issued by (i) any U.S. commercial bank or any commercial bank
         organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the
         Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (but including,
         in any event, Singapore, Israel, India and Egypt), or a political
         subdivision of any such country, in each case having combined capital
         and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 and whose short-term
         securities are rated at least A-1 by Standard & Poor's Corporation
         ("S&P") or at least P-1 by Moody's Investor Service, Inc. ("Moody's"),
         or (ii) any Bank;

                  (c)      taxable and tax-exempt commercial paper of an issuer
         rated at least A-l by S&P or at least P-l by Moody's and in either case
         having a tenor of not more than 270 days;

                  (d)      medium term notes of an issuer rated at least AA by
         S&P or at least Aa2 by Moody's and having a remaining term of not more
         than 12 months after the date of acquisition by the Company or its
         Subsidiaries;

                  (e)      municipal notes and bonds which are rated at least
         SP-2 or AA by S&P or at least MIG-2 or Aa by Moody's with tenors of not
         more than 12 months;

                  (f)      investments in taxable or tax-exempt money market
         funds with assets greater than $500,000,000 and whose assets have
         average maturities less than or equal to 180 days and are rated at
         least A-l by S&P or at least P-l by Moody's;

                  (g)      money market preferred instruments of an issuer rated
         at least A-1 by S&P or at least P-1 by Moody's with tenors of not more
         than 12 months; or

                  (h)      other similar investments, subject to the Majority
         Banks' prior written approval.

                  "Change of Control" means, with respect to any Person, an
         event or series of events by which:

                  (a)      any "person" or "group" (as such terms are used in
         Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any
         employee benefit plan of such Person or its subsidiaries, and any
         Person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other
         fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the "beneficial
         owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act,
         except that a person or group shall be deemed to have "beneficial
         ownership" of all securities that such person or group has the right to
         acquire (such right, an "option right"), so long as exercisable within
         60 days, directly or indirectly, of 35% or more of the equity
         securities of such Person entitled to vote for members of the board of
         directors or equivalent governing body of such Person; or

                  (b)      during any period of 12 consecutive months, a
         majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent
         governing body of such Person cease to be composed of individuals (i)
         who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the
         first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that
         board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred
         to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or
         nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing
         body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other
         equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in
         clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or
         nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing
         body.

                  "Closing Date" means the date on which all conditions
         precedent set forth in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived by all
         Banks (or, in the case of subsection 4.01(e), waived by the Person
         entitled to receive such payment).

                  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and
         regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "Commitment", as to each Bank, has the meaning specified in
         Section 2.01.

                  "Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in
         the form of Exhibit C.

                  "Consolidated EBITDA" means, for any period, for the Company
         and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the
         sum of (a) Consolidated Net Income; (b) Consolidated Interest Charges;
         (c) the amount of taxes, based on or measured by income, used or
         included in the determination of such Consolidated Net Income; (d) the
         amount of depreciation and amortization expense deducted in determining
         such Consolidated Net Income; (e) restructuring charges taken in the
         third and fourth fiscal quarters of fiscal year 2001 and the first
         fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2002; and (f) any Acquisition-related
         expenses, restructuring charges and write-offs (relating to in-process

         research and development, goodwill and other intangibles associated
         with the ATI Acquisition, the IKOS Acquisition or the Innoveda
         Acquisition) taken in the fiscal quarter in which consummation of the
         applicable Acquisition occurs or in the immediately following fiscal
         quarter.

                  "Consolidated Funded Indebtedness" means, as of any date of
         determination, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated
         basis, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of all
         obligations, whether current or long-term, for borrowed money
         (including Obligations hereunder) and all obligations evidenced by
         bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments;
         (b) Attributable Indebtedness (other than that of ATI, IKOS and
         Innoveda) in respect of capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations;
         and (c) without duplication, all Guaranty Obligations with respect to
         Indebtedness of the types specified in subsections (a) and (b) above of
         Persons other than the Company or any Subsidiary, except with respect
         to automobile leasing programs for employees in Europe.

                  "Consolidated Interest Charges" means, for any period, for the
         Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a)
         all interest, premium payments, fees, charges and related expenses of
         the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with borrowed money
         (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred
         purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as
         interest in accordance with GAAP; and (b) the portion of rent expense
         of the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to such period under
         capital leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP.

                  "Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, for the
         Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the net income of
         the Company and its Subsidiaries.

                  "Consolidated Tangible Net Worth" means, at any time of
         determination, in respect of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
         determined on a consolidated basis, total assets (exclusive of
         goodwill, trademarks, trade names, organization expense, treasury
         stock, unamortized debt discount and premium and other like
         intangibles) minus total liabilities (including accrued and deferred
         income taxes), at such time, all as determined in accordance with GAAP.

                  "Contingent Obligation" means, as to any Person, any direct or
         indirect liability of that Person, whether or not contingent, with or
         without recourse, (a) with respect to any Indebtedness, lease,
         dividend, letter of credit or other obligation (the "primary
         obligations") of another Person (the "primary obligor") including any
         obligation of that Person (i) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise
         acquire such primary obligations or any security therefor, (ii) to
         advance or provide funds for the payment or discharge of any such
         primary obligation or to maintain working capital or equity capital of
         the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency
         or any balance sheet item, level of income or financial condition of
         the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services
         primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary
         obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of
         such primary obligation, or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless
         the holder of any such primary

         obligation against loss in respect thereof (each, a "Guaranty
         Obligation"); (b) with respect to any Surety Instrument issued for the
         account of that Person or as to which that Person is otherwise liable
         for reimbursement of drawings or payments; (c) to purchase any
         materials, supplies or other property from, or to obtain the services
         of, another Person if the relevant contract or other related document
         or obligation requires that payment for such materials, supplies or
         other property, or for such services, shall be made regardless of
         whether delivery of such materials, supplies or other property is ever
         made or tendered, or such services are ever performed or tendered; or
         (d) in respect of any Swap Contract. The amount of any Contingent
         Obligation shall, in the case of Guaranty Obligations, be deemed equal
         to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation at the
         time of such determination in respect of which such Guaranty Obligation
         is made or, if not stated or if indeterminable, the maximum reasonably
         anticipated liability in respect thereof at the time of such
         determination, and in the case of other Contingent Obligations other
         than in respect of Swap Contracts, shall be equal to the maximum
         reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof and, in the case of
         Contingent Obligations in respect of Swap Contracts, shall be equal to
         the Swap Termination Value at the time of such determination.

                  "Contractual Obligation" means, as to any Person, any
         provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement,
         undertaking, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other
         instrument, document or agreement to which such Person is a party or by
         which it or any of its property is bound.

                  "Conversion/Continuation Date" means any date on which, under
         Section 2.04, the Company (a) converts Loans of one Type to another
         Type; or (b) continues as Loans of the same Type, but with a new
         Interest Period, Loans having Interest Periods expiring on such date.

                  "Default" means any event or circumstance which, with the
         giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, would (if not cured or
         otherwise remedied during such time) constitute an Event of Default.

                  "Dollars", "dollars" and "$" each mean lawful money of the
         United States.

                  "Eligible Assignee" means (a) a commercial bank organized
         under the laws of the United States, or any state thereof, and having a
         combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000; (b) a commercial
         bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of
         the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or a
         political subdivision of any such country, and having a combined
         capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000, provided that such bank
         is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States; (c)
         a Person that is primarily engaged in the business of commercial
         banking and that is (i) a Subsidiary of an Initial Bank or Eligible
         Assignee, (ii) a Subsidiary of a Person of which an Initial Bank or
         Eligible Assignee is a Subsidiary, or (iii) a Person of which an
         Initial Bank or Eligible Assignee is a Subsidiary; and (d) a Fund.

                  "Environmental Claims" means all claims, however asserted, by
         any Governmental Authority or other Person alleging potential liability
         or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law, including for
         release or injury to the environment.

                  "Environmental Laws" means all federal, state or local laws,
         statutes, common law duties, rules, regulations, ordinances and codes,
         together with all administrative orders, directed duties, requests,
         licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any
         Governmental Authorities, in each case relating to environmental,
         health, safety and land use matters.

                  "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
         1974, and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not
         incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning
         of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of
         the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the
         Code).

                  "ERISA Event" means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a
         Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate
         from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year
         in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section
         4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations which is treated as
         such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or
         partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a
         Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in
         reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the
         treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or
         4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to
         terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or
         condition which could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds
         under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment
         of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or
         (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA in excess
         of $1,000,000, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under
         Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate.

                  "Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances
         specified in Section 8.01.

                  "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and
         regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "Existing Credit Agreement" means the Credit Agreement dated
         as of January 10, 2001 by and among the Company, Bank of America, as
         administrative agent, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as documentation agent,
         Fleet National Bank, N.A., as syndication agent, and the other lenders
         party thereto, as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement
         dated as of January 24, 2002.

                  "Federal Funds Rate" means, for any day, the rate per annum
         equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
         transactions with members of

         the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such
         day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank on the Business Day next
         succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business
         Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such
         transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the
         next succeeding Business Day; and (b) if no such rate is so published
         on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such
         day shall be the average rate charged to Bank of America on such day on
         such transactions as determined by the Agent.

                  "Fee Letter" has the meaning specified in subsection 2.09(a).

                  "Foreign Bank" has the meaning specified in subsection
         10.16(a).

                  "FRB" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
         System, and any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its
         principal functions.

                  "Fund" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is
         (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise
         investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the
         ordinary course of its business. "Approved Fund" means any Fund that is
         administered or managed by (a) a Bank; (b) an Affiliate of a Bank; or
         (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages
         a Bank.

                  "Further Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes,
         levies, assessments, imposts, duties, deductions, fees, withholdings or
         similar charges (including, without limitation, net income taxes and
         franchise taxes), and all liabilities with respect thereto, imposed by
         any jurisdiction on account of amounts payable or paid pursuant to
         Section 3.01.

                  "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles set
         forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the
         Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified
         Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial
         Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of
         comparable stature and authority within the U.S. accounting
         profession), which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date
         of determination.

                  "Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any
         state or other political subdivision thereof, any central bank (or
         similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any entity
         exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
         administrative functions of or pertaining to government, and any
         corporation or other entity owned or controlled, through stock or
         capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing.

                  "Guaranty Obligation" has the meaning specified in the
         definition of "Contingent Obligation."

                  "Hazardous Materials" means all explosive radioactive
         substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or
         other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates,
         asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated

         biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other
         substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any
         Environmental Law.

                  "IKOS" means IKOS Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

                  "IKOS Acquisition" means the Acquisition of IKOS by the
         Company or a Subsidiary.

                  "IKOS Acquisition Date" means the date that the Company or a
         Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall have acquired more than 50% of the
         outstanding shares of the capital stock of IKOS.

                  "Indebtedness" of any Person means, without duplication, (a)
         all indebtedness for borrowed money; (b) all obligations issued,
         undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or
         services (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course
         of business on ordinary terms); (c) all non-contingent reimbursement or
         payment obligations with respect to Surety Instruments; (d) all
         obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar
         instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection
         with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses; (e) all
         indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other
         title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case
         with respect to property acquired by the Person (even though the rights
         and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of
         default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); (f) all
         obligations with respect to capital leases; (g) all indebtedness
         referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above secured by (or for which
         the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or
         otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in property (including
         accounts and contracts rights) owned by such Person, even though such
         Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such
         Indebtedness; and (h) all Guaranty Obligations in respect of
         indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in
         clauses (a) through (g) above; provided, however, that Indebtedness
         shall not include sales of Permitted Receivables sold pursuant to
         Permitted Receivables Purchase Facilities and indemnification, recourse
         or repurchase obligations thereunder. For all purposes of this
         Agreement, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include all recourse
         Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture in which such Person
         is a general partner or a joint venturer.

                  "Indemnified Liabilities" has the meaning specified in Section
         10.05.

                  "Indemnified Person" has the meaning specified in Section
         10.05.

                  "Independent Auditor" has the meaning specified in subsection
         6.01(a).

                  "Initial Bank" means a Bank party to this Agreement on the
         Closing Date.

                  "Innoveda" means Innoveda, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

                  "Innoveda Acquisition" means the Acquisition of Innoveda by
         the Company or a Subsidiary.

                  "Innoveda Acquisition Agreement" means the agreement between
         the Company and Innoveda pursuant to which the Innoveda Acquisition
         takes place.

                  "Insolvency Proceeding" means, with respect to any Person, (a)
         any case, action or proceeding with respect to such Person before any
         court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy,
         reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution,
         winding-up or relief of debtors; or (b) any general assignment for the
         benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors,
         or other, similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or
         any substantial portion of its creditors; undertaken under U.S.
         Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code.

                  "Interest Payment Date" means, as to any Loan other than a
         Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such
         Loan and, as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each
         calendar month.

                  "Interest Period" means, as to any Offshore Rate Loan, the
         period commencing on the Borrowing Date of such Loan or on the
         Conversion/Continuation Date on which the Loan is converted into or
         continued as an Offshore Rate Loan, and ending on the date one month
         thereafter; provided that:

                  (i)      if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day
         that is not a Business Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to
         the following Business Day unless, in the case of an Offshore Rate
         Loan, the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest
         Period into another calendar month, in which event such Interest Period
         shall end on the preceding Business Day;

                  (ii)     any Interest Period pertaining to an Offshore Rate
         Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a
         day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar
         month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last
         Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period;
         and

                  (iii)    no Interest Period for any Loan shall extend beyond
         October 31, 2002.

                  "IRS" means the Internal Revenue Service, and any Governmental
         Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions under the Code.

                  "Lending Office" means, as to any Bank, the office or offices
         of such Bank specified as its "Lending Office" or "Domestic Lending
         Office" or "Offshore Lending Office", as the case may be, set forth in
         Schedule 10.02, or such other office or offices as such Bank may from
         time to time notify the Company and the Agent.

                  "Lien" means any security interest, mortgage, deed of trust,
         pledge, hypothecation, assignment, charge or deposit arrangement,
         encumbrance, lien (statutory or other) or preferential arrangement of
         any kind or nature whatsoever in respect of any property (including
         those created by, arising under or evidenced by any conditional sale or
         other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a
         capital lease, any financing lease having substantially the same
         economic effect as any of the foregoing, or the filing of any financing
         statement naming the owner of the asset to which such lien

         relates as debtor, under the Uniform Commercial Code or any comparable
         law) and any contingent or other agreement to provide any of the
         foregoing, but not including the interest of a lessor under an
         operating lease or the interest of a purchaser of Permitted Receivables
         under any Permitted Receivables Purchase Facility.

                  "Loan" means an extension of credit by a Bank to the Company
         under Article II, and may be a Base Rate Loan or an Offshore Rate Loan
         (each, a "Type" of Loan).

                  "Loan Documents" means this Agreement, any Notes, the Fee
         Letter and all other documents delivered to the Agent or any Bank in
         connection herewith (other than the Existing Credit Agreement and any
         amendments thereto).

                  "Majority Banks" means, as of any date of determination, at
         least two Banks then holding more than 50% of the then aggregate unpaid
         principal amount of the Loans, or, if no such principal amount is then
         outstanding, at least two Banks then holding more than 50% of the
         Commitments.

                  "Margin Stock" means "margin stock" as such term is defined in
         Regulation T, U or X of the FRB.

                  "Material Adverse Effect" means (a) a material adverse change
         in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business,
         properties, condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its
         Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the
         ability of the Company to perform under any Loan Document and to avoid
         any Event of Default; or (c) a material impairment of the rights of or
         benefits available to the Banks or the Agent under any Loan Document.

                  "Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary which, for any
         period, has revenues or assets equal to or greater than 5% of the
         consolidated revenues or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
         taken as a whole, but in any event shall not include any Unrestricted
         Subsidiary.

                  "Multiemployer Plan" means a "multiemployer plan", within the
         meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any
         ERISA Affiliate makes, is making, or is obligated to make contributions
         or, during the preceding three calendar years, has made, or been
         obligated to make, contributions.

                  "Net Issuance Proceeds" means, as to any issuance of debt or
         equity by any Person, cash proceeds and non-cash proceeds received or
         receivable by such Person in connection therewith, net of commissions,
         normal underwriting fees and discounts and reasonable out-of-pocket
         costs and expenses paid or incurred in connection therewith in favor of
         any Person not an Affiliate of such Person.

                  "Net Sale Proceeds" means, with respect to any asset sale,
         cash payments (including any cash received by way of deferred payment
         pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but
         only as and when so received) received from such asset sale, net of any
         bona fide direct costs incurred in connection with such asset sale,
         including (a) income taxes reasonably estimated to be actually payable
         within two years

         of the date of such asset sale as a result of any gain recognized in
         connection therewith; and (b) payment of the outstanding principal
         amount of, premium or penalty, if any, and interest on any Indebtedness
         that is secured by a Lien on the stock or assets in question and that
         is required to be repaid under the terms thereof as a result of such
         asset sale.

                  "Note" means a promissory note executed by the Company in
         favor of a Bank pursuant to subsection 2.02(b), in substantially the
         form of Exhibit F.

                  "Notice of Borrowing" means a notice in substantially the form
         of Exhibit A.

                  "Notice of Conversion/Continuation" means a notice in
         substantially the form of Exhibit B.

                  "Notice of Designation" has the meaning set forth in
         subsection 1.04(b).

                  "Obligations" means all advances, debts, liabilities,
         obligations, covenants and duties arising under any Loan Document owing
         by the Company to any Bank, the Agent, or any Indemnified Person,
         whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment),
         absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter
         arising and including interest that accrues after the commencement by
         or against the Company or any Affiliate thereof of any Insolvency
         Proceeding.

                  "Offshore Rate" means, for any Interest Period, with respect
         to Offshore Rate Loans:

                  (a)      the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by
         the Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the page of the
         Telerate screen (or any successor thereto) that displays an average
         British Bankers Association Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in
         Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a
         term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately
         11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of
         such Interest Period; or

                  (b)      if the rate referenced in the preceding subsection
         (a) does not appear on such page or service or such page or service
         shall cease to be available, the rate per annum equal to the rate
         determined by the Agent to be the offered rate on such other page or
         other service that displays an average British Bankers Association
         Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in Dollars (for delivery on the
         first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such
         Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London
         time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period;
         or

                  (c)      if the rates referenced in the preceding subsections
         (a) and (b) are not available, the rate per annum determined by the
         Agent as the rate of interest at which deposits in Dollars for delivery
         on the first day of such Interest Period in same day funds in the
         approximate amount of the Offshore Rate Loan being made, continued or
         converted by Bank of America and with a term equivalent to such
         Interest Period would be offered by Bank of America's London Branch to
         major banks in the London interbank offshore market at their request at
         approximately 4:00 p.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the
         first day of such Interest Period.

            "Offshore Rate Loan" means a Loan that bears interest based on the
      Offshore Rate.

            "Organization Documents" means, (a) for any corporation, the
      certificate or articles of incorporation, the bylaws, any certificate of
      determination or instrument relating to the rights of preferred
      shareholders of such corporation, any shareholder rights agreement, and
      all applicable resolutions of the board of directors (or any committee
      thereof) of such corporation; and (b) for any Person not a corporation,
      the partnership agreement, operating agreement and/or such other documents
      which govern such Person.

            "Other Taxes" means any present or future stamp, court or
      documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or
      similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or from the
      execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or
      otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Documents.

            "Participant" has the meaning specified in subsection 10.07(d).

            "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any
      Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions under
      ERISA.

            "Pension Plan" means a pension plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of
      ERISA) subject to Title IV of ERISA which the Company sponsors, maintains,
      or to which it makes, is making, or is obligated to make contributions, or
      in the case of a multiple employer plan (as described in Section 4064(a)
      of ERISA) has made contributions at any time during the immediately
      preceding five (5) plan years.

            "Permitted Liens" has the meaning specified in Section 7.01.

            "Permitted Investments" means:

                  (a)   securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the
            United States Government or any agency thereof having maturities of
            not more than three years from the date of acquisition;

                  (b)   certificates of deposit, time deposits, Eurodollar time
            deposits, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, or
            bankers' acceptances, having in each case a tenor of not more than
            three years, issued by any U.S. commercial bank or any commercial
            bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member
            of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (but
            including, in any event, Singapore, Israel, India and Egypt), or a
            political subdivision of any such country, in each case having
            combined capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 and whose
            short-term securities are rated at least A-2 by Standard & Poor's
            Corporation ("S&P") or at least P-2 by Moody's Investor Service,
            Inc. ("Moody's");

                  (c)   taxable and tax-exempt commercial paper of an issuer
            rated at least A-2 by S&P or at least P-2 by Moody's and in either
            case having a tenor of not more than 270 days;

                  (d)   medium term notes of an issuer rated at least AA by S&P
            or at least Aa2 by Moody's and having a remaining term of not more
            than three years after the date of acquisition by the Company or its
            Subsidiaries;

                  (e)   municipal notes and bonds which are rated at least SP-2
            or AA by S&P or at least MIG-2 or Aa by Moody's with tenors of not
            more than three years;

                  (f)   investments in taxable or tax-exempt money market funds
            with assets greater than $500,000,000 and whose assets have average
            maturities less than or equal to 180 days and are rated at least A-2
            by S&P or at least P-2 by Moody's;

                  (g)   money market preferred instruments of an issuer rated at
            least A-2 by S&P or at least P-2 by Moody's with tenors of not more
            than three years; or

                  (h)   other similar investments, subject to the Majority
            Banks' prior written approval.

            "Permitted Receivables" shall mean all obligations of any obligor
      (whether now existing or hereafter arising) under a contract for sale of
      goods or services by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including any
      obligation of such obligor (whether now existing or hereafter arising) to
      pay interest, finance charges or amounts with respect thereto, and, with
      respect to any of the foregoing receivables or obligations, (a) all of the
      interest of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the goods (including
      returned goods) the sale of which gave rise to such receivable or
      obligation after the passage of title thereto to any obligor; (b) all
      other Liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to
      secure payment of such receivables or obligations; and (c) all guarantees,
      insurance, letters of credit and other agreements or arrangements of
      whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of any
      such receivables or obligations.

            "Permitted Receivables Purchase Facility" shall mean any agreement
      of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries providing for sales, transfers
      or conveyances of Permitted Receivables purporting to be sales (and
      considered sales under GAAP) that do not provide, directly or indirectly,
      for recourse against the seller of such Permitted Receivables (or against
      any of such seller's Affiliates) by way of a guaranty or any other support
      arrangement, with respect to the amount of such Permitted Receivables
      (based on the financial condition or circumstances of the obligor
      thereunder), other than such limited recourse as is reasonable given
      market standards for transactions of a similar type, taking into account
      such factors as product performance and product acceptance.

            "Permitted Swap Obligations" means all obligations (contingent or
      otherwise) of the Company or any Subsidiary existing or arising under Swap
      Contracts, provided that each of the following criteria is satisfied: (a)
      such obligations are (or were) entered into

      by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of
      directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments or
      assets held by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued
      by such Person in conjunction with a securities repurchase program not
      otherwise prohibited hereunder, and not for purposes of speculation or
      taking a "market view;" and (b) such Swap Contracts do not contain (i) any
      provision ("walk-away" provision) exonerating the non-defaulting party
      from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the
      defaulting party, or (ii) any provision creating or permitting the
      declaration of an event of default, termination event or similar event
      upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder (other than an Event
      of Default under subsection 8.01(a)).

            "Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited
      liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust,
      unincorporated association, joint venture or Governmental Authority.

            "Plan" means an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of
      ERISA) which the Company sponsors or maintains or to which the Company
      makes, is making, or is obligated to make contributions and includes any
      Pension Plan.

            "Pro Rata Share" means, as to any Bank at any time, the percentage
      equivalent (expressed as a decimal, rounded to the ninth decimal place) at
      such time of such Bank's Commitment divided by the combined Commitments of
      all Banks (or, if all Commitments have been terminated, the aggregate
      principal amount of such Bank's Loans divided by the aggregate principal
      amount of the Loans then held by all Banks).

            "Register" has the meaning specified in subsection 10.07(c).

            "Replacement Bank" has the meaning specified in Section 3.09.

            "Reportable Event" means, any of the events set forth in Section
      4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations thereunder, other than any such event
      for which the 30-day notice requirement under ERISA has been waived in
      regulations issued by the PBGC.

            "Requirement of Law" means, as to any Person, any law (statutory or
      common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or
      of a Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon
      the Person or any of its property or to which the Person or any of its
      property is subject.

            "Responsible Officer" means the chief financial officer, the chief
      operating officer or the treasurer of the Company, or any other officer
      having substantially the same authority and responsibility; or, with
      respect to compliance with financial covenants, any of the above officers
      or the chief accounting officer of the Company, or any other officer
      having substantially the same authority and responsibility.

            "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any
      Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

            "Subordinated Indebtedness" means Indebtedness incurred from time to
      time and subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations hereunder.

            "Subsidiary" of a Person means any corporation, association,
      partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other business
      entity of which more than 50% of the voting stock, membership interests or
      other equity interests (in the case of Persons other than corporations),
      is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the Person, or one or
      more of the Subsidiaries of the Person, or a combination thereof, but in
      any event shall not include any Unrestricted Subsidiary other than for
      purposes of Sections 6.01, 7.07 and 7.14(b). Unless the context otherwise
      clearly requires, references herein to a "Subsidiary" or to "Subsidiaries"
      refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company.

            "Surety Instruments" means all letters of credit (including standby
      and commercial), banker's acceptances, bank guaranties, shipside bonds,
      surety bonds and similar instruments.

            "Swap Contract" means any agreement, whether or not in writing,
      relating to any transaction that is a rate swap, basis swap, forward rate
      transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap
      or option, bond, note or bill option, interest rate option, forward
      foreign exchange transaction, cap, collar or floor transaction, currency
      swap, cross-currency rate swap, swaption, currency option or any other,
      similar transaction (including any option to enter into any of the
      foregoing) or any combination of the foregoing, and, unless the context
      otherwise clearly requires, any master agreement relating to or governing
      any or all of the foregoing.

            "Swap Termination Value" means, in respect of any one or more Swap
      Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
      netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or
      after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination
      value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s),
      and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a) the
      amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap
      Contracts, as determined by the Company based upon one or more mid-market
      or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in
      such Swap Contracts (which may include any Bank).

            "Synthetic Lease Obligation" means the monetary obligation of a
      Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention
      lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating
      obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but
      which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be
      characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to
      accounting treatment).

            "Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes, levies,
      assessments, imposts, duties, deductions, fees, withholdings or similar
      charges, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case
      of each Bank and the Agent, respectively, (a) taxes imposed on or measured
      by its net income by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision
      thereof) under the laws of which such Bank or the Agent, as the case may
      be, is

      organized or maintains a lending office; (b) withholding taxes imposed on
      amounts payable to a Bank (or the Agent) herewith at the time the Bank (or
      the Agent) became a party to this Agreement (irrespective of compliance
      with Section 10.16); and (c) any taxes attributed to the failure or
      inability of a Bank (or the Agent) to comply with Section 10.16; provided,
      however, that if a Bank (or the Agent) shall have complied with Section
      10.16 at the time it became a party to this Agreement, nothing in this
      Agreement shall relieve the Company of its obligation to pay any amounts
      pursuant to Section 3.01 in the event that, as a result of any change in
      any applicable law, treaty or governmental rule, regulation or order, or
      any change in the interpretation, administration or application thereof,
      subsequent to the date such Bank (or the Agent) became a party to this
      Agreement, the Bank (or the Agent) is no longer properly entitled to
      deliver forms, certificates or other evidence at a subsequent date
      establishing that the Bank (or the Agent) is entitled to an exemption
      from, or reduction of, withholding tax as described in Section 10.16.

            "Termination Date" means the earlier to occur of:

                  (a)   October 31, 2002; and

                  (b)   the date on which the Commitments terminate in
            accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

            "Type" has the meaning specified in the definition of "Loan."

            "Unfunded Pension Liability" means the excess of a Plan's benefit
      liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of
      that Plan's assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for
      funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the
      applicable plan year.

            "United States" and "U.S." each means the United States of America.

            "Unrestricted Subsidiary" shall mean any Subsidiary designated as
      such by the Company in accordance with Section 1.04.

            "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means any corporation in which (other than
      directors' qualifying shares required by law or other de minimis shares
      owned by third parties as required by law) 100% of the capital stock of
      each class having ordinary voting power, and 100% of the capital stock of
      every other class, in each case, at the time as of which any determination
      is being made, is owned, beneficially and of record, by the Company, or by
      one or more of the other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, or both.

            "Wilsonville Facility" means the Company's principal facility and
      headquarters located in Wilsonville, Oregon, and does not include any
      vacant land owned by the Company in Wilsonville, Oregon.

      1.02  Other Interpretive Provisions.

            (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the
singular and plural forms of the defined terms.

            (b) The words "hereof," "herein," "hereunder" and similar words
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement; and subsection, Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this
Agreement unless otherwise specified.

                  (i)   The term "documents" includes any and all instruments,
      documents, agreements, certificates, indentures, notices and other
      writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form.

                  (ii)  The term "including" is not limiting and means
      "including without limitation."

                  (iii) In the computation of periods of time from a specified
      date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and
      including"; the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding," and
      the word "through" means "to and including."

            (c) Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) references to
agreements (including this Agreement and the Existing Credit Agreement) and
other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent
amendments and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent such
amendments and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of any Loan
Document, and (ii) references to any statute or regulation are to be construed
as including all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending,
replacing, supplementing or interpreting the statute or regulation.

            (d) The captions and headings of this Agreement are for convenience
of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

            (e) This Agreement and other Loan Documents may use several
different limitations, tests or measurements to regulate the same or similar
matters. All such limitations, tests and measurements are cumulative and shall
each be performed in accordance with their terms. Unless otherwise expressly
provided, any reference to any action of the Agent or the Banks by way of
consent, approval or waiver shall be deemed modified by the phrase "in its/their
sole discretion."

            (f) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are the result of
negotiations among and have been reviewed by counsel to the Agent, the Company
and the other parties, and are the products of all parties. Accordingly, they
shall not be construed against the Banks or the Agent merely because of the
Agent's or Banks' involvement in their preparation.

      1.03  Accounting Principles.

            (a) Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, all accounting
terms not expressly defined herein shall be construed, and all financial
computations required under this Agreement shall be made, in accordance with
GAAP, consistently applied.

            (b) References herein to "fiscal year" and "fiscal quarter" refer to
such fiscal periods of the Company.

            (c) If the Company or the Majority Banks notify the Agent that the
Company or the Majority Banks, as the case may be, desire to amend any covenant
in Article VII or any definition relating thereto to eliminate the effect of any
change in GAAP occurring after the Closing Date on the operation of any such
covenant, then the Company's compliance with such covenant shall be determined
in accordance with GAAP as in effect immediately prior to such change in GAAP
until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant or related definition is
amended in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Majority
Banks.

      1.04  Designation of Unrestricted Subsidiaries.

            (a) The Company, at its option, may from time to time designate any
Subsidiary as an "Unrestricted Subsidiary" for purposes hereof in accordance
with the following: (i) any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary may be
designated by the Company as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in its sole discretion,
(ii) any Material Subsidiary may be designated by the Company as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary only with the prior written consent of the Majority Banks; provided,
however, no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if (A)
immediately after giving effect to any such designation, the aggregate revenues
or aggregate assets of all Unrestricted Subsidiaries shall exceed 15% of the
aggregate revenues or aggregate assets of the Company, its Subsidiaries and its
Unrestricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (B) any Default or Event of
Default then exists or would result from any such designation.

            (b) Whenever the Company desires to designate a Subsidiary as an
Unrestricted Subsidiary, the Company shall provide to the Agent a Notice of
Designation of Unrestricted Subsidiary (a "Notice of Designation") in
substantially the form of Exhibit G signed by a Responsible Officer. Subject to
the preceding subsection (a), any designation by the Company of an Unrestricted
Subsidiary shall become effective (i) in the case of any Subsidiary that is not
a Material Subsidiary, three Business Days after the Agent's receipt of a
completed Notice of Designation in respect of such Subsidiary, and (ii) in the
case of any Material Subsidiary, upon the written consent of the Majority Banks.
In the case of the preceding clause (ii), the Majority Banks shall use
good-faith efforts to consent to or deny the Company's request to designate a
Material Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary within 30 days of the Agent's
receipt of a completed Notice of Designation in respect of such Material
Subsidiary.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                   THE CREDITS

      2.01  Amounts and Terms of Commitments. Each Bank severally agrees, on the
terms and conditions set forth herein, to make loans to the Company from time to
time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the
Termination Date in an aggregate amount of $125,000,000, each such Bank
committing to lend the amount set forth opposite the name of such Bank on
Schedule 2.01 (such amount as the same may be reduced under Section 2.05 or as a
result of one or more assignments under Section 10.07 (but not as a result of
the making of any Loans), the Bank's "Commitment"); provided, however, that,
after giving effect to any

Borrowing, the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans shall not at
any time exceed the combined Commitments.

      2.02  Loan Accounts.

            (a) The Loans made by each Bank shall be evidenced by one or more
loan accounts or records maintained by such Bank in the ordinary course of
business. The loan accounts or records maintained by the Agent and each Bank
shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Loans made by the
Banks to the Company and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure so to
record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect
the obligation of the Company hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to
the Loans.

            (b) Upon the request of any Bank made through the Agent, the Loans
made by such Bank may be evidenced by one or more Notes, instead of or in
addition to loan accounts. Each such Bank shall endorse on the schedules annexed
to its Note(s) the date, amount and maturity of each Loan made by it and the
amount of each payment of principal made by the Company with respect thereto.
Each such Bank is irrevocably authorized by the Company to endorse its Note(s)
and each Bank's record shall be conclusive absent manifest error; provided,
however, that the failure of a Bank to make, or an error in making, a notation
thereon with respect to any Loan shall not limit or otherwise affect the
obligations of the Company hereunder or under any such Note to such Bank.

      2.03  Procedure for Borrowing.

            (a) Each Borrowing shall be made upon the Company's irrevocable
written notice delivered to the Agent in the form of a Notice of Borrowing
(which notice must be received by the Agent prior to 9:00 a.m. (San Francisco
time)) (i) three Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the
case of Offshore Rate Loans, or (ii) on the requested Borrowing Date, in the
case of Base Rate Loans, specifying:

                        (A) the amount of the Borrowing, which shall be in an
            aggregate minimum amount of $10,000,000, in the case of Offshore
            Rate Loans, or $5,000,000, in the case of Base Rate Loans, or any
            multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof;

                        (B) the requested Borrowing Date, which shall be a
            Business Day; and

                        (C) the Type of Loans comprising the Borrowing.

            (b) The Agent will promptly notify each Bank of its receipt of any
Notice of Borrowing and of the amount of such Bank's Pro Rata Share of that
Borrowing.

            (c) Each Bank will make the amount of its Pro Rata Share of each
Borrowing available to the Agent for the account of the Company at the Agent's
Payment Office by 11:00 a.m. (San Francisco time) on the Borrowing Date
requested by the Company in funds immediately available to the Agent. The
proceeds of all such Loans will then be made available

to the Company by the Agent at such office by crediting the account of the
Company on the books of the Agent with the aggregate of the amounts made
available to the Agent by the Banks and in like funds as received by the Agent.

            (d) After giving effect to any Borrowing, unless the Agent shall
otherwise consent, there may not be more than six Interest Periods in effect.

      2.04  Conversion and Continuation Elections.

            (a) The Company may, upon irrevocable written notice to the Agent in
accordance with subsection 2.04(b):

                  (i)   elect, as of any Business Day, in the case of Base Rate
      Loans, or as of the last day of the applicable Interest Period, in the
      case of any other Type of Loans, to convert any such Loans (or any part
      thereof in an amount not less than $10,000,000, or that is in an integral
      multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof) into Loans of any other Type; or

                  (ii)  elect, as of the last day of the applicable Interest
      Period, to continue any Loans having Interest Periods expiring on such day
      (or any part thereof in an amount not less than $10,000,000, or that is in
      an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof);

provided, that if at any time the aggregate amount of Offshore Rate Loans in
respect of any Borrowing is reduced, by payment, prepayment, or conversion of
part thereof to be less than $10,000,000, such Offshore Rate Loans shall
automatically convert into Base Rate Loans, and on and after such date the right
of the Company to continue such Loans as, and convert such Loans into, Offshore
Rate Loans shall terminate.

            (b) The Company shall deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation to
be received by the Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. (San Francisco time) (i) three
Business Days in advance of the Conversion/Continuation Date, if the Loans are
to be converted into or continued as Offshore Rate Loans, and (ii) on the
Conversion/Continuation Date, if the Loans are to be converted into Base Rate
Loans, specifying:

                        (A) the proposed Conversion/Continuation Date;

                        (B) the aggregate amount of Loans to be converted or
            continued; and

                        (C) the Type of Loans resulting from the proposed
            conversion or continuation.

            (c) If upon the expiration of any Interest Period applicable to
Offshore Rate Loans, (i) the Company has failed to deliver a Notice of
Conversion/Continuation or (ii) any Default or Event of Default then exists, the
Company shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Offshore Rate Loans into
Base Rate Loans effective as of the expiration date of such Interest Period.

            (d) The Agent will promptly notify each Bank of its receipt of a
Notice of Conversion/Continuation, or, if no timely notice is provided by the
Company, the Agent will promptly notify each Bank of the details of any
automatic conversion. All conversions and continuations shall be made ratably
according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Loans with
respect to which the notice was given held by each Bank.

            (e) Unless the Majority Banks otherwise consent, during the
existence of a Default or Event of Default, the Company may not elect to have a
Loan converted into or continued as an Offshore Rate Loan.

            (f) After giving effect to any conversion or continuation of Loans,
unless the Agent shall otherwise consent, there may not be more than six
Interest Periods in effect.

      2.05  Voluntary Termination or Reduction of Commitments. The Company may,
upon not less than five Business Days' prior notice to the Agent, terminate the
Commitments or permanently reduce the Commitments in whole (but not in part).
Once reduced in accordance with this Section, the Commitments may not be
increased. Any reduction of the Commitments shall be applied to each Bank
according to its Pro Rata Share. All accrued commitment fees to, but not
including the effective date of any reduction or termination of Commitments,
shall be paid on the effective date of such reduction or termination.

      2.06  Prepayments.

            (a) Optional Prepayments. Subject to Section 3.04, the Company may,
at any time, (i) in the case of Offshore Rate Loans, upon not less than three
Business Days' irrevocable notice to the Agent, and (ii) in the case of Base
Rate Loans, upon irrevocable notice to the Agent given no later than 9:00 a.m.
(San Francisco time) on the date of prepayment, ratably prepay the Loans in
whole (but not in part). Such notice of prepayment shall specify the date and
amount of such prepayment. The Agent will promptly notify each Bank of its
receipt of any such notice, and of such Bank's Pro Rata Share of such
prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall make such
prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and
payable on the date specified therein, together with accrued interest to each
such date on the amount prepaid and any amounts required pursuant to Section
3.04.

            (b) Mandatory Prepayments and Mandatory Reductions of Commitments.
The Loans shall be prepaid and/or the Commitments shall be permanently reduced:

                  (i)   on the date of receipt by or on behalf of the Company of
      the cash Net Issuance Proceeds of any new equity issued by the Company, in
      an aggregate amount equal to such cash Net Issuance Proceeds, excluding
      any equity issued pursuant to employee stock purchase or option programs
      or paid as dividends;

                  (ii)  on the date of receipt by or on behalf of the Company or
      any of its Subsidiaries of the cash Net Issuance Proceeds of Indebtedness
      (other than Indebtedness permitted under subsections 7.05(a) through (f)),
      in an aggregate amount equal to such Net Issuance Proceeds, excluding (A)
      factored receivables in an aggregate amount not to exceed $40,000,000 (net
      of any repurchase obligations) and (B) drawings under other Indebtedness
      in an aggregate amount not to exceed $10,000,000; and

                  (iii) on the date of receipt by or on behalf of the Company or
      any of its Subsidiaries of the Net Sale Proceeds of the sale of the
      Wilsonville Facility, in an aggregate amount equal to such Net Sale
      Proceeds.

            (c) Amounts prepaid on the Loans pursuant to subsections (a) and (b)
above may not be reborrowed.

      2.07  Repayment. The Company shall repay to the Banks on the Termination
Date the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding on such date.

      2.08  Interest.

            (a) Each Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal
amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing Date at a rate per annum equal to
the Offshore Rate or the Base Rate, as the case may be (and subject to the
Company's right to convert to other Types of Loans under Section 2.04), plus the
Applicable Margin.

            (b) Interest on each Loan shall be paid in arrears on each Interest
Payment Date. Interest shall also be paid on the date of any prepayment of
Offshore Rate Loans under Section 2.06 for the portion of the Offshore Rate
Loans so prepaid and upon payment (including prepayment) in full thereof and,
during the existence of any Event of Default, interest shall be paid on demand
of the Agent at the request or with the consent of the Majority Banks.

            (c) Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this Section, if any amount of
principal of or interest on any Loan, or any other amount payable hereunder or
under any other Loan Document is not paid in full when due (whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration, demand or otherwise), the Company agrees to pay
interest on such unpaid principal or other amount, from the date such amount
becomes due until the date such amount is paid in full, and after as well as
before any entry of judgment thereon to the extent permitted by law, payable on
demand, at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the
Applicable Margin, plus 2%.

            (d) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations
of the Company to any Bank hereunder shall be subject to the limitation that
payments of interest shall not be required for any period for which interest is
computed hereunder, to the extent (but only to the extent) that contracting for
or receiving such payment by such Bank would be contrary to the provisions of
any law applicable to such Bank limiting the highest rate of interest that may
be lawfully contracted for, charged or received by such Bank, and in such event
the Company shall pay such Bank interest at the highest rate permitted by
applicable law.

      2.09  Fees.

            (a) Agency and Other Fees. The Company shall (i) pay an agency fee
to the Agent for the Agent's own account, and (ii) pay certain other fees to the
Agent, in each case in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter.
Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall be nonrefundable for any
reason whatsoever.

            (b) Commitment Fees. The Company shall pay to the Agent for the
account of each Bank a commitment fee of 0.50% on the actual daily unused
portion of such Bank's

Commitment, computed on a quarterly basis in arrears on the last Business Day of
each calendar quarter. Such commitment fee shall accrue from the earlier of (i)
the initial Borrowing Date, and (ii) July 1, 2002, to but excluding the
Termination Date and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last
Business Day of each calendar quarter during such period, with the final payment
to be made on the Termination Date. The commitment fees provided in this
subsection shall accrue at all times after the above-mentioned commencement
date, including at any time during which one or more conditions in Article IV
are not met.

      2.10  Computation of Fees and Interest.

            (a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base
Rate is determined by Bank of America's prime rate shall be made on the basis of
a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All
other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day
year and actual days elapsed (which results in more interest being paid than if
computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for
the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any
portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided
that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear
interest for one day.

            (b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Agent shall be
conclusive and binding on the Company and the Banks in the absence of manifest
error. The Agent will, at the request of the Company or any Bank, deliver to the
Company or the Bank, as the case may be, a statement showing the quotations used
by the Agent in determining any interest rate and the resulting interest rate.

      2.11  Payments by the Company.

            (a) All payments to be made by the Company shall be made without
set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, all payments by the Company shall be made to the Agent for the account
of the Banks at the Agent's Payment Office, and shall be made in dollars and in
immediately available funds, no later than 11:00 a.m. (San Francisco time) on
the date specified herein. The Agent will promptly distribute to each Bank its
Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as expressly provided herein) of such
payment in like funds as received. Any payment received by the Agent later than
11:00 a.m. (San Francisco time) shall be deemed to have been received on the
following Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to
accrue.

            (b) Subject to the provisions set forth in the definition of
"Interest Period" herein, whenever any payment is due on a day other than a
Business Day, such payment shall be made on the following Business Day, and such
extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of interest
or fees, as the case may be.

            (c) Unless the Agent receives notice from the Company prior to the
date on which any payment is due to the Banks that the Company will not make
such payment in full as and when required, the Agent may assume that the Company
has made such payment in full to the Agent on such date in immediately available
funds and the Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such
assumption, distribute to each Bank on such due date an amount

equal to the amount then due such Bank. If and to the extent the Company has not
made such payment in full to the Agent, each Bank shall repay to the Agent on
demand such amount distributed to such Bank, together with interest thereon at
the Federal Funds Rate for each day from the date such amount is distributed to
such Bank until the date repaid.

      2.12  Payments by the Banks to the Agent.

            (a) Unless the Agent receives notice from a Bank on or prior to the
Closing Date or, with respect to any Borrowing after the Closing Date, at least
one Business Day prior to the date of such Borrowing, that such Bank will not
make available as and when required hereunder to the Agent for the account of
the Company the amount of that Bank's Pro Rata Share of the Borrowing, the Agent
may assume that each Bank has made such amount available to the Agent in
immediately available funds on the Borrowing Date and the Agent may (but shall
not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the
Company on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent any Bank shall
not have made its full amount available to the Agent in immediately available
funds and the Agent in such circumstances has made available to the Company such
amount, that Bank shall on the Business Day following such Borrowing Date make
such amount available to the Agent, together with interest at the Federal Funds
Rate for each day during such period. A notice of the Agent submitted to any
Bank with respect to amounts owing under this subsection (a) shall be
conclusive, absent manifest error. If such amount is so made available, such
payment to the Agent shall constitute such Bank's Loan on the date of Borrowing
for all purposes of this Agreement. If such amount is not made available to the
Agent on the Business Day following the Borrowing Date, the Agent will notify
the Company of such failure to fund and, upon demand by the Agent, the Company
shall pay such amount to the Agent for the Agent's account, together with
interest thereon for each day elapsed since the date of such Borrowing, at a
rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable at the time to the Loans
comprising such Borrowing. Such payment by the Company to the Agent shall be
without prejudice to the Company's rights, if any, against the Bank which failed
to fund.

            (b) The failure of any Bank to make any Loan on any Borrowing Date
shall not relieve any other Bank of any obligation hereunder to make a Loan on
such Borrowing Date, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any
other Bank to make the Loan to be made by such other Bank on any Borrowing Date.

      2.13  Sharing of Payments, Etc. If, other than as expressly provided
elsewhere herein, any Bank shall obtain on account of the Loans made by it any
payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of
set-off, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share
contemplated hereunder), such Bank shall immediately (a) notify the Agent of
such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Banks such participations in the
Loans made by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Bank to share
the excess payment pro rata with each of them; provided, however, that if all or
any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing
Bank, such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Bank shall
repay to the purchasing Bank the purchase price paid therefor, together with an
amount equal to such paying Bank's ratable share (according to the proportion of
(i) the amount of such paying Bank's required repayment to (ii) the total amount
so recovered from the purchasing Bank) of any interest or other amount paid or
payable by the purchasing Bank in

respect of the total amount so recovered. The Company agrees that any Bank so
purchasing a participation from another Bank may, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of
set-off, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect to such participation as
fully as if such Bank were the direct creditor of the Company in the amount of
such participation. The Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and
binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this
Section and will in each case notify the Banks following any such purchases or
repayments.

                                   ARTICLE III

                     TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

      3.01  Taxes.

            (a) Any and all payments by the Company to each Bank or the Agent
under this Agreement and any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear
of, and without deduction or withholding for, any Taxes. In addition, the
Company shall pay all Other Taxes.

            (b) If the Company shall be required by law to deduct or withhold
any Taxes, Other Taxes or Further Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable
hereunder to any Bank or the Agent, then:

                  (i)   the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that,
      after making all required deductions and withholdings (including
      deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under
      this Section), such Bank or the Agent, as the case may be, receives and
      retains an amount equal to the sum it would have received and retained had
      no such deductions or withholdings been made;

                  (ii)  the Company shall make such deductions and withholdings;

                  (iii) the Company shall pay the full amount deducted or
      withheld to the relevant taxing authority or other authority in accordance
      with applicable law; and

                  (iv)  the Company shall also pay to each Bank or the Agent for
      the account of such Bank, at the time interest is paid, Further Taxes in
      the amount that the respective Bank specifies as necessary to preserve the
      after-tax yield the Bank would have received if such Taxes, Other Taxes or
      Further Taxes had not been imposed.

            (c) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Bank and
the Agent for the full amount of (i) Taxes, (ii) Other Taxes, and (iii) Further
Taxes in the amount that the respective Bank specifies as necessary to preserve
the after-tax yield the Bank would have received if such Taxes, Other Taxes or
Further Taxes had not been imposed, and any liability (including penalties,
interest, additions to tax and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect
thereto, whether or not such Taxes, Other Taxes or Further Taxes were correctly
or legally asserted. Payment under this indemnification shall be made within 30
days after the date the Bank or the Agent makes written demand therefor.

            (d) Within 30 days after the date of any payment by the Company of
Taxes, Other Taxes or Further Taxes, the Company shall furnish to each Bank or
the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment
thereof, or other evidence of payment satisfactory to such Bank or the Agent.

            (e) If the Company is required to pay any amount to any Bank or the
Agent pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) of this Section, then such Bank shall
use reasonable efforts (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to
change the jurisdiction of its Lending Office so as to eliminate any such
additional payment by the Company which may thereafter accrue, if such change in
the sole judgment of such Bank is not otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank.

      3.02  Illegality.

            (a) If any Bank determines that the introduction of any Requirement
of Law, or any change in any Requirement of Law, or in the interpretation or
administration of any Requirement of Law, has made it unlawful, or that any
central bank or other Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful,
for any Bank or its applicable Lending Office to make Offshore Rate Loans, then,
on notice thereof by the Bank to the Company through the Agent, any obligation
of that Bank to make Offshore Rate Loans shall be suspended until the Bank
notifies the Agent and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such
determination no longer exist.

            (b) If a Bank determines that it is unlawful to maintain any
Offshore Rate Loan, the Company shall, upon its receipt of notice of such fact
and demand from such Bank (with a copy to the Agent), prepay in full such
Offshore Rate Loans of that Bank then outstanding, together with interest
accrued thereon and amounts required under Section 3.04, either on the last day
of the Interest Period thereof, if the Bank may lawfully continue to maintain
such Offshore Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Bank may not
lawfully continue to maintain such Offshore Rate Loan. If the Company is
required to so prepay any Offshore Rate Loan, then concurrently with such
prepayment, the Company shall borrow from the affected Bank, in the amount of
such repayment, a Base Rate Loan.

            (c) If the obligation of any Bank to make or maintain Offshore Rate
Loans has been so terminated or suspended, the Company may elect, by giving
notice to the Bank through the Agent that all Loans which would otherwise be
made by the Bank as Offshore Rate Loans shall be instead Base Rate Loans.

            (d) Before giving any notice to the Agent under this Section, the
affected Bank shall designate a different Lending Office with respect to its
Offshore Rate Loans if such designation will avoid the need for giving such
notice or making such demand and will not, in the judgment of the Bank, be
illegal or otherwise disadvantageous to the Bank.

      3.03  Increased Costs and Reduction of Return.

            (a) If any Bank determines that, due to either (i) the introduction
of or any change (other than any change by way of imposition of or increase in
reserve requirements included in the calculation of the Offshore Rate) in or in
the interpretation of any law or regulation, or (ii) the compliance by that Bank
with any guideline or request from any central bank or other

Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be
any increase in the cost to such Bank of agreeing to make or making, funding or
maintaining any Offshore Rate Loans, then the Company shall be liable for, and
shall from time to time, upon demand (with a copy of such demand to be sent to
the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of such Bank, additional amounts as
are sufficient to compensate such Bank for such increased costs; provided,
however, that (x) this subsection 3.03(a) shall not apply to matters covered by
Section 3.01 and (y) any increase, subsequent to the date a Bank (or the Agent)
became a party to this Agreement, in the rate or basis of computation of any tax
imposed on or measured by its net income by the jurisdiction (or any political
subdivisions thereof) under the laws of which such Bank or the Agent, as the
case may be, is organized or maintains a lending office shall not result in
increased costs for purposes of this subsection 3.03(a).

            (b) If any Bank shall have determined that (i) the introduction of
any Capital Adequacy Regulation, (ii) any change in any Capital Adequacy
Regulation, (iii) any change in the interpretation or administration of any
Capital Adequacy Regulation by any central bank or other Governmental Authority
charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or (iv) compliance by
the Bank (or its Lending Office) or any corporation controlling the Bank with
any Capital Adequacy Regulation, affects or would affect the amount of capital
required or expected to be maintained by the Bank or any corporation controlling
the Bank and (taking into consideration such Bank's or such corporation's
policies with respect to capital adequacy and such Bank's desired return on
capital) determines that the amount of such capital is increased as a
consequence of its Commitment, loans, credits or obligations under this
Agreement, then, upon demand of such Bank to the Company through the Agent, the
Company shall pay to the Bank, from time to time as specified by the Bank,
additional amounts sufficient to compensate the Bank for such increase.

      3.04  Funding Losses. The Company shall reimburse each Bank and hold each
Bank harmless from any loss or expense which the Bank may sustain or incur as a
consequence of:

            (a) the failure of the Company to make on a timely basis any payment
of principal of any Offshore Rate Loan;

            (b) the failure of the Company to borrow, continue or convert a Loan
after the Company has given (or is deemed to have given) a Notice of Borrowing
or a Notice of Conversion/Continuation;

            (c) the failure of the Company to make any prepayment in accordance
with any notice delivered under Section 2.06;

            (d) the prepayment (including pursuant to Section 2.06) or other
payment (including after acceleration thereof) of an Offshore Rate Loan on a day
that is not the last day of the relevant Interest Period; or

            (e) the automatic conversion under the proviso of subsection 2.04(a)
of any Offshore Rate Loan to a Base Rate Loan on a day that is not the last day
of the relevant Interest Period;

including any such loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment
of funds obtained by it to maintain its Offshore Rate Loans or from fees payable
to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. For purposes of
calculating amounts payable by the Company to the Banks under this Section and
under subsection 3.03(a), each Offshore Rate Loan made by a Bank (and each
related reserve, special deposit or similar requirement) shall be conclusively
deemed to have been funded at the LIBOR used in determining the Offshore Rate
for such Offshore Rate Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the
interbank Eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period,
whether or not such Offshore Rate Loan is in fact so funded.

      3.05  Inability to Determine Rates. If the Agent determines that for any
reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Offshore
Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Offshore Rate
Loan, or that the Offshore Rate applicable pursuant to subsection 2.08(a) for
any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Offshore Rate Loan does
not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Banks of funding such Loan,
the Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Bank. Thereafter, the
obligation of the Banks to make or maintain Offshore Rate Loans, as the case may
be, hereunder shall be suspended until the Agent revokes such notice in writing.
Upon receipt of such notice, the Company may revoke any Notice of Borrowing or
Notice of Conversion/Continuation then submitted by it. If the Company does not
revoke such Notice, the Banks shall make, convert or continue the Loans, as
proposed by the Company, in the amount specified in the applicable notice
submitted by the Company, but such Loans shall be made, converted or continued
as Base Rate Loans instead of Offshore Rate Loans.

      3.06  Reserves on Offshore Rate Loans. The Company shall pay to each Bank,
as long as such Bank shall be required under regulations of the FRB to maintain
reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including
Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as "Eurocurrency liabilities"