URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/743316/000109581101500299/0001095811-01-500299.txt

If there is any
dividend or other distribution on Maxim common stock with a record date after
the merger and a payment date prior to the date you surrender your Dallas
Semiconductor stock certificates in exchange for Maxim stock certificates, you
will receive the dividend or distribution with respect to the whole shares of
Maxim common stock issued to you promptly after they are issued.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     On November 16, 2000, Mr. C.V. Prothro, age 58, the founder, chairman of
the board and chief executive officer of Dallas Semiconductor died suddenly.
At
a meeting of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors on November 18, 2000, the
Interim Office of the Chief Executive was formed, with its members being the
non-employee directors of Dallas Semiconductor -- Richard L. King, M.D. Sampels
and Carmelo J. Santoro.
The Interim Office of the Chief Executive was created to
seek out and evaluate all available alternatives to replace the leadership lost
as a result of Mr. Prothro's death.

     
While no determination had been made as to any specific alternative, on or
about November 20, 2000, Mr. Sampels, with the concurrence of the Dallas
Semiconductor board of directors, identified several semiconductor companies
with strong management and leadership that might be candidates for a strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor.
The first call made by Mr.
Sampels was to Mr. Jack Gifford, the chairman of the board and chief executive
officer of Maxim.
Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford determined that there might be
some interest on the part of both parties in exploring the possibility of a
strategic business combination.
They scheduled a meeting at Maxim's offices for
December 7, 2000.
Prior to the meeting, Mr. Sampels provided Mr. Gifford certain
background information regarding Dallas Semiconductor.

     
On December 6, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone.
Mr.
Gifford informed Maxim's board of directors of his discussions with Mr. Sampels
and reviewed the current status and the background of a possible strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor.
Members of Maxim's senior
management provided an overview of Dallas Semiconductor's business, operations,
financial results, financial condition and prospects.
Mr. Gifford advised
Maxim's board of directors that he would report further following a meeting with
Dallas Semiconductor representatives.

     
On December 7, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Alan Hale, Dallas Semiconductor's
chief financial officer, met with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of
directors and senior management at Maxim's offices.
A general discussion of the
semiconductor industry and of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim ensued.
At the
conclusion of the meeting, both parties indicated further interest in exploring
the possibility of a strategic business combination and agreed to schedule a
follow-up meeting.

     
Mr. Sampels also received inquiries from other semiconductor companies.

These inquiries were reported to Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors and
Mr. Sampels, with the concurrence of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors,
followed up on these inquiries.
From this time up to the execution of the
definitive merger agreement, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale met with certain of these
companies to discuss in general terms the possibility of a strategic business
combination with Dallas Semiconductor.
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors
was kept apprised of the nature of these discussions.
These discussions,
however, remained general and exploratory in nature and definitive terms of a
possible transaction were not discussed.

     
On December 8, 2000, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors met.
The
current status of the company was discussed, and Mr. Sampels updated Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors on the discussions that had taken place with
Maxim and another potential candidate he had contacted, as well as interest
expressed by others in a possible strategic business combination.
After
discussing the options and alternatives available to Dallas Semiconductor with
respect to its future management and direction, Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors unanimously authorized Mr. Sampels to proceed with discussions, which
thereafter included several telephone conversations between Mr. Sampels and Mr.
Gifford.

     
On December 11, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone to
discuss the progress of Mr. Gifford's discussions with representatives of Dallas
Semiconductor.
Mr. Gifford reported the results of those discussions and was
instructed by Maxim's board of directors to continue discussing the possibility
of a strategic business combination with Dallas Semiconductor.

     
On December 14, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale met at the offices of Maxim
with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of directors and senior
management.
The parties continued to discuss the relative merits of a strategic
business combination between Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim.

     
On December 18, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale, together with Mr. Richard
King, a director of Dallas Semiconductor, met with representatives of Robertson
Stephens, Inc.
The parties generally discussed valuations of companies in the
semiconductor industry and the potential engagement of Robertson Stephens to
render a fairness opinion.

     
On December 18, 2000, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors met by
telephone.
Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale updated Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors on the ongoing discussions with Maxim and on their meeting with
Robertson Stephens.
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors authorized Mr.
Sampels and Mr. Hale to continue their discussions with Maxim.

     
On December 18, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone.
Mr.
Gifford reported on developments regarding the possible strategic business
combination with Dallas Semiconductor.
Maxim's board of directors and members of
Maxim's senior management discussed the business, operations, financial results,
financial condition and prospects of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim.
Maxim's
board of directors instructed Mr. Gifford and Maxim's senior management to
continue discussions with Dallas Semiconductor.

     
On December 19, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale again met at the offices of
Maxim with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of directors and senior
management.
Legal representatives of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor were also
present.
At that meeting, various structures and exchange ratios for a possible
strategic business combination were discussed.
The parties did not reach any
agreement on the possible terms of a transaction.
Mr. Gifford instructed his
representatives and legal counsel to begin preliminary due diligence of Dallas
Semiconductor.

     
Between December 19, 2000 and December 24, 2000, Mr. Sampels had numerous
conversations with Mr. Gifford and Mr. Kip Hagopian, a Maxim director,
concerning the potential terms of a strategic business combination of Maxim and
Dallas Semiconductor.
During this period, both Maxim's board of directors and
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors were regularly kept apprised of the
discussions between the Maxim representatives and Dallas Semiconductor's legal
counsel.
On December 24, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford reached a tentative
understanding as to the potential exchange ratio that they would find mutually
acceptable under which Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor might effect a strategic
business combination, subject to the approval of their respective boards of
directors.
Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford instructed the representatives of Maxim
and respective legal counsel of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim to expand their
due diligence of the other party and commence the drafting of definitive
documentation.

     
At a meeting of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors held on December
27, 2000, Mr. Sampels explained in detail the tentative understanding reached
with Mr. Gifford.
After discussion, the members of Dallas Semiconductor's board
of directors, each of whom had been in regular contact with Mr. Sampels
regarding the discussions with Maxim, indicated their belief that the proposed
transaction had the potential to bring to Dallas Semiconductor the required
leadership to maximize stockholder value and, therefore, was in the best
interests of Dallas Semiconductor and its stockholders.
Accordingly, Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors authorized Mr. Sampels to proceed with the
negotiation and preparation of a definitive agreement documenting the proposed
transaction with Maxim, subject to further review and approval by Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors.

     
On December 28, 2000, Maxim retained Thomas Weisel Partners to evaluate the
fairness, to Maxim's stockholders, of the terms of any proposed strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor.

     
From December 27, 2000 through January 9, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor, Maxim
and their respective legal counsel met repeatedly to negotiate the terms of a
definitive agreement and perform due diligence of the other party.
Due to market
conditions, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors, at a meeting held on
January 10, 2001, determined that it was not prepared to proceed with the
proposed strategic business combination at the proposed exchange ratio.
Mr.
Sampels telephoned Mr. Gifford to convey the position of Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors.
The parties terminated discussions at that time.

     
Over the next twelve days, the trading prices of Maxim's and Dallas
Semiconductor's common stock changed significantly.
On January 22, 2001, Mr.
Sampels contacted Mr. Gifford and indicated Dallas Semiconductor's interest in
renewing discussions about a potential strategic business combination.
Mr.
Gifford explained that Maxim remained interested in pursuing a transaction with
Dallas Semiconductor on the terms and at the exchange ratio previously
discussed, and negotiations between the parties recommenced.

     
From January 23, 2001 through the execution of the definitive merger
agreement, Maxim and its legal counsel and Dallas Semiconductor and its legal
counsel continued their due diligence of each other, and met and participated by
telephone in a series of negotiations finalizing the terms of the merger
agreement, the stock option agreement and the related agreements.
These
negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, which included, among other
items, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the restrictions
on the conduct of their businesses, the terms of the non-solicitation covenant,
the termination sections, the provisions regarding payment of the termination
fee and the consequences of termination and the operation of the stock option
agreement.
On January 28, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor executed an engagement
letter with Robertson Stephens, engaging them for the purpose of evaluating the
fairness of the merger, from a financial point of view, to Dallas
Semiconductor's stockholders.

     
On January 28, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors held a
special meeting by telephone beginning at 4:00 p.m., Central Standard Time.

During the meeting, representatives of Jenkens & Gilchrist advised Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors regarding its fiduciary duties to the
stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor.
Representatives of Jenkens & Gilchrist
reviewed and discussed with Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors the terms
of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the other related
agreements.
Representatives of Robertson Stephens made a presentation to Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors regarding the financial analyses it had
performed with respect to Maxim, Dallas Semiconductor and the possible strategic
business combination.
Following the presentation, Robertson Stephens rendered an
oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated as
of January 28, 2001, that the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement
was fair to the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor, from a financial point of
view.
Following a continued discussion of the terms of the merger agreement, as
well as the board of directors' duties to the stockholders, Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors unanimously approved the final terms of the
merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the related agreements and
unanimously resolved to recommend that the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger.

     
On January 28, 2001, Maxim's board of directors met beginning at 3:00 p.m.,
Central Standard Time, in Dallas, Texas.
At this meeting, a representative of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett discussed Maxim's board of directors' fiduciary
duties when considering the proposed strategic business combination and reviewed
the terms of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the related
agreements.
Representatives of Thomas Weisel Partners presented to Maxim's board
of directors a summary of its financial analyses related to the proposed
transaction.
Upon completing its deliberations, Maxim's board of directors, by
unanimous vote, approved the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and
the related agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements.

     
The merger agreement and related transaction documents were signed on
January 28, 2001 and Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor jointly announced the merger
on January 29, 2001.


MAXIM'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Maxim believes that the merger will enable the combined company, with its
larger and more diversified portfolio of products and resources, to more
effectively compete and achieve a number of key strategic objectives.
In
addition, Maxim believes that as a subsidiary of Maxim, Dallas Semiconductor has
the potential to achieve improved operating and financial results.
In
particular:

     - Dallas Semiconductor brings to Maxim ten product lines that complement
       Maxim's.
These new product lines will provide Maxim with additional
       market diversification and a new customer base, including that of mobile
       networking.

     - Dallas Semiconductor has a team of over 300 engineers who, Maxim
       believes, will increase in productivity as part of the Maxim team and
       will help further expand Maxim's product lines.
It is anticipated that
       Dallas Semiconductor's rate of product development should also benefit
       from Maxim's proprietary methods and manufacturing techniques.

     - Maxim believes that Dallas Semiconductor will benefit in both the long
       and short term from Maxim's operating efficiencies, overseas
       manufacturing capacity, its worldwide sales and applications
       organizations and marketing capability, which should improve Dallas
       Semiconductor's financial performance and operating margins.


DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors has determined that the terms of
the merger agreement and the merger are fair to, and in the best interest of,
Dallas Semiconductor and its stockholders.
Accordingly, Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger
and unanimously recommends that you vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger.
In reaching its decision, Dallas Semiconductor's board
of directors identified several potential benefits of the merger, which include:

     - the potential for accelerated revenue growth resulting from combining the
       companies' diversified product portfolios;

     - the ability of Dallas Semiconductor, as part of Maxim, to increase
       distribution of its products by accessing Maxim's sales channels to reach
       Maxim's broader customer base;

     - Maxim's strong management, the complementary cultures of the two
       companies and Maxim's commitment to growing Dallas Semiconductor's
       business, all of which, when combined with the complementary nature of
       the two companies' product lines, provided the best strategic fit for
       Dallas Semiconductor;

     - the likelihood that the merger will result in a combined company with
       greater financial, technological and human resources to develop new
       products or acquire new technologies, and greater sales and marketing
       resources to help promote and sell Dallas Semiconductor products; and

     - the trend toward increasing consolidation in, and the highly competitive
       nature of, the market in which Dallas Semiconductor operates and the
       competitive benefits of combining with a larger, more diversified company
       such as Maxim.

     
In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the merger and
to recommend that the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the merger, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors
considered a number of factors, including the following:

     - the information and presentations by Dallas Semiconductor's management
       and Robertson Stephens regarding the financial condition, cash flows and
       results of operations of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim, on both a
       historical and prospective basis;

     - information relating to the business, assets, management, competitive
       position, operating performance and prospects of each of Dallas
       Semiconductor and Maxim, including the prospects of Dallas Semiconductor
       if it were to continue as an independent company;

     - current industry, market and economic conditions;

     - the possibility of strategic alternatives to the merger for enhancing
       long-term stockholder value, including the possibility of other potential
       strategic transactions;

     - historical market prices, trading information and volatility with respect
       to Dallas Semiconductor shares and Maxim shares;

     - the opinion of Robertson Stephens, that, as of January 28, 2001, the
       exchange ratio was fair to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders, other than
       Maxim or its subsidiaries, from a financial point of view;

     - the $39.13 per share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock implied by the
       exchange ratio, based on the closing prices of Maxim's and Dallas
       Semiconductor's common stock on January 26, 2001, which represented:

       - a 68% premium over the closing price of Dallas Semiconductor common
         stock on the 30th trading day prior to the public announcement of the
         merger; and

       - a 46% premium over the closing price of Dallas Semiconductor common
         stock on January 26, 2001, the last trading day prior to the public
         announcement of the merger;

     - the amount and form of consideration to be received by stockholders of
       Dallas Semiconductor in the merger in light of comparable transactions;

     - the opportunity for Dallas Semiconductor's stockholders to participate,
       as stockholders of Maxim after the merger, in a larger, more diversified
       company, including participation in the value that may be created through
       combining the businesses of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim;

     - the fact that the increase or the decrease in the aggregate value of the
       Maxim common stock to be received by all Dallas Semiconductor
       stockholders will be somewhat limited by the pricing mechanism in the
       merger agreement;

     - the arm's-length negotiations between Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim and
       their advisors, including that the negotiations resulted in the ability
       of Dallas Semiconductor to provide information to, and negotiate with, a
       third party that might make an unsolicited acquisition proposal and of
       the ability of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors to withdraw its
       recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger if a superior
       acquisition proposal is made;

     - Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors' belief, after review of the
       termination fee payable by Dallas Semiconductor with its legal counsel,
       that the amount of the termination fee would not meaningfully impair the
       possibility of a competing transaction;

     - the other terms and conditions of the merger agreement and the stock
       option agreement, including the limited number of closing conditions,
       that provide increased certainty that the merger will be completed; and

     - the fact that the merger is intended to be a tax-free exchange to
       stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor.

     Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors also considered the risks
described under the caption "Risk Factors Relating to the Merger" beginning on
page 18 as potentially negative factors in its evaluation of the merger, as well
as the following potentially negative factors:

     - The merger is subject to the closing conditions described under the
       caption "The Merger Agreement -- Conditions to the Completion of the
       Merger" beginning on page 54, and, if the

       merger is not completed for any reason, Dallas Semiconductor may be
       subject to a number of material risks, including, among other things, the
       following:

       - Dallas Semiconductor may be required to pay Maxim a termination fee of
         $75 million;

       - the price of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock may decline to the
         extent that the current market price of Dallas Semiconductor's common
         stock reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed;
         and

       - costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and fairness
         opinion fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed.

     - If the merger agreement is terminated and Dallas Semiconductor's board of
       directors determines to seek a merger or business combination with a
       party other than Maxim, Dallas Semiconductor cannot assure you that
       Dallas Semiconductor will be able to find a partner willing to provide
       its stockholders with a value equivalent to or more attractive than the
       value they would have received in the merger with Maxim.

     Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors, however, believed that these
negative factors were outweighed by the potential advantages of the merger.

     
The discussion of the information and factors considered by Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors includes the material factors considered by
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors in reaching its conclusions and
recommendations, but is not meant to be exhaustive.
In light of the variety of
factors considered in reaching its determination, Dallas Semiconductor's board
of directors did not find it practical to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
assign relative weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its
conclusions and recommendations.
In addition, individual members of Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors may have given different weights to different
factors.


RECOMMENDATION OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     After careful consideration, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors
unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are
fair to, and in the best interests of, Dallas Semiconductor and its
stockholders.
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors has unanimously approved
the merger agreement and the merger and unanimously recommends that its
stockholders vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
merger.


OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

     Under a letter agreement dated January 28, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor
engaged Robertson Stephens to render an opinion as to the fairness of the
exchange ratio, from a financial point of view, to Dallas Semiconductor's
stockholders.

     
In connection with the evaluation and approval by Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors of the merger agreement and the merger, Robertson Stephens
delivered a written opinion, dated January 28, 2001, that as of such date and
based on the matters considered and the limitations on the review undertaken
described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of Dallas Semiconductor common stock.
Robertson Stephens
has consented to the use of its opinion in this proxy statement/prospectus, and
the full text of this opinion is attached as Annex C to this proxy
statement/prospectus.
No limitations were imposed by Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors on Robertson Stephens with respect to the investigations made
or procedures followed by it in furnishing its opinion.
The exchange ratio was
determined through negotiations between the managements of Dallas Semiconductor
and Maxim.
Robertson Stephens was not asked by Dallas Semiconductor to propose
or recommend, and did not propose or recommend, any specific exchange ratio for
the merger.

     
You should consider the following when reading the discussion of the
opinion of Robertson Stephens in this document:

     - We urge you to read carefully the entire opinion of Robertson Stephens,
       which is set forth in Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus and is
       incorporated by reference.

     
- The following description of the Robertson Stephens opinion is qualified
       by reference to the full opinion attached as Annex C to this proxy
       statement/prospectus.
The full opinion sets forth, among other things,
       the assumptions made by Robertson Stephens, the matters it considered and
       the limitations on the review undertaken.

     - The Robertson Stephens opinion is provided for the information of Dallas
       Semiconductor's board of directors in connection with its evaluation of
       the merger.
The Robertson Stephens opinion is not intended to be and does
       not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of Dallas
       Semiconductor as to how such stockholder should vote, or take any other
       action, with respect to the merger.
This opinion may not be summarized,
       described or referred to or furnished to any party except with Robertson
       Stephens' express prior written consent.

     - Robertson Stephens' opinion does not address the relative merits of the
       merger and the other business strategies that the Dallas Semiconductor
       board of directors has considered or may be considering, nor does it
       address the decision of the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors to
       proceed with the merger.

     
It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect the
conclusion expressed in the Robertson Stephens opinion and that Robertson
Stephens disclaims any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any
change in any matter affecting its opinion which may come or be brought to its
attention after the date of its opinion.
Its opinion is limited to the fairness,
from a financial point of view and as of January 28, 2001, to the holders of
Dallas Semiconductor common stock, of the exchange ratio.

     
In connection with the preparation of its opinion, Robertson Stephens has,
among other things:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       business and financial information of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim;

     - reviewed certain publicly available estimates of research analysts
       relating to Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim;

     - held discussions with the respective managements of Dallas Semiconductor
       and Maxim concerning the businesses, past and current operations,
       financial condition and future prospects of both Dallas Semiconductor and
       Maxim, independently and combined, including discussions with the
       managements of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim concerning their views
       regarding the strategic rationale for the merger;

     - reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in a draft, dated
       January 26, 2001, of the merger agreement;

     - reviewed the stock price and trading history of Dallas Semiconductor
       common stock and Maxim common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim and
       the prices and trading activity of Dallas Semiconductor common stock and
       Maxim common stock with that of certain other publicly traded companies
       comparable with Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim;

     - compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms, to
       the extent publicly available, of other transactions that it deemed
       relevant;

     - reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Maxim's earnings per
       share;

     - participated in discussions among representatives of Dallas Semiconductor
       and Maxim and their financial and legal advisors; and

     - made such other studies and inquiries, and reviewed such other data, as
       it deemed relevant.

     
In its review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, Robertson
Stephens assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to it, including information furnished
to it orally or otherwise discussed with Robertson Stephens by the managements
of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim, or publicly available and neither attempted
to verify, nor assumed responsibility for verifying, any of such information.

Robertson Stephens relied upon the assurances of the managements of Dallas
Semiconductor and Maxim that they were not aware of any facts that would make
such information inaccurate or misleading.
Furthermore, Robertson Stephens did
not obtain or make, or assume any responsibility for obtaining or making, any
independent evaluation or appraisal of the properties, assets or liabilities,
contingent or otherwise, of Dallas Semiconductor or Maxim, nor was Robertson
Stephens furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.

     
With respect to the financial forecasts and projections, and the
assumptions and bases on which they are founded, for Maxim and Dallas
Semiconductor, including projections with respect to operations of the combined
companies following the merger, that Robertson Stephens reviewed, Robertson
Stephens assumed that:

     - these forecasts and projections were reasonably prepared in good faith on
       the basis of reasonable assumptions;

     - these forecasts reflected the best currently available estimates and
       judgments of the managements of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor;

     - these forecasts reflected the best currently available estimates and
       judgments of the managements of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor as to the
       future financial condition and performance of Dallas Semiconductor and
       Maxim; and

     - Robertson Stephens further assumed that such projections and forecasts
       would be realized in the amounts and in the time periods estimated.

     
The Robertson Stephens opinion is based on market, economic and other
conditions as they existed or were disclosed to Robertson Stephens and could be
evaluated as of the date of the Robertson Stephens opinion and made available to
Robertson Stephens on that date.
In addition, Robertson Stephens assumed that:

     - the merger will be consummated upon the terms set forth in the draft
       agreement without material alteration, including, among other things,
       that the merger will be accounted for as a pooling of interests business
       combination in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
       principles;

     - the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the
       Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and

     - the historical financial statements of each of Dallas Semiconductor and
       Maxim reviewed by Robertson Stephens have been prepared and fairly
       presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
       principles consistently applied.

     
Robertson Stephens expressed no opinion as to:

     - the value of any employee agreement or other arrangement entered into in
       connection with the merger;

     - any tax or other consequences that might result from the merger; or

     - what the value of Maxim common stock will be when issued to Dallas
       Semiconductor's stockholders pursuant to the merger or the price at which
       the shares of Maxim common stock that are issued pursuant to the merger
       may be traded in the future.
The Robertson Stephens opinion does not
       address the relative merits of the merger and the other business
       strategies that the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors has
       considered or may be considering, nor does it address the decision of the
       Dallas Semiconductor board of directors to proceed with the merger.

     
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Robertson Stephens in connection with rendering its opinion.
The summary of the
financial analyses is not a complete description of all of the analyses
performed by Robertson Stephens.
Certain of the information in this section is
presented in tabular form.

     
IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND BETTER
THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES PERFORMED BY ROBERTSON
STEPHENS, THESE TABLES MUST BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY.
THE
ROBERTSON STEPHENS OPINION IS BASED ON THE TOTALITY OF THE VARIOUS ANALYSES THAT
IT PERFORMED, AND NO PARTICULAR PORTION OF THE ANALYSES HAS ANY MERIT STANDING
ALONE.


Comparable Company Analysis

     Using publicly available information, Robertson Stephens analyzed, among
other things, the trading multiples of selected publicly traded large and
diversified semiconductor companies, including:

     - Analog Devices

     - National Semiconductor

     - Texas Instruments

     - STMicroelectronics

     - Intersil Holdings

     - Infineon Technologies

     - Fairchild Semiconductor

     - ON Semiconductor

     
As set forth in the following table, applying a range of multiples for
these companies for calendar year 2000 to 2002 revenue or net income publicly
available estimates for Dallas Semiconductor resulted in the following range of
implied equity values:

            IMPLIED CALENDAR YEAR DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR EQUITY VALUE
                          (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS)

 REVENUE    MULTIPLE RANGE   IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
 -------    --------------   --------------------

   2000      2.7x - 6.0x      1$,648 - $3,354
   2001      2.5x - 5.0x      1$,576 - $2,900

NET INCOME  MULTIPLE RANGE   IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
- ----------  --------------   --------------------

   2000     15.0x - 30.0x     1$,431 - $2,862
   2001     15.0x - 30.0x     1$,368 - $2,736
   2002     12.5x - 25.0x     1$,401 - $2,803

The above implied equity reference ranges compared to an equity value of
approximately $2,540 million as implied by the exchange ratio based on the
closing price of Maxim common stock on January 26, 2001.


Selected Precedent Transaction Analysis

     Robertson Stephens analyzed the adjusted aggregate value paid or proposed
to be paid in selected public to public precedent transactions for semiconductor
companies and public and private precedent transactions for companies in the
analog integrated circuit industry, including:

     - Public to Public Semiconductor Precedent Transactions:
       - Xircom/Intel
       - TelCom Semiconductor/Microchip Technology
       - Galileo Technology/Marvell Technology
       - MMC Networks/Applied Micro Circuits

       - Quantum Effect Devices/PMC Sierra
       - Burr-Brown/Texas Instruments
       - Maker Communications/Conexant
       - DSP Communications/Intel
       - Unitrode Corp./Texas
Instruments
       - Level One Communications/Intel
       - VLSI/Phillips Electronics
       - SEEQ Technology/LSI Logic Corporation
       - Benchmarq Microelectronics/Unitrode

     - Analog Integrated Circuit Precedent Transactions:
       - Burr-Brown/Texas Instruments
       - Unitrode Corp./Texas Instruments
       - Motorola (Semi. Components Group)/Texas Pacific Group
       - Unisem/International Rectifier
       - TelCom Semiconductor/Microchip Technology
       - Micro Linear's PM/Fairchild Semiconductor
       - KOTA Microcircuits/Fairchild Semiconductor
       - Cherry Semiconductor/ON Semiconductor
       - USAR/Semtech
       - Calogic/Sipex
       - Power Trends/Texas Instruments
       - Harris Corp (Semiconductor)/Intersil Corp.
       - Linfinity Microelectronics/Microsemiconductor
       - IC Works/Cypress
       - Samsung (Power Devices)/Fairchild Semiconductor
       - BKC Semiconductors/Microsemi
       - Raytheon Semiconductor Unit/Fairchild Semiconductor
       - Edge Semiconductor/Semtech

     Robertson Stephens compared, among other things, the aggregate value in
these transactions as a multiple of LTM, last twelve months, and NTM, next
twelve months, revenue and net income.
Applying these multiples to Dallas
Semiconductor's LTM and NTM revenue and net income respectively, resulted in the
following range of implied equity values.

 
AGGREGATE VALUE OVER REVENUE MULTIPLE APPLIED TO DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR REVENUE
                          (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS)

                      REVENUE                        MULTIPLE RANGE    IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
                      -------                        --------------    --------------------

LTM REVENUE........................................     
3.0x - 6.0x      $1,803 - $3,354
NTM REVENUE........................................     
2.5x - 5.0x      $1,576 - $2,900

                    NET INCOME                       MULTIPLE RANGE    
IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
                    ----------                       --------------    --------------------

LTM NET INCOME.....................................   
20.0x - 50.0x      $1,908 - $4,770
NTM NET INCOME.....................................   15.0x - 40.0x      $1,368 - $3,648

     
The above implied equity reference ranges compared to an equity value of
approximately $2,540 million as implied by the exchange ratio based on the
closing price of Maxim common stock on January 26, 2001.

     
Robertson Stephens also analyzed such adjusted market consideration paid as
a premium paid to the share price of the target the day prior to and one month
prior to the announcement of the transaction of the selected private precedent
transactions listed above.
As set forth in the following table, Robertson

Stephens applied a range of premiums paid to the Dallas Semiconductor day prior
and one month prior stock price.

                          
(DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS)

                    
STOCK PRICE                      PREMIUM RANGE    IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
                    -----------                      -------------    --------------------

1 DAY PRIOR........................................  25.0% - 50.0%      $2,131 - $2,557
1 MONTH PRIOR......................................  40.0% - 80.0%      $2,069 - $2,660

     The above implied equity reference ranges compared to an equity value of
approximately $2,540 million as implied by the exchange ratio based on the
closing price of Maxim common stock on January 26, 2001.

     
No company, transaction or business used in the comparable company analysis
or the selected precedent transaction analysis is identical to Dallas
Semiconductor, Maxim or the merger.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of
the foregoing is not entirely mathematical; rather it involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics and other factors and trends that could affect the acquisition,
public trading and other values of the comparable companies or the business
segment, company or transactions to which they are compared.


Pro Forma Merger Analysis

     Robertson Stephens analyzed the impact of the merger on the earnings of the
combined company for fiscal year 2001 and 2002 based on the publicly available
estimates for Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim.
Without taking into account
certain synergies that the combined company may realize in its operations, the
results of this analysis suggested that the merger is accretive to Maxim
earnings per share, "EPS," in fiscal year 2001 and 2002.
The following table
summarizes the results of this analysis:

Fiscal year 2001 estimated EPS accretion....................  8.8%
Fiscal year 2002 estimated EPS accretion....................  
6.6%

     The actual results achieved by the combined company may vary from projected
results and such variations may be material.

     
While the foregoing summary describes the analysis and factors that
Robertson Stephens deemed material in its presentation to the Dallas
Semiconductor board of directors, it is not a comprehensive description of all
analyses and factors considered by Robertson Stephens.
The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex process that involves various determinations as to
the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis to the
particular circumstances.
Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its
opinion, Robertson Stephens did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to
the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.
Accordingly,
Robertson Stephens believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and
that selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it,
without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion.
Several
analytical methodologies were employed and no one method of analysis should be
regarded as critical to the overall conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens.

Each analytical technique has inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature
of the available information may further affect the value of particular
techniques.
The conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens is based on all
analyses and factors taken as a whole and also on application of Robertson
Stephens' own experience and judgment.
This conclusion may involve significant
elements of subjective judgment and qualitative analysis.
Robertson Stephens
therefore gives no opinion as to the value or merit standing alone of any one or
more parts of the analysis it performed.
In performing its analyses, Robertson
Stephens made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business and other conditions and matters, and industry and transaction trends,
many of which are beyond the control of Dallas Semiconductor or Robertson
Stephens.
Any estimates contained in these analyses are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future

results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
suggested by these analyses.
Accordingly, analyses relating to the value of
businesses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
these businesses actually may be sold in the future, and these estimates are
inherently subject to uncertainty.
Furthermore, no opinion is being expressed as
to the prices at which shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock may be traded
at any future time.
In the ordinary course of business, Robertson Stephens acts
as a market maker and broker in the publicly traded securities of Dallas
Semiconductor and Maxim and receives customary compensation in connection
therewith.
In the ordinary course of business, Robertson Stephens actively
trades in the equity and derivative securities of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim
for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may
at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

     
Dallas Semiconductor engaged Robertson Stephens under a letter agreement
dated January 28, 2001.
The agreement provides that, for its services, Robertson
Stephens is entitled to receive a customary fee, which was payable upon the
delivery of its opinion.
In addition, Dallas Semiconductor has agreed to
indemnify Robertson Stephens for certain liabilities that may arise out of the
engagement.
The terms of the fee arrangement with Robertson Stephens were
negotiated at arm's-length between Dallas Semiconductor and Robertson Stephens,
and the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors was aware of these fee
arrangements.
Robertson Stephens was retained based on Robertson Stephens'
experience in connection with mergers and acquisitions and in securities
valuations generally, as well as Robertson Stephens' investment banking
relationship and familiarity with Dallas Semiconductor.
Robertson Stephens has
provided investment banking services to Dallas Semiconductor from time to time,
including acting as a lead underwriter for its initial public offering.

Robertson Stephens may in the future provide investment banking or other
financial advisory services to the Dallas Semiconductor or Maxim.

     
Robertson Stephens is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm.
As part of its investment banking business, Robertson Stephens is
frequently engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary
distributions of securities, private placements and other purposes.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     The merger is intended to qualify for the pooling of interests method of
accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Under
this method of accounting, Maxim's stockholders and Dallas Semiconductor's
stockholders will be deemed to have combined their existing voting common stock
interests in the merger.
Accordingly, the book value of the assets, liabilities
and stockholders' equity of each of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, as reported
on their consolidated balance sheets, will be carried over to the consolidated
balance sheet of the combined company.
No goodwill will be created.
The combined
company will be able to include in its consolidated income the consolidated
income of both companies for the entire fiscal year in which the merger occurs,
and prior years' income statements will be restated to include the combined
results of operations of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor for all prior periods
reported.


INTERESTS OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE MERGER

     When considering the recommendation of Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors, you should be aware that some of Dallas Semiconductor's officers and
directors have interests in the merger that are different from, or are in
addition to, yours.
Dallas Semiconductors' board of directors was aware of these
interests and considered them, among other things, in approving the merger
agreement and the merger.
These interests are described below.

     
Director and Officer Indemnification and Insurance.
Pursuant to the merger
agreement, for six years after the effective time of the merger, Maxim will
cause Dallas Semiconductor, as the surviving corporation, to provide customary
indemnification to Dallas Semiconductor's present and former directors and
officers for claims brought as a result of actions or omissions occurring prior
to the effective time of the merger.
Maxim has guaranteed these obligations to
the extent they are unsatisfied by the surviving

corporation or by directors' and officers' liability insurance.
For six years
after the effective time of the merger, Maxim will cause Dallas Semiconductor,
as the surviving corporation, to maintain in effect the coverage provided by
Dallas Semiconductor's current directors' and officers' liability insurance
policies with respect to matters or events occurring before the effective time
of the merger, unless the cost of such insurance exceeds 1.5 times the most
recent annual premium paid by Dallas Semiconductor, in which case Maxim will be
obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage reasonably available for
a cost not exceeding such amount.

     
Accelerated Vesting of Stock Options.
All unvested stock options held by
the executive officers and directors of Dallas Semiconductor that were granted
pursuant to the Dallas Semiconductor 1993 Officer and Director Stock Option Plan
will vest and become exercisable upon the effectiveness of the merger.
All
unvested stock options held by the non-employee directors of Dallas
Semiconductor that were granted pursuant to the Dallas Semiconductor 1987 Stock
Option Plan will also vest and become exercisable upon the effectiveness of the
merger.

     
Other Non-Employee Director Arrangements.
In December 1993, Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors adopted non-employee director arrangements
pursuant to which each non-employee director would be entitled to a payment of
ten times his or her annual retainer once his or her service as a director of
Dallas Semiconductor ends for any reason following a change in control of Dallas
Semiconductor.
As a result of this arrangement, M.D. Sampels, Richard L. King
and Carmelo J. Santoro will each receive a payment of $500,000 at the effective
time of the merger.

     
Change in Control Agreements and Transitional Employment Agreements.
On May
20, 1999, Dallas Semiconductor entered into change in control agreements with
Chao C. Mai, currently its President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael L.
Bolan, currently its Vice President, Marketing and Product Development, and Alan
P. Hale, currently its Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer.
Under
these agreements, as amended to date, upon the occurrence of a change in control
of Dallas Semiconductor, each of these officers is entitled to receive certain
benefits, including the following:

     - a lump sum severance payment equal to 299% of his annual compensation,
       which is defined to include base salary, annual bonus and deferred
       compensation account balances, in effect at the time of the change in
       control;

     - immediate vesting of all incentives, awards and other benefits previously
       made available to him by Dallas Semiconductor, including options granted
       under the Dallas Semiconductor 1987 Stock Option Plan;

     - a lump sum payment, payable in shares of common stock of Dallas
       Semiconductor, equal to any amounts due him under any of Dallas
       Semiconductor's deferred compensation plans, as if he was fully vested
       under the plan; and

     - lifetime coverage for him and his spouse under Dallas Semiconductor's
       health, dental, disability, accident and life insurance.


In addition, upon the change in control of Dallas Semiconductor, these
executives are entitled to certain retirement benefits under these agreements.

     
Prior to the execution of the merger agreement, these agreements were
amended to remove any entitlement to payments intended to compensate the
executives for the imposition of any excise tax under the Internal Revenue Code.

Prior to the effective time of the merger, these agreements will be further
amended in the following manner:

     - The aggregate amount owed to Mr. Mai as a result of the completion of the
       merger will be reduced by $1,007,728.
Subject to Mr. Mai's continued
       employment with the surviving corporation after the merger, he will be
       paid a bonus of $553,864 on the one year anniversary of the merger,
       unless he is earlier terminated by the surviving corporation, dies or is
       disabled, in which case he will receive the bonus payment upon
       termination, death or disability.

     - The aggregate amount owed to Mr. Bolan as a result of the completion of
       the merger will be reduced by $793,846.
Subject to Mr. Bolan's continued
       employment with the surviving corporation after the merger, he will be
       paid a bonus of $396,923 on the one year anniversary of the merger,
       unless he is earlier terminated by the surviving corporation, dies or is
       disabled, in which case he will receive the bonus payment upon
       termination, death or disability.

     - The aggregate amount owed to Mr. Hale as a result of the completion of
       the merger will be reduced by $498,462.
Subject to Mr. Hale's continued
       employment with the surviving corporation after the merger, he will be
       paid a bonus of $249,231 on the one year anniversary of the merger,
       unless he is earlier terminated by the surviving corporation, dies or is
       disabled, in which case he will receive the bonus payment upon
       termination, death or disability.

     
Deferred Compensation Plan Distributions.
At the effective time of the
merger, participants, including the officers covered by the change in control
agreements, in Dallas Semiconductor's Executive Deferred Compensation Plan will
be entitled to receive distributions of their accounts under the plan, payable
in shares of common stock of Dallas Semiconductor, pursuant to the terms
previously established under the plan.
Three of Dallas Semiconductors' executive
officers are participants in the plan and will be entitled to those
distributions.

     
Maxim Board Seat.
M.D. Sampels, a non-employee director of Dallas
Semiconductor, will join Maxim's board of directors following the effectiveness
of the merger, until his successor is duly elected or appointed and qualified or
until Mr. Sampels' earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with
Maxim's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
As a non-employee director of
Maxim, Mr. Sampels will be eligible to receive the compensation paid to other
non-employee directors of Maxim.

     
Directorships of the Surviving Corporation.
Richard L. King and Carmelo J.
Santoro, directors of Dallas Semiconductor, will serve as directors of the
surviving corporation for a transition period which will expire 90 days after
the public announcement by Maxim of at least 30 days of combined operations of
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The following summary discusses the material United States federal income
tax consequences of the merger to holders of Dallas Semiconductor common stock.

The discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(Code), applicable Treasury regulations under the Code and administrative
rulings and judicial authority as of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus.
These laws may change, possibly retroactively, and any
change could affect the continuing validity of this discussion.
This discussion
assumes that you hold your shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock as
capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code.
This discussion
does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may
be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, or if you are
subject to special rules, such as treatment under the United States federal
income tax laws, including if you are:

     - not a citizen or resident of the United States;

     - a financial institution;

     - a tax-exempt organization;

     - an insurance company;

     - a dealer in securities;

     - a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder who received your shares under Dallas
       Semiconductor's equity-based compensation plans or otherwise as
       compensation, or through a tax-qualified retirement plan; or

     - a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder who holds Dallas Semiconductor shares
       as part of a hedge, straddle, constructive sale or conversion
       transaction.

     
This discussion does not address any consequences arising under the laws of
any state, locality or foreign jurisdiction or under federal laws other than the
United States federal income tax laws.

     
Based upon representations contained in representation letters provided by
Maxim, MI Acquisition Sub and Dallas Semiconductor, and on certain customary
factual assumptions, all of which must continue to be true and accurate in all
material respects as of the effective time of the merger, it is the opinion of
Jenkens & Gilchrist, a Professional Corporation, counsel to Dallas
Semiconductor, that the material United States federal income tax consequences
of the merger are:

     - the merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
       reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;

     - no gain or loss will be recognized for federal income tax purposes by
       holders of Dallas Semiconductor shares who exchange their Dallas
       Semiconductor shares solely for Maxim shares pursuant to the merger;

     - the aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Maxim shares received in the
       merger by a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder, treating fractional share
       interests in Maxim shares as having been issued to such holder in the
       merger and then redeemed for cash, will be the same as the aggregate
       adjusted tax basis of the Dallas Semiconductor shares surrendered in the
       merger;

     - the holding period of the Maxim shares received by a Dallas Semiconductor
       stockholder in the merger will include the period during which such
       holder held the Dallas Semiconductor shares surrendered in the merger;
       and

     - cash received by a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder in place of a
       fractional share interest in the Maxim shares will result in the
       recognition of gain or loss for federal income tax purposes, measured by
       the difference between the amount of cash received and the portion of the
       tax basis of the Dallas Semiconductor share allocable to this fractional
       share interest.
This gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will
       be long-term capital gain or loss if the Dallas Semiconductor
       stockholder's holding period in the fractional Maxim share interest is
       more than one year at the effective time of the merger and such share was
       held as a capital asset.

     
The respective obligations of the parties to complete the merger are
conditioned on the receipt by Dallas Semiconductor of an opinion of Jenkens &
Gilchrist, on the closing date of the merger, that the merger will be treated
for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code.
See "The Merger Agreement -- Conditions to the
Completion of the Merger" beginning on page 54.
The opinion will be based upon
customary assumptions, covenants and representations, including those contained
in representation letters of Maxim, MI Acquisition Sub and Dallas Semiconductor
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such tax counsel.
Although the
merger agreement allows Dallas Semiconductor to waive this condition to closing,
Dallas Semiconductor currently does not anticipate doing so.
If Dallas
Semiconductor does waive this condition, Dallas Semiconductor will inform you of
this decision and ask you to vote on the merger taking this into consideration.

Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor have not and will not seek any ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service regarding any matters relating to the merger, and as a
result, there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not
disagree with or challenge any of the conclusions described in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

     
Reporting Requirements.
A holder of Dallas Semiconductor shares receiving
Maxim shares as a result of the merger will be required to retain records and
file with its United States federal income tax return a statement setting forth
facts relating to the merger.

     
Backup Withholding.
Certain non-corporate Dallas Semiconductor stockholders
may be subject to backup withholding at a 31% rate on cash payments received in
place of a fractional share interest in the Maxim shares.
Backup withholding
will not apply, however, to a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder who:

     - furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that
       such holder is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute Form
       W-9 or successor form included in the letter of transmittal to be
       delivered to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders;

     - provides a certification of foreign status on Internal Revenue Service
       Form W-8 or successor form; or

     - is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

     
THE PRECEDING DISCUSSION DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR
DISCUSSION OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX EFFECTS RELEVANT TO THE MERGER.
DALLAS
SEMICONDUCTOR STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE
SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING TAX RETURN REPORTING
REQUIREMENTS, THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND OTHER
APPLICABLE TAX LAWS AND THE EFFECT OF ANY PROPOSED CHANGES IN THE TAX LAWS.


REGULATORY MATTERS

     
The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules promulgated under
that act by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which prevent some transactions
from being completed until required information and materials are furnished to
the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Federal
Trade Commission and the waiting periods end or expire.
On January 31, 2001, we
filed the requisite Pre-Merger Notification and Report Forms with the Federal
Trade Commission and the Department of Justice and the waiting period was
terminated on February 26, 2001.
The Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice, the Federal Trade Commission and others may challenge the merger on
antitrust grounds either before or after expiration of the applicable waiting
periods.
Accordingly, at any time before or after the completion of the merger,
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, the Federal Trade
Commission or others could take action under the antitrust laws as they deem
necessary or desirable in the public interest, including, without limitation,
seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or permitting completion subject
to regulatory concessions or conditions.
We cannot assure you that a challenge
to the merger will not be made or that, if made, it will not prevail.


NO DISSENTER'S APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under Delaware law, stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor will not be
entitled to exercise dissenter's appraisal rights or to demand payment for their
shares in connection with the merger.


RESTRICTIONS ON THE ABILITY TO SELL MAXIM STOCK

     The Maxim shares to be issued to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders in the
merger have been registered under the Securities Act.
Upon issuance, these
shares may be traded freely and without restriction by those stockholders not
deemed to be affiliates of Dallas Semiconductor, as that term is defined under
the Securities Act.
An "affiliate" of Dallas Semiconductor, as defined by the
rules promulgated under the Securities Act, is a person who directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with Dallas Semiconductor.
Any transfer of Maxim shares
after the merger by an affiliate of Dallas Semiconductor must be one permitted
by the resale provisions of Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act, or
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, in the case of persons who become
affiliates of Maxim, or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
These
restrictions are expected to apply to the directors, executive officers and
holders of 10% or more of the Dallas Semiconductor shares, as well as to certain
other related individuals or entities.

     
Dallas Semiconductor has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause
each of its affiliates to deliver to Maxim a written agreement that such person
will not dispose of any Maxim shares in violation of the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act.
A copy of the form
of affiliate pooling agreement is attached as Annex D to this proxy
statement/prospectus.

     
This proxy statement/prospectus does not cover resales of Maxim shares to
be received by the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor in the merger, and no
person is authorized to make any use of this proxy statement/prospectus in
connection with any such resale.


RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Dallas
Semiconductor amended its rights agreement with Mellon Investors Services, LLC,
as rights agent, to provide that:

     - each of Maxim and MI Acquisition Sub is considered to be an "exempt
       person," as that term is defined in the rights agreement, solely for
       purposes of completing the specific transactions described in the merger
       agreement or the stock option agreement;

     - neither Maxim nor MI Acquisition Sub will become an "acquiring person,"
       as that term is defined in the rights agreement, solely as a result of
       the execution, delivery or performance of the merger agreement or the
       stock option agreement; and

     - neither the execution, delivery or performance of the merger agreement or
       the stock option agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions
       contemplated by the merger agreement or the stock option agreement, will
       give rise to a "distribution date," as defined in the rights agreement,
       nor entitle any rights holder to acquire any securities of Maxim or
       Dallas Semiconductor.

     
Dallas Semiconductor has agreed that the rights agreement will be
terminated immediately prior to the effective time of the merger without any
consideration being payable with respect to any outstanding rights issued under
the rights agreement.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a description of the material terms of the merger
agreement but does not purport to describe all the terms of the merger
agreement.
The full text of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and
the form of affiliate pooling agreement are attached as Annex A, Annex B and
Annex D to this proxy statement/prospectus and are incorporated in this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference.
Dallas Semiconductor stockholders are urged
to read the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the form of
affiliate pooling agreement in their entirety.


THE MERGER

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, MI Acquisition
Sub will merge with and into Dallas Semiconductor at the effective time of the
merger.
The separate corporate existence of MI Acquisition Sub will cease.

Dallas Semiconductor will be the surviving corporation in the merger and will
continue its corporate existence as a wholly owned subsidiary of Maxim and will
continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

     
Effective Time.
Dallas Semiconductor, MI Acquisition Sub, and Maxim will
complete the merger by filing a certificate of merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware as soon as practicable following the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions to the merger.
The date and time the certificate of
merger is filed or another later time specified in the certificate of merger is
the effective time of the merger.

     
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.
The merger agreement provides that
the restated certificate of incorporation of Dallas Semiconductor will be the
certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation, and the bylaws of MI
Acquisition Sub will be the bylaws of the surviving corporation.

     
Directors and Officers.
The merger agreement provides that the directors of
MI Acquisition Sub immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, along
with Richard L. King and Carmelo J. Santoro, who are currently non-employee
directors of Dallas Semiconductor, will be the initial directors of the
surviving corporation, and that the officers of Dallas Semiconductor immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger will be the initial officers of the
surviving corporation.


CONVERSION OR CANCELLATION OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR SHARES AND OPTIONS IN THE
MERGER

     Conversion of Shares and Options.
The merger agreement provides that, at
the effective time of the merger and without any action on the part of MI
Acquisition Sub, Dallas Semiconductor, or the holders of any of the securities
of Dallas Semiconductor:

     - each share of your Dallas Semiconductor common stock will be exchanged
       for a fraction of a share of Maxim common stock, as previously described
       in this proxy statement/prospectus;

     - all outstanding options to purchase Dallas Semiconductor common stock,
       whether vested or unvested, will be assumed by Maxim at the effective
       time of the merger.
Each outstanding option will be subject to the same
       terms and conditions set forth in the option plan and form of option
       agreement under which it was issued, except that each outstanding option
       will be exercisable solely for that number of whole shares of Maxim
       common stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Dallas
       Semiconductor common stock for which the option was exercisable
       multiplied by the exchange ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole
       number of shares of Maxim common stock, and the per-share exercise price
       per share for the shares of Maxim common stock issuable upon exercise of
       the assumed option will be equal to the quotient determined by dividing
       the exercise price per share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock at
       which the option was exercisable immediately prior to the effective time
       of the merger by the exchange ratio and rounding the resulting exercise
       price up to the nearest whole cent; and

     - each share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock held in the treasury of
       Dallas Semiconductor or owned by Maxim or MI Acquisition Sub will be
       canceled and retired without any conversion or payment made with respect
       to such share.

     
Fractional Shares.
No fractional Maxim shares will be issued in the merger.

In place of any fractional Maxim shares, each holder of Dallas Semiconductor
shares who would otherwise have been entitled to a fraction of a Maxim share
will be paid an amount in cash, rounded down to the nearest cent and without
interest, equal to the product of the fractional part of a share of Maxim common
stock multiplied by the average closing price of Maxim common stock for the ten
consecutive trading days ending on the trading day that is two trading days
prior to the effective time of the merger.

     
Exchange of Certificates in the Merger.
Maxim will designate a bank or
trust company to act as transfer agent for Dallas Semiconductor stockholders to
receive the Maxim shares and any cash payable in place of any fractional
interests in Maxim shares to which Dallas Semiconductor stockholders become
entitled as provided in the merger agreement, and will deposit Maxim shares and
cash sufficient to make all required payments under the merger agreement with
the transfer agent.
Promptly after the effective time of the merger, the
transfer agent will mail to each holder of record of certificates that
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger represented outstanding
shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for use in surrendering of certificates.
We request that you not
surrender your certificates for exchange until you receive the letter of
transmittal and instructions.
No dividends or other distributions declared or
made after the effective time of the merger with respect to Maxim shares will be
paid to the holder of record of any unsurrendered certificate.
However, upon
surrender of the certificate, the holder of record will be paid, without
interest, any dividends or distributions with a record date after the effective
time but a payment date between the effective time of the merger and the time of
surrender.
No transfers of shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock will be
made after the effective time of the merger.


NASDAQ LISTING

     Maxim has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Maxim
shares to be issued in the merger and upon exercise of the Dallas Semiconductor
options to be assumed by Maxim to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National
Market, subject to official notice of issuance.
This approval is a condition to
the obligations of the parties to complete the merger.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Representations and Warranties by Dallas Semiconductor.
The merger
agreement includes various representations and warranties by Dallas
Semiconductor to Maxim, including, among others, representations and warranties
as to:

     - corporate organization, good standing and power and authority of Dallas
       Semiconductor and its subsidiaries;

     - the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Dallas Semiconductor and
       its subsidiaries;

     - capitalization of Dallas Semiconductor and its subsidiaries;

     - power and authority of Dallas Semiconductor to execute and deliver the
       merger agreement and to perform its obligations under, and to complete
       the transactions contemplated by, the merger agreement, including
       approval of the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors;

     - no conflict of the merger with organizational documents, laws and orders,
       and required consents and authorizations of governmental entities and
       third parties;

     - material agreements;

     - compliance with applicable organizational documents, laws and agreements
       and possession and validity of necessary government permits;

     - Dallas Semiconductor's financial statements and reports filed with the
       SEC and compliance with SEC rules and regulations;

     - conduct by Dallas Semiconductor and its subsidiaries of business in the
       ordinary course and consistent with past practice since December 31, 2000
       and the absence of any event or development since that date which would
       reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Dallas
       Semiconductor or prevent or materially impair Dallas Semiconductor's
       performance under the merger agreement;

     - undisclosed liabilities;

     - litigation;

     - Dallas Semiconductor's employee benefit plans;

     - employment and labor matters;

     - accuracy of information in the registration statement and this proxy
       statement/prospectus;

     - tax matters;

     - environmental matters;

     - intellectual property matters;

     - insurance matters;

     - restrictions on the merger;

     - qualification of the merger as a pooling of interests;

     - qualification of the merger as a tax-free reorganization;

     - brokers and finders employed by Dallas Semiconductor;

     - interested party transactions;

     - opinion delivered by Dallas Semiconductor's financial advisor; and

     - amendment of Dallas Semiconductor's rights plan so that the merger will
       not trigger the rights under the rights plan and that the rights plan
       will terminate immediately prior to the effective time of the merger.

     
Representations and Warranties by Maxim and MI Acquisition Sub.
The merger
agreement also includes various representations and warranties by Maxim and MI
Acquisition Sub to Dallas Semiconductor, including, among others,
representations and warranties as to:

     - corporate organization, good standing and power and authority of Maxim
       and MI Acquisition Sub;

     - the certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Maxim and MI Acquisition
       Sub;

     - capitalization of Maxim and MI Acquisition Sub;

     - power and authority of Maxim and MI Acquisition Sub to execute and
       deliver the merger agreement and to perform their obligations under, and
       to complete the transactions contemplated by, the merger agreement;

     - no conflict of the merger with organizational documents, laws and orders
       and required consents and authorizations of governmental entities and
       third parties;

     - compliance with applicable organizational documents, laws and agreements
       and possession and validity of necessary government permits;

     - Maxim's financial statements and reports filed with the SEC and
       compliance with SEC rules and regulations;

     - conduct by Maxim and its subsidiaries of business in the ordinary course
       and consistent with past practice since September 30, 2000 and the
       absence since that date of any event or development which would
       reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Maxim or
       materially impair Maxim's performance under the merger agreement;

     - undisclosed liabilities;

     - litigation;

     - environmental matters;

     - accuracy of information in the registration statement and this proxy
       statement/prospectus;

     - brokers and finders employed by Maxim;

     - qualification of the merger as a pooling of interests;

     - tax matters; and

     - intellectual property matters.


CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

     Conduct of Business of Dallas Semiconductor
Pending the Merger.
Dallas
Semiconductor has agreed to conduct its business in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice and to use its reasonable best efforts to preserve
substantially intact its business organization, and to keep available the
services of its current officers, consultants and employees and to preserve its
current relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees and others
having significant business relations with Dallas Semiconductor.
Dallas
Semiconductor has agreed that, with certain exceptions, it will not do, and will
not permit any of its subsidiaries to do, any of the following without the prior
written consent of Maxim, which consent, in certain instances, cannot be
unreasonably withheld or delayed:

     - amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or equivalent
       organizational documents;

     - issue any shares of capital stock, or any options or other rights to
       acquire any shares of capital stock in Dallas Semiconductor or any of its
       subsidiaries;

     - other than regular quarterly dividends of $0.0325 per share in accordance
       with past practice, declare or pay any dividend in respect of Dallas
       Semiconductor's capital stock;

     - split, combine or reclassify any of Dallas Semiconductor's capital stock;

     - amend the terms of or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit
       any subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any Dallas
       Semiconductor securities or any securities of its subsidiaries;

     - sell, transfer or encumber any of the assets of Dallas Semiconductor or
       any of its subsidiaries, other than in the ordinary course of business;

     - acquire any corporation or other entity or any business organization or
       division;

     - incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or assume or guarantee the
       obligations of any person;

     - make any loans or enter into any financial commitments, other than in the
       ordinary course of business;

     - make any material capital expenditures, other than in the ordinary course
       of business;

     - hire or terminate any employee or consultant, other than in the ordinary
       course of business;

     - increase the compensation or fringe benefits payable to directors or
       officers or increase the salary or wages of employees who are not
       officers, other than in the ordinary course of business;

     - make any loans to, or grant any bonus, severance or termination pay not
       required under existing severance plans to, or enter into any employment
       or severance agreements with, any director, officer or other employee or
       establish or amend any employee benefit program;

     - change any accounting policies or procedures;

     - enter into, modify or terminate material agreements within certain
       specified limits;

     - make or change any material tax election, other than an election in the
       ordinary course of business, file any amended tax return, settle or
       compromise any income tax liability, agree to an extension of a statute
       of limitations, enter into any closing agreement relating to any tax or
       surrender any right to claim a tax refund;

     - settle any litigation for a cost of more than $250,000 or that would
       impose any injunctive or similar order on Dallas Semiconductor or any of
       its subsidiaries;

     - pay, discharge or satisfy any liabilities or obligations, other than in
       the ordinary course of business;

     - engage in or amend any transaction with any of the directors or other
       affiliates of Dallas Semiconductor or its subsidiaries or any of their
       affiliates or family members; or

     - fail to use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain its
       insurance.

     
Conduct of Business of Maxim Pending the Merger.
Maxim has agreed to
conduct and cause the business of each of its subsidiaries to be conducted only
in the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice
and in compliance with applicable laws.
Maxim has agreed not to declare or pay
any dividend or split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock prior to
the effective time of the merger without the prior written consent of Dallas
Semiconductor.


NON-SOLICITATION COVENANT

     
The merger agreement provides that neither Dallas Semiconductor nor any of
its affiliates, including their directors, officers, employees, representatives
or agents, will, directly or indirectly:

     - solicit, facilitate, initiate, entertain, knowingly encourage or take any
       action to solicit, facilitate, initiate, entertain or knowingly
       encourage, any inquiries or communications or the making of any proposal
       or offer that constitutes or may constitute an Acquisition Proposal; or

     - participate or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, or provide
       any information to or take any other action with the intent to facilitate
       the efforts of, any person concerning any possible Acquisition Proposal
       or any inquiry or communication that might reasonably be expected to
       result in an Acquisition Proposal.

     
However, Dallas Semiconductor may comply with its obligations under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
In addition, Dallas Semiconductor may engage in
discussions or negotiations with, or provide information to, any person in
response to an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal by that
person, to the extent that:

     - the terms of the non-solicitation covenant have not been violated;

     - the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors by majority vote concludes,
       in good faith, after consultation with its outside counsel, that such
       action is necessary in order to fulfill its fiduciary duties under
       applicable law, and provides prior written notice to Maxim of its
       decision to so engage or provide information; and

     - prior to providing any information or data to that person, the Dallas
       Semiconductor board of directors receives an executed confidentiality
       agreement from that person on terms no less favorable to Dallas
       Semiconductor than those in place with Maxim.

     
The Dallas Semiconductor board of directors will promptly notify Maxim of
any such proposal, including the name of the person and the material terms and
conditions of any proposals or offers.
Dallas

Semiconductor will keep Maxim informed, on a current basis, of the status and
terms of any proposals or offers and the status of any such discussions or
negotiations.

     
"Acquisition Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer relating to:

     - any merger, consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation or other direct
       or indirect business combination involving Dallas Semiconductor or any
       material subsidiary; or

     - the issuance or acquisition of shares of capital stock or other equity
       securities of Dallas Semiconductor or any material subsidiary
       representing 15% or more of the outstanding capital stock of Dallas
       Semiconductor or such material subsidiary or any tender or exchange offer
       that, if consummated, would result in any person beneficially owning
       shares of capital stock or other equity securities of Dallas
       Semiconductor or any material subsidiary representing 15% or more of the
       outstanding capital stock of Dallas Semiconductor or such material
       subsidiary, or the sale, lease, exchange, license, or other disposition
       of any significant portion of the business or assets of Dallas
       Semiconductor or any material subsidiary.


ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

     Stockholders' Meeting.
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors has agreed
to recommend that its stockholders approve the merger agreement and the merger
and to take all reasonable and lawful action to solicit and obtain stockholder
approval.
The Dallas Semiconductor board of directors may withdraw or modify its
recommendation of the merger in a manner adverse to Maxim only if:

     - Dallas Semiconductor receives a Superior Proposal; and

     - Dallas Semiconductor has notified Maxim of the Superior Proposal at least
       two business days in advance of Dallas Semiconductor's intention to
       effect the withdrawal or modification.

     
"Superior Proposal" means any bona fide Acquisition Proposal which Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation
with its outside counsel and investment advisors, taking into account all
relevant factors, to be more favorable to the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders
than the merger with Maxim.

     
Access to Information; Confidentiality.
Dallas Semiconductor will provide
Maxim and its representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to
all of Dallas Semiconductor's properties, books, contracts, commitments and
records, and will give Maxim all information concerning its business,
properties, books, contracts, commitments, records and personnel as Maxim may
reasonably request.
In addition, Dallas Semiconductor will make available to
Maxim appropriate individuals for discussion of the business, properties and
personnel of Dallas Semiconductor as Maxim may reasonably request.
Maxim will
keep all such information confidential.
All requests for access will be
requested through and coordinated with Messrs. Alan Hale and M.D. Sampels.

     
Reasonable Best Efforts.
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor will each use
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do, or
cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other party in doing, all
things necessary to consummate the merger.
Maxim will not be required to take
any action to obtain antitrust clearance that might result in a limitation of
the benefit expected to be derived by Maxim as a result of the merger or might
adversely affect Dallas Semiconductor or Maxim.

     
Employee Benefits.
For five years following the merger, no salaried
employee of Dallas Semiconductor will be terminated without 90 days notice.

After the merger, employees of Dallas Semiconductor at the effective time of the
merger will be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans of Maxim to
the same extent as any similarly situated employee of Maxim located in the same
country, except to the extent that the on-site management of the surviving
corporation determines to provide such employees the same benefits that they
currently have.

     
Employees will be allowed credit for their service with Dallas
Semiconductor and its subsidiaries for purposes of vesting and participation
only with respect to the employee benefit plans in which those

employees are entitled to participate following the effective time of the
merger.
Maxim has agreed that, after the effective time of the merger, Dallas
Semiconductor's employees may participate in the employee stock purchase plan
sponsored by Maxim, subject to the terms and conditions of Maxim's employee
stock purchase plan, and service with Dallas Semiconductor will be treated as
service with Maxim for determining eligibility of Dallas Semiconductor's
employees under Maxim's employee stock purchase plan.

     
Dallas Semiconductor will terminate its 401(k) plan, effective as of the
day immediately preceding the effective time of the merger, unless Maxim
provides written notice to Dallas Semiconductor prior to the effective time of
the merger that the 401(k) plan will not be terminated.
Employees will be
eligible to participate in a 401(k) plan sponsored by Maxim.

     
Pooling; Reorganization.
Neither Maxim nor Dallas Semiconductor will take
any action that could prevent the merger from being treated for financial
accounting purposes as a pooling of interests, and each of Maxim and Dallas
Semiconductor will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain an executed
affiliate pooling agreement from its respective affiliates regarding compliance
with Rule 145 under the Securities Act and the requirements for pooling of
interests accounting treatment.

     
Notification of Certain Matters

     - Each of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim must promptly notify the other if
       any representation or warranty made by that party in the merger agreement
       becomes untrue in any material respect and of any failure by that party
       to satisfy in any material respect any condition or agreement under the
       merger agreement.

     
- Each of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim must give the other prompt notice
       of any communication from a person alleging that this person's consent is
       required in connection with the merger, any communication from any
       governmental authority in connection with the merger, any litigation that
       relates to the merger and any change that could reasonably be expected to
       have a material adverse effect on the ability of either Maxim or Dallas
       Semiconductor to consummate the merger.

     - Dallas Semiconductor must notify Maxim within one business day of any
       indication it receives from any engineer or key employee that he or she
       may terminate his or her employment with Dallas Semiconductor.

     
Listing on the Nasdaq National Market.
Maxim will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Maxim common stock to be issued in the merger and upon
exercise of the Dallas Semiconductor options to be assumed in the merger to be
approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market.

     Public Announcements.
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor will consult with, and
obtain the approval of, the other party before issuing any press release or
other public announcement with respect to the merger or the merger agreement.

     
Takeover Laws.
Dallas Semiconductor and the Dallas Semiconductor board of
directors will take all necessary actions to eliminate or minimize the effects
of any form of anti-takeover statute, regulation, charter provision or contract
that becomes applicable to the merger, the merger agreement or the stock option
agreement.

     
Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance.
For six years after
the effective time of the merger, Maxim will cause Dallas Semiconductor to
continue to indemnify Dallas Semiconductor's directors and officers for actions
and omissions made in their official capacities and occurring prior to the
effective time of the merger.
For six years after the merger, Maxim will cause
Dallas Semiconductor to maintain in effect the amount of coverage provided under
Dallas Semiconductor's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies
with respect to matters occurring before the merger, provided that the cost of
such insurance does not exceed 150% of the most recent annual premium paid by
Dallas Semiconductor.
In the event the premium exceeds that amount, Maxim must
cause Dallas Semiconductor to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage
reasonably available for a cost not exceeding such amount.
Maxim

unconditionally guarantees these obligations to the extent that they are not
satisfied by Dallas Semiconductor as the surviving corporation or by its
directors' and officers' liability coverage.

     
Rights Agreement.
The Dallas Semiconductor board of directors will take all
action necessary in order to render its rights agreement inapplicable to the
merger, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the stock
option agreement and will not take any action under the rights agreement to
facilitate an Acquisition Proposal.

     
Section 16 of Securities Exchange Act.
The boards of directors of Maxim
and/or Dallas Semiconductor, as applicable, will adopt a resolution so that the
assumption of outstanding employee options held by Dallas Semiconductor insiders
and the receipt by Dallas Semiconductor insiders of Maxim common stock in
exchange for Dallas Semiconductor common stock pursuant to the merger will be
exempt transactions for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act.

     
Maxim Board Seat.
When the merger is completed, the number of directors on
Maxim's board of directors will be increased by one and M.D. Sampels, currently
a director of Dallas Semiconductor, will be elected to serve as a director on
Maxim's board of directors until the next annual stockholders' meeting of Maxim
or such time as his successor will have been duly elected or appointed and
qualified.


CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     Each party's obligation to effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of various conditions, which include the following:

     - the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy
       statement/prospectus is a part, will have been declared effective by the
       SEC and no stop order suspending its effectiveness will have been issued;

     - the merger agreement will have been approved and adopted by the
       affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and
       outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock;

     - the shares of Maxim common stock issuable to Dallas Semiconductor
       stockholders will have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq National
       Market, subject to official notice of issuance;

     - all applicable waiting periods or approvals under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
       Act and foreign competition laws will have expired, been terminated or
       been received;

     - no laws and no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
       injunction, or other order issued by any court or other governmental
       entity will be in effect that would make the merger illegal or would
       otherwise prohibit the consummation of the merger on substantially the
       same terms as contemplated in the merger agreement;

     - the representations and warranties of the other party contained in the
       merger agreement which are qualified as to material adverse effect will
       be true in all respects and the representations and warranties which are
       not qualified as to material adverse effect will be true in all respects,
       except where the failure in any case to be true would not, individually
       or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
       effect;

     - the other party will have performed its agreements required by the merger
       agreement and the stock option agreement on or before the closing of the
       merger, except where failure to perform will not result in any material
       effect that is adverse to either Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor;

     - as to Maxim only, Maxim will have received evidence that all necessary
       approvals of governmental authorities and other third parties have been
       obtained, except where failure to obtain the approvals would not result
       in a material adverse effect;

     - as to Maxim only, Maxim will have received a letter from Maxim's
       independent auditors regarding their concurrence with Maxim management's
       conclusions that the merger will qualify for pooling of interests
       accounting;

     - as to Maxim only, each person required to execute a Dallas Semiconductor
       affiliate pooling agreement will have done so;

     - as to Maxim only, the change in control agreements of each of Messrs.
       Alan P. Hale, Michael L. Bolan and Chao C. Mai will be amended in the
       manner provided in the merger agreement to reduce the amounts payable to
       them upon consummation of the merger and to provide for a payment to them
       in consideration for their continued services to the surviving
       corporation with certain qualifications;

     - as to Dallas Semiconductor only, Dallas Semiconductor will have received
       a written opinion of Jenkens & Gilchrist, its legal counsel, to the
       effect that the merger will constitute a reorganization within the
       meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; and

     - as to Dallas Semiconductor only, Maxim will have made arrangements for
       the payment at the effective time of the merger of certain agreed upon
       obligations to the extent not satisfied by Dallas Semiconductor prior to
       the effective time of the merger.


TERMINATION

     The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger abandoned at any time
by either Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor, whether before or after the special
meeting, if:

     - Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor mutually agree to terminate the merger
       agreement;

     - the merger is not completed by June 30, 2001, other than as a result of
       the failure by the party proposing to terminate the merger agreement to
       perform its obligations;

     - a final and nonappealable order is entered enjoining or prohibiting the
       completion of the merger;

     - the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders fail to approve the merger
       agreement at the special meeting; or

     - the other party materially breaches its representations or agreements so
       that a closing condition would not be satisfied and the breach remains
       uncured 30 days following notice.

     
In addition, Maxim may terminate the merger agreement if:

     - the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors withdraws or modifies in an
       adverse manner its recommendation of the merger or approves or recommends
       another Acquisition Proposal;

     - Dallas Semiconductor breaches in any material respect the
       non-solicitation covenant;

     - Dallas Semiconductor fails to mail this proxy statement/prospectus or
       fails to include in this proxy statement/prospectus the approval and
       recommendation of its board of directors;

     - the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors fails to publicly reaffirm
       its approval and recommendation of the merger after a written request
       from Maxim to do so following the announcement of another Acquisition
       Proposal; or

     - any third party acquires beneficial ownership of or the right to acquire
       15% or more of the outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common
       stock.

     
Effect of Termination.
The merger agreement provides that, upon
termination, the merger agreement will become void, other than those sections of
the merger agreement that expressly survive the termination, and neither Maxim
nor Dallas Semiconductor will have any liability to the other except for any
termination fee that may become payable by Dallas Semiconductor and except that
no party will be relieved from liability for any breach of the merger agreement
prior to its termination.


TERMINATION FEE

     Dallas Semiconductor will pay to Maxim a $75 million termination fee if any
of the following events occur:

     - Maxim terminates the merger agreement due to:

       - the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors withdrawing or modifying in
         an adverse manner its recommendation of the merger or approving or
         recommending another Acquisition Proposal;

       - Dallas Semiconductor's material breach of the non-solicitation
         covenant;

       - Dallas Semiconductor's failure to mail the proxy statement/prospectus
         or failure to include in the proxy statement/prospectus the approval
         and recommendation of its board of directors; or

       - the Dallas Semiconductor board of director's failure to publicly
         reaffirm its approval and recommendation after a written request from
         Maxim to do so following the announcement of another Acquisition
         Proposal.

     - While an Acquisition Proposal for Dallas Semiconductor has been publicly
       announced or communicated to the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors,
       the merger agreement is terminated due to the material breach of the
       merger agreement by Dallas Semiconductor, the failure to obtain the
       Dallas Semiconductor stockholder approval or the acquisition by any third
       party of beneficial ownership of or the right to acquire 15% or more of
       the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of
       Dallas Semiconductor, and within 12 months after such termination, Dallas
       Semiconductor enters into an agreement with respect to an alternative
       Acquisition Proposal or consummates an alternative Acquisition Proposal.


AMENDMENT; WAIVER

     The merger agreement may be amended by written agreement of Maxim and
Dallas Semiconductor at any time prior to the effective time of the merger,
except that after approval of the merger by the Dallas Semiconductor
stockholders, no amendment may be made that would reduce the amount or change
the type of consideration into which each share of Dallas Semiconductor common
stock shall be converted on consummation of the merger.

     
The merger agreement provides that any party to the merger agreement may:
(1) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties to the merger agreement; (2) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement; and (3) waive
compliance with any of the agreements and conditions contained in the merger
agreement.

                        AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

     This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes the stock option
agreement entered into by Dallas Semiconductor in connection with the merger
agreement and the affiliate pooling agreements entered into, or to be entered
into, between Dallas Semiconductor and its affiliates.
The stock option
agreement and the form of affiliate pooling agreement are attached at Annex B
and Annex D.
While we believe that this description covers the material terms of
these agreements, this summary may not contain all of the information that is
important to you.
We encourage you to read these agreements in their entirety.


STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

     In connection with the merger agreement, Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor
entered into a stock option agreement under which Dallas Semiconductor granted
to Maxim an irrevocable option to purchase, in whole or in part, an aggregate of
up to 9,259,002 shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock at a price of
$26.8125 per share, exercisable as described below.


When the Option May Be Exercised

     Maxim may exercise the option at any time following the date on which it
becomes entitled to receive a termination fee of $75 million under the merger
agreement.
The right of Maxim to exercise the option expires on the first to
occur of:

     - the completion of the merger;

     - twelve months following the date on which the option first became
       exercisable;

     - written notice of termination of the stock option agreement by Maxim; or

     - the termination of the merger agreement, as long as no event has occurred
       or could occur during a specified future period that would entitle Maxim
       to a termination fee under the merger agreement, in which case the option
       shall not expire until the earlier to occur of (1) 15 business days from
       the date on which the termination fee under the merger agreement becomes
       unconditionally payable and (2) the expiration of such future period.


Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization and Substitute Option

     The number and kind of securities subject to the stock option agreement and
the exercise price will be adjusted for any change in the number of issued and
outstanding shares of common stock or other change in capitalization of Dallas
Semiconductor.
Accordingly, Maxim will receive, upon exercise of the option, the
number and class of shares or other securities or property that Maxim would have
received if the option had been exercised immediately before the event or record
date for the event, as applicable.
In addition, if additional shares of common
stock of Dallas Semiconductor become outstanding after January 28, 2001, the
total number of shares of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock subject to the
option will be automatically increased to 14.9% of its issued and outstanding
common stock, excluding any shares previously issued upon exercise of the
option.

     
In the event that Dallas Semiconductor enters into any agreement:

     - to consolidate with or merge into any person other than Maxim, and Dallas
       Semiconductor will not be the continuing or surviving corporation in the
       consolidation or merger;

     - to permit any person, other than Maxim, to merge into Dallas
       Semiconductor in a transaction in which the outstanding shares of common
       stock of Dallas Semiconductor will be changed into cash, securities or
       any other property;

     - to enter into any merger with or into any person in which the outstanding
       shares of common stock of Dallas Semiconductor will, after the merger,
       represent less than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the
       merged company; or

     - to sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to
       any person other than Maxim;

then, in each case, the agreement governing the transaction must contain a
provision that the option granted under the stock option agreement will upon
completion of the transaction be converted into a substitute option with
substantially identical terms.


Repurchase at the Option of Maxim

     After the option becomes exercisable, Maxim has the right to require Dallas
Semiconductor to repurchase the option, in whole or in part, and any shares
acquired upon exercise of the option at any time.
The repurchase price for any
such repurchase will equal:

     - the excess of the market/offer price referred to below over the exercise
       price times the number of shares with respect to which the option has not
       been exercised; and

     - the market/offer price multiplied by the number of shares purchased by
       Maxim upon exercise of the option.

     
The term "market/offer price" is defined in the stock option agreement to
mean the highest of:

     - the highest price per share at which a tender offer or exchange offer for
       Dallas Semiconductor's common stock has been made; or

     - the highest closing price for shares of Dallas Semiconductor's common
       stock for the six months prior to the exercise of the repurchase right by
       Maxim.


Repurchase at the Option of Dallas Semiconductor

     If Maxim has purchased shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock pursuant
to the stock option agreement, then Dallas Semiconductor may, between six and
twelve months after the option originally became exercisable, repurchase those
shares.
The repurchase price for any such purchase will equal the number of
shares to be repurchased multiplied by the market/offer price referred to above.


Right of First Refusal

     The stock option agreement provides that Dallas Semiconductor shall have a
right of first refusal with respect to any significant sale by Maxim of shares
of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock purchased by Maxim pursuant to the stock
option agreement, other than sales to Maxim's affiliates or in registered
offerings.


Registration Rights

     The stock option agreement provides Maxim demand and piggyback registration
rights with respect to all shares purchased by Maxim under the stock option
agreement.


Profit Limitation

     The stock option agreement provides that in no event will the actual or
imputed profit made by Maxim on the actual or hypothetical disposition of the
shares of common stock of Dallas Semiconductor for which the option is
exercisable, together with any termination fees paid to Maxim under the merger
agreement, exceed, in the aggregate, $75 million.

     
In addition, the option may not be exercised for a number of shares that
would result in a "notional total profit," as defined below, together with any
termination fees paid to Maxim under the merger agreement, of more than $75
million.
If exercise of the option would otherwise result in the notional total
profit exceeding that amount, Maxim, in its discretion, may take any of several
actions so that the notional total profit does not exceed $75 million.

     
For purposes of the stock option agreement, "total profit" means the
aggregate amount, before taxes, of:

     - any amounts received by Maxim upon repurchase of the option by Dallas
       Semiconductor;

     - the excess of (1) amounts received by Maxim upon repurchase by Dallas
       Semiconductor of shares of its common stock purchased by Maxim under the
       stock option agreement over (2) the exercise price paid for such shares
       by Maxim; and

     - the excess of (1) the net cash received by Maxim for third-party, arm's
       length sales of Dallas Semiconductor common stock purchased by Maxim
       under the stock option agreement over (2) the exercise price paid for
       such shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock.

     
For purposes of the stock option agreement, "notional total profit" with
respect to any number of shares Maxim proposes to purchase under the option
means the total profit on the proposed purchase date assuming that those shares
were purchased and, together with all other shares received upon exercise of the
option and held by Maxim and its affiliates as of that date, were sold for cash
at the closing market price for Dallas Semiconductor's common stock as of the
close of business on the preceding trading day, less customary brokerage
commissions.


Assignment

     The stock option agreement may not be assigned by either of the parties
without the prior written consent of the other party.


Effect of Stock Option Agreement

     The stock option agreement is intended to increase the likelihood that the
merger will be completed on the terms set forth in the merger agreement and to
compensate Maxim for the efforts undertaken and the expenses and losses incurred
by it if the merger is not completed.
The stock option, if exercised, may
prevent a third party from completing a pooling of interests transaction with
Dallas Semiconductor for a period of two years and could make any business
combination with a third party more expensive than would otherwise be the case.

     
Consequently, the stock option agreement may discourage persons who might
be interested in acquiring all or a significant interest in Dallas Semiconductor
before completion of the merger from considering or proposing an acquisition,
even if those persons were prepared to offer higher consideration per share of
Dallas Semiconductor common stock than the consideration implicit in the merger.


AFFILIATE POOLING AGREEMENT

     In connection with the merger, each of Dallas Semiconductor's affiliates
has executed an affiliate pooling agreement.
Under these agreements Dallas
Semiconductor affiliates have agreed not to make any sale or transfer of either
Dallas Semiconductor common stock or Maxim common stock that would cause the
merger not to be treated as a pooling of interests in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and the regulations of the SEC.

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The following unaudited pro forma combined financial statements give effect
to the proposed merger of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor on a pooling of
interests basis.
The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are based
on the respective historical consolidated financial statements and the
accompanying notes of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, which are incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.
The unaudited pro forma combined
balance sheet assumes that the merger took place on December 30, 2000 and
combines Maxim's December 30, 2000 unaudited consolidated balance sheet with
Dallas Semiconductor's December 31, 2000 consolidated balance sheet.
The
unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations assume that the merger
took place as of the beginning of the periods presented.
Maxim's unaudited
consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended December 30, 2000
has been combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited consolidated statement
of operations for the six months ended December 31, 2000.
Maxim's consolidated
statement of operations for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2000 has been
combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited consolidated statement of
operations for the twelve months ended July 2, 2000.
This combining methodology
includes the last two reported quarters of Dallas Semiconductor's fiscal year
ended January 2, 2000 and the first two reported quarters of its fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000.
Maxim's consolidated statements of operations for the
fiscal years ended June 26, 1999 and June 27, 1998 have been combined with
Dallas Semiconductor's consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal
years ended January 2, 2000 and January 3, 1999, respectively.
This presentation
has the effect of including Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited results of
operations for the six-month period ended January 2, 2000 in both the fiscal
year ended January 2, 2000 and the twelve-month period ended July 2, 2000
included in the unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations.
The
periods combined for purposes of presenting the unaudited pro forma combined
statements of operations are not necessarily indicative of the periods expected
to be combined after the date of the closing of the merger.

     
The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are based on the
estimates and assumptions set forth in the notes to such statements.
The pro
forma adjustments made in connection with the development of the pro forma
information are preliminary and have been made solely for purposes of developing
such pro forma information for illustrative purposes necessary to comply with
the disclosure requirements of the SEC.
The unaudited pro forma combined
financial statements do not purport to be indicative of the results of
operations for future periods or the combined financial position or the results
that actually would have been realized had the entities been a single entity
during these periods.

     
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor estimate that they will incur direct
transaction costs of approximately $25.1 million associated with the merger,
which are expected to be charged to operations in the fiscal quarter in which
the merger is consummated.
There can be no assurance that Maxim will not incur
additional charges in subsequent quarters to reflect costs associated with the
merger.

     
These unaudited pro forma combined financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and the
related notes thereto of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, which are incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.

                         
MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

                                                              DALLAS
                                           MAXIM           SEMICONDUCTOR      PRO FORMA         PRO FORMA
                                     DECEMBER 30, 2000   DECEMBER 31, 2000   ADJUSTMENTS*        COMBINED
                                     -----------------   -----------------   ------------       ----------

ASSETS
Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents........     $   59,702           $ 29,160          $                $   88,862
  Short-term investments...........        697,569            223,435                              921,004
  Accounts receivable, net.........        127,420             81,673                              209,093
  Inventories......................         63,451             81,084                              144,535
  Deferred tax assets..............         51,393             24,166             8,693(3,6)        84,252
  Income tax refund receivable.....          6,500                 --                                6,500
  Other current assets.............          5,231              8,357                               13,588
                                        ----------           
--------          --------         ----------
     Total current assets..........      1,011,266            447,875             8,693          1,467,834
Property, plant and equipment
  net..............................        486,534            266,646                              753,180
Other assets.......................          
6,214             13,831                               20,045
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total assets..................     $1,504,014           $728,352          $  8,693         $2,241,059
                                        ==========           ========          ========         ==========
LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable.................     $   81,197           $ 56,150          $                $  137,347
  Income taxes payable.............          
8,555              4,488                               13,043
  Accrued salaries.................         
42,719             25,103            (1,012)(3)         66,810
  Accrued expenses.................         
73,195             27,044            17,737(2)         117,976
  Deferred income on shipments to
     distributors..................         24,904                 --            21,280(3)          46,184
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total current liabilities.....        230,570            112,785            38,005            381,360
Deferred tax liabilities...........         19,500                 --             1,194(6)          20,694
Other liabilities..................          4,000                 --                --              4,000
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total liabilities.............        254,070            112,785            39,199            406,054
Stockholders' equity
  Preferred stock..................             --                 --                --                 --
  Common stock (Maxim: 285,642,300
     shares; Dallas Semiconductor:
     60,850,353 shares; 323,746,791
     shares on a pro forma combined
     basis)........................            286              1,243            (1,205)(4)            324
  Additional paid-in capital.......         30,103            201,618           (33,889)(4,5)      197,832
  Treasury stock, shares at cost...             --            (35,094)           35,094(5)              --
  Retained earnings................      1,221,025            446,423           (30,506)(2,3)    1,636,942
  Accumulated other comprehensive
     income........................         (1,470)             1,377                                  (93)
                                        ----------           
--------          --------         
----------
     Total stockholders' equity....      1,249,944            615,567           (30,506)         1,835,005
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total liabilities &
       stockholders' equity........     $1,504,014           $728,352          $  8,693         $2,241,059
                                        ==========           ========          ========         ==========

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

                         
MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                 DALLAS
                                              MAXIM           SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        SIX MONTHS ENDED    SIX MONTHS ENDED     PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                        DECEMBER 30, 2000   DECEMBER 31, 2000   ADJUSTMENTS*     COMBINED
                                        -----------------   -----------------   ------------     ---------

Net sales.............................      $590,199            $269,595          $   (370)(3)   $859,424
Cost of goods sold....................       
173,789             129,172              (134)(3)    302,827
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
Gross margin..........................       416,410             140,423              (236)       556,597
Operating expenses:
  Research and development............        
97,997              35,226                --        133,223
  Selling, general and
     administrative...................        47,867              41,229               (18)(3)     89,078
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
     Total operating expenses.........       145,864              76,455               (18)       222,301
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
Income from operations................       270,546              63,968              (218)       334,296
Interest income and other, net........        
20,924               8,554                --         29,478
                                            --------            
--------          --------       
--------
Income before income taxes............       291,470              72,522              (218)       363,774
Provision for income taxes............        99,100              23,205               (81)(6)    122,224
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
Net income............................      $192,370            $ 49,317          $   (137)      $241,550
                                            ========            ========          ========       ========
Net income per common share:
  Basic...............................      $   0.68            $   0.81                         $   0.75
  Diluted.............................      $   0.60            $   0.77                         $   0.67
Shares used in the calculation of net
  income per share:
  Basic...............................       284,274              60,545           (22,632)(7)    322,187
  Diluted.............................       321,298              64,053           (23,943)(7)    361,408
Dividends declared per share..........      $     --            $  0.065                         $  0.012

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

                         
MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                 DALLAS
                                            MAXIM            SEMICONDUCTOR
                                         FISCAL YEAR         TWELVE MONTHS       PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                     ENDED JUNE 24, 2000   ENDED JULY 2, 2000   ADJUSTMENTS*      COMBINED
                                     -------------------   ------------------   ------------     ----------

Net sales..........................       $864,924              $456,009          $(9,698)(3)    $1,311,235
Cost of goods sold.................        
260,171               219,256           (4,623)(3)       474,804
                                          --------              
--------          -------        ----------
Gross margin.......................        604,753               236,753           (5,075)          836,431
Operating expenses:
  Research and development.........        
142,279                56,848               --           199,127
  Selling, general and
     administrative................         
77,082                69,414             (485)(3)       146,011
                                          --------              --------          -------        ----------
     Total operating expenses......        219,361               126,262             (485)          345,138
                                          --------              
--------          -------        
----------
Income from operations.............        385,392               110,491           (4,590)          491,293
Interest income and other, net.....         39,789                12,024               --            51,813
                                          --------              
--------          -------        
----------
Income before income taxes.........        
425,181               122,515           (4,590)          543,106
Provision for income taxes.........        144,562                39,275           (1,697)(6)       
182,140
                                          --------              --------          -------        
----------
Net income.........................       $280,619              $ 83,240          $(2,893)       $  360,966
                                          ========              ========          =======        ==========
Net income per common share:
  Basic............................       $   1.01              $   1.41                         $     1.15
  Diluted..........................       $   0.88              $   1.32                         $     1.01
Shares used in the calculation of
  net income per share:
  Basic............................        277,640                59,119          (22,099)(7)       314,660
  Diluted..........................        317,832                63,193          (23,622)(7)       357,403
Dividends declared per share.......       
$     --              $  0.115                         $    0.022

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

                         
MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                               DALLAS
                                          MAXIM             SEMICONDUCTOR
                                       FISCAL YEAR        FISCAL YEAR ENDED     PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                   ENDED JUNE 26, 1999     JANUARY 2, 2000     ADJUSTMENTS*      COMBINED
                                   -------------------   
-------------------   ------------     ----------

Net sales........................       $606,965              $390,207           $  3,443(3)    $1,000,615
Cost of goods sold...............        189,673               188,650              1,658(3)       379,981
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
Gross margin.....................        417,292               201,557              1,785          620,634
Operating expenses:
  Research and development.......         
88,249                50,354                 --          138,603
  Selling, general and
     administrative..............         52,275                61,259                172(3)       113,706
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
     Total operating expenses....        
140,524               111,613                172          252,309
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
Income from operations...........        
276,768                89,944              1,613          368,325
Interest income and other, net...         20,386                 9,717                 --           30,103
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
Income before income taxes.......        297,154                99,661              1,613          398,428
Provision for income taxes.......        101,032                31,323                597(6)       132,952
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
Net income.......................       $196,122              $ 68,338           $  1,016       $  265,476
                                        ========              ========           ========       ==========
Net income per common share:
  Basic..........................       $   0.74              $   1.18                          $     0.88
  Diluted........................       $   0.64              $   1.11                          $     0.77
Shares used in the calculation of
  net income per share:
  Basic..........................        265,444                57,704            (21,570)(7)      301,578
  Diluted........................        304,118                61,768            (23,089)(7)      342,797
Dividends declared per share.....       $     --              $  0.100                          $    0.019

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

                         
MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                               DALLAS
                                          MAXIM             SEMICONDUCTOR
                                       FISCAL YEAR        FISCAL YEAR ENDED     PRO FORMA        PRO FORMA
                                   ENDED JUNE 27, 1998     JANUARY 3, 1999     ADJUSTMENTS*      COMBINED
                                   -------------------   
-------------------   ------------      ---------

Net sales........................       $560,220              $341,333           $  1,486(3)     $903,039
Cost of goods sold...............        183,724               162,418                703(3)      346,845
                                        --------              
--------           --------        
--------
Gross margin.....................        376,496               178,915                783         556,194
Operating expenses:
  Research and development.......         
72,204                47,452                 --         119,656
  Selling, general and
     administrative..............         49,256                56,523                 75(3)      105,854
                                        --------              
--------           --------        
--------
     Total operating expenses....        
121,460               103,975                 75         225,510
                                        --------              
--------                           --------
Income from operations...........        255,036                74,940                708         330,684
Interest income and other, net...         14,879                 6,390                 --          21,269
                                        --------              --------           --------        --------
Income before income taxes.......        269,915                81,330                708         351,953
Provision for income taxes.......         91,771                25,920                262(6)      117,953
                                        --------              --------           --------        --------
Net income.......................       $178,144              $ 55,410           $    446        $234,000
                                        ========              ========           ========        ========
Net income per common share:
  Basic..........................       $   0.69              $   0.99                           $   0.79
  Diluted........................       $   0.59              $   0.93                           $   0.69
Shares used in the calculation of
  net income per share:
  Basic..........................        259,676                55,986            (20,928)(7)     294,734
  Diluted........................        301,322                59,914            (22,396)(7)     338,840
Dividends declared per share.....       
$     --              $  0.080                           $  0.015

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

           NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) PERIODS COMBINED

     The Maxim unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of December 30, 2000 has
been combined with the Dallas Semiconductor unaudited consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2000.

     
Maxim's unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the six months
ended December 30, 2000 has been combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited
consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended December 31, 2000.

Maxim's consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended June 24,
2000 has been combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited consolidated
statement of operations for the twelve months ended July 2, 2000.
This combining
methodology includes the last two reported quarters of Dallas Semiconductor's
fiscal year ended January 2, 2000 and the first two reported quarters of its
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
Maxim's consolidated statements of
operations for the fiscal years ended June 26, 1999 and June 27, 1998 have been
combined with Dallas Semiconductor's consolidated statement of operations for
the fiscal years ended January 2, 2000 and January 3, 1999, respectively.
This
presentation has the effect of including Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited
results of operations for the six-month period ended January 2, 2000 in both the
fiscal year ended January 2, 2000 and the twelve-month period ended July 2, 2000
included in the unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations.
Dallas
Semiconductor's net sales, net income and diluted net income per common share
for the six-month period ended January 2, 2000 as derived from the unaudited
historical consolidated financial statements of Dallas Semiconductor are $208.6
million, $37.1 million and $0.60 per share, respectively.

     
The periods combined for purposes of presenting the unaudited pro forma
combined statements of operations are not necessarily indicative of the periods
expected to be combined after the date of the closing of the merger.


(2) MERGER COSTS

     Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor estimate that they will incur direct
transaction costs, or merger expenses, of approximately $25.1 million associated
with the merger.
These costs consist of approximately $14.4 million, which is
intended to satisfy existing employment contracts and other non-employee
director arrangements; a $5.4 million payment to be made under a previously
existing life insurance arrangement, which results from the change in control
arising from the merger; and $5.3 million for investment banking, legal,
accounting, filings with regulatory agencies, financial printing and other
related costs.

     
The merger expenses are expected to be charged to operations in the fiscal
quarter in which the merger is consummated.
The unaudited pro forma combined
balance sheet gives effect to such charges as if they had been incurred as of
December 30, 2000, but the effects of these costs have not been reflected in the
unaudited pro forma combined statements of income as they are nonrecurring in
nature.
It is expected that substantially all of these merger expenses will be
paid out of existing cash reserves within twelve months after the consummation
of the merger.

     
The income tax effect of these charges has also been reflected as a pro
forma adjustment.


(3) DEFERRED INCOME ON SHIPMENTS TO DISTRIBUTORS

     Both Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor have sales to domestic distributors
under agreements that provide for certain price rebates, allowances and return
privileges.
Maxim defers recognition of these sales until the merchandise is
sold by the domestic distributors.
Dallas Semiconductor recognizes these sales,
which are reduced by estimated future price reductions and returns, upon
shipment to domestic distributors.
This adjustment reflects the conforming of
Dallas Semiconductor's revenue recognition policy and presentation to that of
Maxim.

(4) EXCHANGE OF STOCK

     This adjustment reflects the reclassification of additional paid-in capital
of Dallas Semiconductor to conform to the presentation of Maxim.

(5) TREASURY STOCK

     This adjustment reflects the retirement of Dallas Semiconductor treasury
stock to conform to the presentation of Maxim.

(6) INCOME TAXES

     This adjustment conforms the classification of deferred taxes to the
presentation of Maxim and records the income tax effect of the pro forma
adjustments.


(7) PRO FORMA NET INCOME PER SHARE

     
The unaudited pro forma combined basic and diluted net income per share are
based upon the pro forma combined weighted average number of common and common
equivalent shares of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor outstanding for each period
at an assumed exchange ratio of 0.6262 shares of Maxim common stock for each
share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock.
The assumed exchange ratio was
calculated based on the average closing price of Maxim's common stock over the
ten trading days ended February 27, 2001 of $56.24 per share and the number of
fully diluted Dallas Semiconductor shares of common stock that would have been
outstanding on February 26, 2001, calculated under the treasury stock method
using an implied price per share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock derived
from the Maxim average closing price of $56.24 and the exchange ratio formula
contained in the merger agreement.
The actual exchange ratio will not be
determined until the close of business on the date immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger.
See "The Merger -- What You Will Receive in the
Merger.
"

                       DESCRIPTION OF MAXIM CAPITAL STOCK

     The following description of certain rights, preferences and privileges of
the capital stock of Maxim does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to Maxim's certificate of incorporation.
For more
information as to how you can obtain a copy of Maxim's certificate of
incorporation, see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 73.


MAXIM COMMON STOCK

     Maxim's certificate of incorporation authorizes Maxim to issue up to
960,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share.
Each Maxim share
is entitled to one vote, in person or by proxy, at any and all meetings of the
Maxim stockholders on all propositions before such meetings other than the
election of directors.
Directors are elected by cumulative voting.
Subject to
any preferential rights of any outstanding series of Maxim preferred stock
created by Maxim's board of directors from time to time, the holders of Maxim
common stock are entitled to dividends only if, when and as the dividends are
declared by Maxim's board of directors and as may be permitted by law, and, upon
liquidation, will be entitled to receive pro rata all assets of Maxim available
for distribution to such holders.
As of February 28, 2001, 286,241,710 Maxim
shares were issued and outstanding.
For a description of voting requirements and
change of control restrictions, see "Comparison of Certain Rights of
Stockholders of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor" beginning on page 69.


MAXIM PREFERRED STOCK

     Maxim is also authorized to issue 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
value $0.001 per share, from time to time in one or more series and with such
designation for each such series as determined by the Maxim board of directors.

The Maxim board of directors may, without further action by the Maxim
stockholders, issue a series of Maxim preferred stock and state and fix the
relative rights, preferences and limitations of those shares, including the
dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and
terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), redemption price or
prices and liquidation preferences.
Maxim does not currently have any preferred
stock outstanding.


TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

     Boston EquiServe is the transfer agent and registrar for the Maxim common
stock.

                  
COMPARISON OF CERTAIN RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS
                       OF MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

     Upon completion of the merger, the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor
will become stockholders of Maxim, and Maxim's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws will govern the rights of former Dallas Semiconductor stockholders.
Both
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor are incorporated under, and subject to, Delaware
law.

     
The following is a summary of the material differences between the rights
of holders of Maxim common stock and the rights of holders of Dallas
Semiconductor common stock.
These differences arise from differences between
Maxim's certificate of incorporation and bylaws, on the one hand, and Dallas
Semiconductor's certificate of incorporation and bylaws, on the other hand.
See
"Description of Maxim Capital Stock" on page 68.
This discussion is not, and
does not purport to be, complete or to identify all differences that may, under
given situations, be material to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders.
The
following summaries are qualified in their entirety by reference to Maxim's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are filed, or incorporated by
reference, as exhibits to Maxim's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
June 24, 2000 and Maxim's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for each of the periods
ended December 31, 1999 and December 30, 2000, and to Dallas Semiconductor's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are filed, or incorporated by
reference, as exhibits to Dallas Semiconductor's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2000.
To obtain these documents, see "Where You Can
Find More Information" on page 73.

                                       
DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             MAXIM STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                       --------------------            
------------------------

AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK:        
The authorized capital stock of   The authorized capital stock of
                                 Dallas Semiconductor consists of  Maxim consists of 960 million
                                 100 million shares of common      shares of common stock and two
                                 stock and five million shares of  million shares of preferred
                                 preferred stock.                  
stock.

NUMBER OF DIRECTORS:             The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
                                 provide that the board of         the Maxim board of directors
                                 directors shall consist of more   shall have five directors,
                                 than one director or a number as  subject to an amendment to the
                                 the board of directors shall fix  bylaws.
The Maxim board of
                                 from time to time by resolution   directors will be increased to
                                 of the board of directors then    six upon completion of the
                                 in office.
The board of           merger.
                                 
directors currently consists of
                                 five directors.
QUORUM FOR MEETING OF            The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
DIRECTORS:                       provide that a majority of the    the majority of the number of
                                 total number of directors shall   directors specified in the
                                 constitute a quorum.              
bylaws will constitute a quorum.

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS:           The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim certificate of
                                 provide that directors are        incorporation provides that
                                 elected by a plurality vote of    directors may be elected by
                                 the holders of Dallas             cumulative voting.
Each
                                 Semiconductor shares which are    stockholder entitled to vote
                                 entitled to vote in the election  generally in the election of
                                 of directors.
Neither the Dallas  directors is entitled to cast
                                 Semiconductor certificate of      that number of votes as equal
                                 incorporation nor the Dallas      the number of shares of Maxim
                                 Semiconductor bylaws provide for  common stock owned by such
                                 cumulative voting in the          stockholder multiplied by the
                                 election of directors.            
number of directors to be
                                                                   elected, with the

                                       DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             MAXIM STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                       --------------------            ------------------------

                                                                   stockholder able to distribute
                                                                   the votes for a single director
                                                                   or any number of directors to be
                                                                   elected.

REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS:            The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
                                 generally provide that directors  directors may be removed, with
                                 may be removed only for cause at  or without cause, at a special
                                 a special or annual meeting of    meeting of stockholders called
                                 stockholders, and only by the     for such purpose by a vote of
                                 affirmative vote of the holders   the holders of a majority of the
                                 of at least 80% of the voting     outstanding shares entitled to
                                 power of common stock entitled    vote in the election of
                                 to elect that director, voting    directors.
                                 together as a single class;
                                 provided that, if a director is
                                 being removed on behalf of an
                                 "interested" or 10% owner of
                                 Dallas Semiconductor common
                                 stock, the director may not be
                                 removed without the approval of
                                 a majority of the outstanding
                                 shares not held by the
                                 "interested" or 10% owner.
A
                                 director may be removed with or
                                 without cause upon a
                                 recommendation of a majority of
                                 the disinterested directors and
                                 the affirmative vote of the
                                 holders of a majority of shares
                                 of common stock entitled to vote
                                 in the election of directors.

LIMITATIONS ON STOCKHOLDER       The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT:       provide that Dallas               Maxim stockholders may take
                                 Semiconductor's stockholders may  action by written consent in
                                 take action by written consent    lieu of a meeting, provided that
                                 in lieu of a meeting, provided    the consent is signed by the
                                 that the consent is signed by     minimum number of votes
                                 all of the stockholders entitled  necessary to take such action at
                                 to vote on the matter to be       a meeting at which all shares
                                 voted upon.                       
entitled to vote were present
                                                                   and voted.

AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS:             The Dallas Semiconductor          The Maxim certificate of
                                 certificate of incorporation and  incorporation and bylaws provide
                                 bylaws provide that the bylaws    that the bylaws may be altered,
                                 may be altered, amended or        amended or repealed and new
                                 repealed and new bylaws may be    bylaws may be adopted by action
                                 adopted by action of a majority   of the Maxim board of directors
                                 of the Dallas Semiconductor       or the affirmative vote of
                                 board of directors or the         holders of a majority of the
                                 affirmative vote of holders of a  outstanding shares entitled to
                                 majority of the outstanding       vote on that subject matter.
                                 
shares entitled to vote on that
                                 subject matter, provided that
                                 certain bylaws related to
                                 transactions with 10%, or

                                       DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             MAXIM STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                       --------------------            ------------------------

                                 "interested," stockholders may
                                 not be amended without the
                                 approval of a majority of the
                                 disinterested directors and
                                 stockholders holding a majority
                                 of the outstanding common stock
                                 or by the approval of holders of
                                 80% of the common stock and a
                                 majority of the common stock
                                 held by disinterested
                                 stockholders.

VOTING STOCK:                    
The outstanding voting            The outstanding voting
                                 securities of Dallas              securities of Maxim are the
                                 Semiconductor are the Dallas      Maxim common stock.
                                 
Semiconductor common stock.

STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLANS:        Each share of Dallas              Maxim does not have a rights
                                 Semiconductor common stock has    plan in place.
                                 
attached to it the right to
                                 purchase preferred shares issued
                                 pursuant to the Dallas
                                 Semiconductor rights plan.
                                 
Dallas Semiconductor has taken
                                 all action necessary to ensure
                                 that the rights issued under the
                                 rights plan agreement do not
                                 apply to the merger.

SPECIAL MEETINGS OF              The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
STOCKHOLDERS:                    provide that a special meeting    the board of directors or the
                                 of stockholders may be called by  holders of 10% or more of
                                 the chairman of the board or the  Maxim's common stock may call a
                                 board of directors.               
special meeting for any purpose.

FILLING VACANCIES ON THE BOARD   The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
OF DIRECTORS:                    provide that any vacancy on       any vacancies on Maxim's board
                                 Dallas Semiconductor's board of   of directors may be filled by a
                                 directors may be filled by a      majority of the directors then
                                 majority of the remaining board   in office.
                                 members.

LIMITATION ON BUSINESS           The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws do not restrict
TRANSACTED AT SPECIAL MEETINGS:  provide that business transacted  the business to be conducted at
                                 at any annual or special meeting  a special meeting of Maxim's
                                 of Dallas Semiconductor's         stockholders.
                                 
stockholders is limited to the
                                 purposes specified in the notice
                                 of the meeting or to purposes
                                 otherwise properly brought
                                 before the meeting.

RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSACTIONS     Dallas Semiconductor's            Maxim's certificate of
WITH INTERESTED STOCKHOLDERS:    certificate of incorporation      incorporation requires the
                                 requires the approval of 80% of   approval of 66.67% of its
                                 its stockholders, voting as a     stockholders prior to Maxim's
                                 single class, and a majority of   consummating a business
                                 the shares of common stock held   combination with a stockholder
                                 by disinterested stockholders,    holding 20% or more of its
                                 voting as a separate class,       common stock.
                                 
prior to Dallas Semiconductor's
                                 consummating a business
                                 combination with a

                                       DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             MAXIM STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                       --------------------            ------------------------

                                 stockholder holding 10% or more
                                 of its common stock.

                                    
EXPERTS

     Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the consolidated
financial statements of Maxim incorporated by reference in Maxim's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended June 24, 2000 and included in its 2000 Annual
Report to Stockholders, as set forth in their report, which is incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
statement.
The consolidated financial statements of Maxim are incorporated by
reference in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing.

     
The consolidated financial statements of Dallas Semiconductor as of
December 31, 2000 and for the year then ended, have been incorporated by
reference herein and in the registration statement in reliance upon the report
of KPMG LLP, independent certified public accountants, incorporated by reference
herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing.

     
Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the consolidated
financial statements of Dallas Semiconductor as of January 2, 2000 and for each
of the two fiscal years in the period ended January 2, 2000, included in Dallas
Semiconductor's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000,
as set forth in their report, which is incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement.
The
consolidated financial statements of Dallas Semiconductor are incorporated by
reference in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing.

                             
LEGAL AND TAX MATTERS

     
The validity of the Maxim shares to be issued in connection with the merger
is being passed upon for Maxim by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to Maxim.

     
Certain of the tax consequences of the merger will be passed upon at the
effective time, as a condition to the merger, by Jenkens & Gilchrist, a
Professional Corporation, counsel to Dallas Semiconductor.

                      
SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

     
If the merger and the merger agreement are approved and adopted by Dallas
Semiconductor stockholders and the merger is completed, Dallas Semiconductor
will not hold a 2001 annual meeting of stockholders.
If the merger agreement and
the merger are not approved and adopted by Dallas Semiconductor stockholders or
the merger is not completed for any other reason, the Dallas Semiconductor board
of directors requests that any stockholder proposals intended for presentation
at the 2001 annual meeting be submitted to the corporate secretary of Dallas
Semiconductor, in writing, no later than ten days after the first public
announcement of the date of such meeting for consideration for inclusion in
Dallas Semiconductor's proxy materials for such meeting.

     
In addition, under Dallas Semiconductor's bylaws, stockholders must comply
with specified procedures to nominate directors or introduce an item of business
at the 2001 annual meeting.
Nominations or an item of business to be introduced
at an annual meeting must be submitted in writing.
To be in proper written form,
a stockholder's notice must contain the specific information required by Dallas
Semiconductor's bylaws.
A copy of the bylaws which describes the advance notice
procedures can be obtained from the corporate secretary of Dallas Semiconductor.

               SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This proxy statement/prospectus includes "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act.
Such statements are identified by the use of
forward-looking words or phrases including, but not limited to, "intended,"
"expects," "expected," "anticipates" and "anticipated."
These forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations of Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor,
as the case may be.
All statements other than statements of historical facts
included in this proxy statement/prospectus, including those regarding the
financial position, results of operations, cash flows, business strategy,
projected costs, growth opportunities for existing products, benefits from new
technology, strategic and other benefits of the merger, cost savings and plans
and objectives of management for future operations of Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor, as the case may be, are forward-looking statements.
Although
Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor believes that the expectations of Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor, as the case may be, reflected in such forward-looking statements
are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to
have been correct.
Because forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties, the actual results of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, as the case
may be, could differ materially.
Important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from the expectations of Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor, as the case may be, are the cautionary statements disclosed under
"Risk Factors Relating to the Merger," "Risk Factors Relating to Maxim,"
"Maxim's Reasons for the Merger," "Dallas Semiconductor's Reasons for the
Merger" and elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus and in Maxim's and
Dallas Semiconductor's SEC filings listed below.
These forward-looking
statements represent the judgment of Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor, as the case
may be, as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.
All subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor or persons acting on behalf of Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements.
Maxim and
Dallas Semiconductor disclaim, however, any intent or obligation to update their
respective forward-looking statements.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor file annual, quarterly and special reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC.
You may read and copy any
reports, statements or other information we file at the SEC's Public Reference
Rooms in Washington, D.C.,
450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington D.C. 20549.
Please
call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference
rooms.
These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial
document retrieval services and at the Internet world wide web site maintained
by the SEC at www.sec.gov.

     
Maxim has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the
SEC the Maxim common stock to be issued to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders in
the merger.
This proxy statement/prospectus is a part of the Maxim registration
statement and constitutes both a prospectus of Maxim and a proxy statement of
Dallas Semiconductor for its special meeting.

     
As allowed by SEC rules, this proxy statement/prospectus does not contain
all the information you can find in the Maxim registration statement or the
exhibits to the Maxim registration statement.

     
The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information into this proxy
statement/prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information to
you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC.
The
information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded by information
contained directly in this proxy statement/prospectus.
This proxy
statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set

forth below that we have previously filed with the SEC.
These documents contain
important information about our companies and their financial condition.

              
MAXIM SEC FILINGS
            (FILE NO. 000-16538)                            PERIODS/FILING DATE
            --------------------                            
-------------------

Annual Report on Form 10-K                     Year ended June 24, 2000
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q                 Quarters ended September 23, 2000 and
                                               December 30, 2000
Proxy Statement                                Filed on October 6, 2000
Current Report on Form 8-K                     Filed on January 30, 2001

The description of Maxim's common stock
contained in its Registration Statement on
Form 8-A dated February 11, 1988, including
any amendments or reports filed for the
purpose of updating such description.

      
DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR SEC FILINGS
            (FILE NO. 001-10464)                            PERIODS/
FILING DATE
      --------------------------------                      
-------------------

Annual Report on Form 10-K                     Year ended December 31, 2000
Proxy Statement                                Filed on March 17, 2000
Current Reports on Form 8-K                    Filed on February 28, 2001 and January 30,

The description of Dallas Semiconductor's
common stock contained in its Registration
Statement on Form 8-A dated September 20,
1999, including any amendments or reports
filed for the purpose of updating such
description.

The description of the rights contained in
its Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated
September 20, 1999, including any amendments
or reports filed for the purpose of updating
such description.

     
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor also incorporate by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus additional documents that may be filed with the SEC
from the date of this proxy statement/prospectus to the date of the Dallas
Semiconductor special meeting.
These include periodic reports, such as Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form
8-K, as well as proxy statements.

     
Maxim has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference
in this proxy statement/ prospectus relating to Maxim, and Dallas Semiconductor
has supplied all such information relating to Dallas Semiconductor.

     
If you are a stockholder, we may already have sent you some of the
documents incorporated by reference, but you can obtain any of them through us,
the SEC or the SEC's Internet world wide web site, as described above.
Documents
incorporated by reference are available from us without charge, excluding all
exhibits unless we have specifically incorporated by reference an exhibit in
this proxy statement/ prospectus.
Stockholders may obtain documents incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/

prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate
company at the following addresses:

Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.            Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
120 San Gabriel Drive                      4401 South Beltwood Parkway
Sunnyvale, California 94086                Dallas, Texas 75244-3292
Tel: 408-737-7600                          Tel: 972-371-4300
Attn.:
Investor Relations                  Attn.:
Investor Relations

     IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS FROM US, PLEASE DO SO BY APRIL 4,
2001, TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR SPECIAL MEETING.

     
You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the transactions.
We
have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different
from what is contained in this proxy statement/prospectus.
This proxy
statement/prospectus is dated March 6, 2001.
You should not assume that the
information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any
date other than that date, and neither the mailing of this proxy
statement/prospectus to stockholders nor the issuance of Maxim common stock in
the merger shall create any implication to the contrary.


INFORMATION ON MAXIM'S WEB SITE

     Information on any Maxim Internet web site or the web site of any
subsidiary of Maxim is not part of this proxy statement/prospectus, and you
should not rely on that information in deciding whether to adopt the merger
agreement unless that information is also in this proxy statement/prospectus or
in a document that is incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus.


INFORMATION ON DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S WEB SITE

     Information on any Dallas Semiconductor Internet web site or the web site
of any subsidiary of Dallas Semiconductor is not part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and you should not rely on that information in deciding
whether to adopt the merger agreement unless that information is also in this
proxy statement/prospectus or in a document that is incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement/ prospectus.

                                                                         
ANNEX A
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                     AMONG

                        MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.,

                            MI ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

                                      AND

                        DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                          DATED AS OF JANUARY 28, 2001

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                         PAGE
                                                                         ----

ARTICLE I  THE MERGER..................................................   A-1
     1.1.  
The Merger..................................................   A-1
     1.2.  
Effective Time..............................................   A-2
     1.3.  
Effect of the Merger........................................   
A-2
     1.4.  
Certification of Incorporation; Bylaws......................   A-2
     1.5.  
Directors and Officers......................................   A-2
     1.6.  
Conversion of Company Common Stock, Etc.....................   A-2
     1.7.  
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock.......   A-3
     1.8.  
Stock Options and Warrants..................................   A-3
     1.9.  
Capital Stock of Merger Sub.................................   A-4
           Adjustments to Exchange Ratio...............................
    1.10.                                                                 A-4
           Fractional Shares...........................................
    1.11.                                                                 
A-4
           Surrender of Certificates...................................
    1.12.                                                                 A-4
           Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock............
    1.13.                                                                 
A-5
           Closing.....................................................
    1.14.                                                                 
A-5
           Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates......................
    1.15.                                                                 
A-6
           Tax Consequences............................................
    1.16.                                                                 
A-6

ARTICLE II  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY..............   
A-6
     2.1.  
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries................   
A-6
     2.2.  
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.....................   A-7
     2.3.  
Capitalization..............................................   A-7
     2.4.  
Authority; Enforceability...................................   A-8
     2.5.  