URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1022959/000095014401002764/0000950144-01-002764.txt

THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         On August 7, 2000, Registry announced that it had terminated its
previously announced merger with Synergex International Corporation.

         
Beginning at the end of August, Registry began to reposition itself in
the mobile commerce industry by leveraging its existing speech application
technologies, incorporating and merging wireless technologies and shifting its
business model to focus on developing recurring revenue.
Registry began to seek
distribution capacity for its technologies through either a joint venture,
business combination or other synergistic relationship.

         
On September 6, 2000, David Kaye, Bristol's President, approached Larry
Cohen, Registry's Chairman, to discuss the strategic direction of both Registry
and Bristol.
Mr. Cohen and Mr. Kaye had preliminary discussions on the merits of
a possible business combination, and agreed to consider the merits of such a
combination.

         
From September 6, 2000 to October 2, 2000, Mr. Kaye and Mr. Cohen had
independent discussions with the outside directors of Bristol and Registry,
respectively.

         
During such time period, management and the board of directors of
Registry and Bristol, carefully reviewed the capitalization of each entity,
including, the outstanding options, warrants, exercise prices moving towards
determining an exchange ratio.
Management and the directors discussed in
addition, strategic issues in connection with the proposed combination,
including each company's future capital requirements and business opportunities.

         
During the negotiation stage, on October 20, 2000, Bristol executed a
promissory note whereby Registry was to advance $250,000 to Bristol for
Bristol's use as working capital.

         
On October 13, 2000, Mr. Cohen and Mr. Kaye advised the independent
directors of Bristol that an exchange ratio of .65 share of Registry common
stock for each share of Bristol common Stock would be proposed.
On October 13,
2000, Registry and Bristol's board of directors each held a meeting to consider
a proposed business combination.
As each meeting, Mr. Cohen and Mr. Kaye made
presentations to the board of directors concerning the business operations and
financial performance of each company, and the strategic vision for the combined
operations.
At part of that presentation, the board reviewed the exchange ratio
and the terms of the merger agreement.
In addition, each board of directors
recognized that an opinion concerning the fairness of the exchange ratio from a
financial point of view to its company's stockholders would be obtained, and
that this would be a condition to the merger agreement.

         
After lengthy discussions of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by that agreement and the other information presented to each
company's board of directors, the Registry and Bristol boards of their
respective directors each unanimously approved and authorized a merger agreement
and recommended the agreement to be submitted to its shareholders for adoption.

         
Following the October 13, 2000 meeting, representatives of Bristol and
Registry signed the merger agreement on November 6, 2000 on behalf of their
respective companies.

         
As described throughout, Messrs. Cohen and Kaye were officers and
directors of both companies, and Mr. Cohen is a principal shareholder of both
companies.


REGISTRY

         Registry's board of directors has approved the merger agreement and the
consummation of the merger.
In reaching its decision, Registry's board of
directors has identified several potential benefits of the merger, including the
following:

         o        Registry's shareholders would have the opportunity to
                  participate in the potential for growth of the combined
                  company after the merger;

         o        the merger will provide an opportunity for Registry to
                  reposition itself as a wireless provider;

         o        the combined experience, financial resources, size and breadth
                  of product offerings of the combined company will allow the
                  combined company to respond more quickly and effectively to
                  technological change, increased competition and market demand
                  in an industry experiencing rapid innovation and change;

         o        the combination of Bristol's products with Registry's products
                  will provide a secondary channel for voice and wireless
                  technology; and

         o        the creation of a combined management team may allow the
                  combined company to provide more experienced marketing,
                  communication, product management and development.

         
In its evaluation of the merger, the Registry board of directors
reviewed several factors, including, but not limited to, the following:

         o        historical information concerning Bristol's and Registry's
                  respective businesses, prospects, financial performance and
                  condition, operations, technology, management and competitive
                  position;

         o        Registry's management's view of the financial condition,
                  results of operations and businesses of Registry and Bristol
                  before and after giving effect to the merger;

         o        the consideration to be received by Bristol shareholders in
                  the merger and the relationship between the consideration and
                  consideration paid in comparable merger transactions;

         o        the belief that the terms of the merger agreement, including
                  the parties' representations, warranties and covenants and the
                  conditions to their respective obligations, are reasonable;

         o        reports from management, legal and financial advisors as to
                  the results of the due diligence investigation of Bristol.


BRISTOL

         Bristol's board of directors has determined that the terms of the
merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, Bristol and its shareholders.

Accordingly, Bristol's board of directors has approved the merger agreement and
the consummation of the merger.
In reaching its decision, Bristol's board of
directors has identified several potential business benefits to the merger,
including the ability to:

         o        expand Bristol and Registry's penetration of customers in the
                  food store and hospitality markets;

         o        create a competitive advantage in the POS marketplace;

         o        accelerate Bristol's growth strategy through use of Registry's
                  voice applications;

         o        add Registry's speech technology for applications for pos
                  products sold by Bristol;

         o        use Registry's complementary research, related products and
                  development skills, experience and domain knowledge in
                  developing the market; and

         Bristol's board of directors also identified and considered a variety
of potential negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including, but not limited to:

         o        the risk to Bristol's shareholders that the value to be
                  received by Bristol shareholders in the merger could decrease
                  significantly due to the volatility of Registry's stock
                  prices;

         
o        the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger
                  might not be fully realized; and

         o        the possibility that the merger might not be consummated.

         
Among other factors considered by Bristol's board in its deliberations
were the following:

         o        historical information concerning Bristol's and Registry's
                  respective financial performance, results of operations,
                  assets, liabilities, operations, technology, management and
                  competitive position, including available public reports for
                  Registry filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

         o        Bristol's management's view of the financial condition,
                  results of operations, businesses and prospects of the
                  combined company after giving effect to the merger;

         o        current market conditions and historical trading information
                  with respect to Bristol and Registry common stock;

         o        comparable merger transactions in the relevant market; and

         o        the terms and conditions of the merger agreement.

         
After due consideration, Bristol's board of directors believed that the
overall risks associated with the proposed merger were outweighed by the
potential benefits of the merger.
Bristol's board of directors does not intend
the foregoing discussion of information to be exhaustive, but believes the
discussion to include the material factors that it considered.
In view of the
complexity and wide variety of information and factors, both positive and
negative, that it considered, Bristol's board of directors did not find it
practical to quantify or otherwise assign relative or specific weights to the
factors considered.
However, after taking into consideration all of the factors
set forth above, Bristol's board of directors concluded that the merger
agreement and merger were fair to, and in the best interests of, Bristol and its
shareholders and that Bristol should proceed with the merger.


EFFECTS OF THE MERGER

         When the merger is completed, Bristol will be merged with and into RMAG
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Registry.
The common shareholders of Bristol will have the right to receive .65
of a share of Registry common stock for each share of Bristol they hold.

Immediately after the merger, the Bristol shareholders will hold approximately
47.6% of the issued Registry common stock.

         
Following the merger, the board of directors of Registry will consist
of five directors, four of whom will be chosen by Registry and one by Bristol.

Three of the directors shall be independent.
The directors are Lawrence Cohen,
David Kaye, Cornelia Eldridge, Mike Callahan and Brian Steffan.

         
Lawrence Cohen is currently the acting Chief Executive Officer and
Martin Scott, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer of Registry.
Mr. Cohen
will continue as Chairman of the Board and President.
The executive officers of
Registry following the merger are expected to also include David Kaye, Senior
Vice President, John Falcone as Senior Vice President and Martin Scott as Chief
Financial Officer until a replacement is found.

         
The business backgrounds of the directors and officers of Registry
after the merger are set forth elsewhere in this proxy statement and prospectus.

         
The Amended Articles of Incorporation to be adopted by Registry
shareholders at the meeting and the Bylaws of Registry as of the effective time
of the merger, to be issued in the merger will govern the rights, duties and
privileges of all Registry shareholders subsequent to the merger.
Any material
differences between the rights set forth in the Articles of Incorporation and
bylaws of Bristol and those set forth in the Registry Amended Articles of
Incorporation and bylaws are described under "Comparison of Rights of Holders Of
Bristol and Registry Common Stock" at page __.


FINANCING THE MERGER

         
The merger will be a stock-for-stock transaction.
Shareholders of
Bristol will receive shares of the common stock of Registry in exchange for
their shares of Bristol common stock.
Cash will be paid to Bristol shareholders
instead of fractional shares, which is not expected to be material.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

         The merger will be accounted for as a purchase, with RMAG Acquisition
Corp. as the acquiror, in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.
Under this method of accounting, the purchase price will be
allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated
fair values.
The income or loss of Bristol will not be included in the operating
results of Registry prior to completion of the merger.
See "Unaudited Pro Forma
Combined Condensed Financial Statements.
"

TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO REGISTRY AND BRISTOL SHAREHOLDERS

         
The following discussion summarizes the material United States federal
income tax considerations relevant to the exchange of shares of Bristol common
stock for Registry common stock under the merger.
This discussion is based on
currently existing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"),
existing and proposed Treasury Regulations under the Code, and current
administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to change.

Any change in the Code and Treasury Regulations, which may or may not be
retroactive, could alter the tax consequences to Registry, Bristol, or Bristol's
shareholders as described in this discussion.

         
Bristol shareholders should be aware that this discussion does not deal
with all United States federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to
particular Bristol shareholders in light of their particular circumstances, like
shareholders who are dealers in securities, who are subject to the alternative
minimum tax provisions of the Code, who are foreign persons, who do not hold
their Bristol stock as capital assets, or who acquired their shares in
connection with stock option or stock purchase plans or in other compensatory
transactions.
In addition, the following discussion does not address the tax
consequences of the merger under foreign, state, or local tax laws.
Nor does the
following discussion address the tax consequences of transactions effectuated
prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the merger.
This is so whether or
not any of those transactions are undertaken in connection with the merger,

including without limitation any transaction in which shares of Bristol common
stock are acquired or in which shares of Registry common stock are disposed.

Accordingly, Bristol shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors as
to the specific tax consequences to them of the merger, including the applicable
federal, state, local, and foreign tax consequences.

         
The merger is intended to constitute a reorganization.
If the merger
qualifies as a reorganization, then, subject to the limitations and
qualifications referred to in this discussion, they will generally result in the
following federal income tax consequences:

         o        no gain or loss will be recognized by Bristol's shareholders
                  solely upon their receipt of Registry common stock in exchange
                  for Bristol common stock in the merger except to the extent of
                  cash received instead of fractional shares of Registry common
                  stock or received for dissenting shares;

         o        the aggregate tax basis of the Registry common stock received
                  by Bristol shareholders in the merger, reduced by any tax
                  basis attributable to fractional shares deemed to be disposed
                  of, will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the Bristol
                  common stock exchanged for the Registry common and preferred
                  stock;

         o        cash payments received by Bristol's shareholders instead of a
                  fractional share will be treated as if the fractional share of
                  Registry common stock had been issued in the merger and then
                  redeemed by Registry.
A Bristol shareholder receiving cash
                  instead of a fractional share or for dissenting shares will
                  recognize gain or loss upon the payment of the cash, measured
                  by the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received
                  and the basis in the fractional share or dissenting shares;
                  and

         o        neither Registry, RMAG Acquisition Corp. nor Bristol will
                  recognize material amounts of gain solely as a result of the
                  merger.

         
The parties are not requesting and will not request a ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") in connection with the merger.
A successful IRS
challenge to the reorganization status of the merger would result in Bristol
shareholders recognizing taxable gain or loss with respect to each share of
common stock of Bristol surrendered equal to the difference between the
shareholder's basis in his/her shares and the fair market value, as of the
effective date of the merger, of the Registry common or preferred stock received
in exchange for the Bristol common stock.
In an event like this, a shareholder's
aggregate basis in the Registry common stock received in the merger would equal
its fair market value, and the shareholder's holding period applicable to the
stock would begin the day after the merger.


CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO REGISTRY SHAREHOLDERS

         Registry common shareholders should not recognize any gain or loss as a
result of the merger.
Registry common shareholders will not dispose of or
exchange their shares of Registry common stock in the merger, but will continue
to hold their existing shares of common stock, with the same adjusted basis and
holding period.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

         Under the provisions of Section 262 of Delaware General Corporation
Law, shareholders of Bristol objecting to the merger of Bristol with and into
RMAG Acquisition Corp. and the receipt of Registry shares for shares of Bristol
have the right to require Bristol to purchase their shares.
Within 10 days after
the approval of the merger, Bristol will notify each shareholder who has not
voted for or consented to the merger of the date the merger was approved.
Such
notice will also indicate that the shareholder has the right to require Bristol
to purchase his/her shares for cash at their fair market value.
Any shareholder
entitled to this purchase right may, within 30 days of the date of the mailing
of such notice by Bristol, demand in writing from Bristol the purchase of

his/her shares.
The demand will be sufficient if it informs Bristol of the
identity of the shareholder, the shareholder's demand for the purchase of
his/her shares, the number and class of shares and a statement of what the
shareholder claims to be the fair market value as of the day before the
announcement of the proposed merger.
If the demand is made and the shares are
certificated, the shareholder must also submit the certificates representing the
shares demanded to be purchased, to be stamped or endorsed with the statement
that they are dissenting shares within 30 days of the date of the mailing of the
notice by Bristol.
If Bristol denies that the shares are entitled to be
purchased or if the shareholder and Bristol fail to agree upon the value of the
shares, the shareholder must, within six months from the date of the mailing of
notice by Bristol, file a complaint in the Superior Court of New Castle,
Delaware asking the court to determine whether the shares are dissenting shares
or their fair market value, or both.

         
A copy of the sections of the Delaware law which discuss the rights of
shareholders to dissent from the transaction are attached as Appendix B to this
proxy statement and prospectus.

         
Because of the complexities of these provisions of Delaware law,
Bristol shareholders who are considering pursuing dissenters' rights may wish to
consult legal counsel.
The foregoing discussion of such provisions should not be
deemed to constitute legal advice and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to such provisions attached as Appendix B to this proxy statement and
prospectus.


INTEREST OF PERSONS IN THE MERGER

         Lawrence Cohen is the Chairman of both Registry and Bristol.
Mr. Cohen
is also the principal shareholder, through entities which he controls, of
Registry and Bristol.
Mr. Cohen has agreed to vote his 1,317,375 shares of
Bristol, in favor of the merger transaction.

         
David Kaye is a director of both Registry and Bristol.
Mr. Kaye
beneficially owns 33,000 shares of Bristol and has agreed to vote his shares in
favor of the merger transaction.


MATERIAL CONTRACTS BETWEEN REGISTRY AND BRISTOL

         On October 20, 2000, Bristol executed a promissory note with Registry.

Registry advanced $250,000 to Bristol to be used by Bristol for working capital
purposes.
In the event the merger does not close, Bristol will repay Registry
the amount outstanding, plus interest at the rate of 8% per annum on October 19,
2001.
The Note is secured by all of Bristol's inventory and receivables not
subject to and second to the first lien of Coast Business Credit.
In November
2000, and in December 2000 and January 2001, Registry, pursuant to promissory
notes, advanced Bristol an additional $660,000, under the same terms as the
original advance.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

         The description of the merger agreement set forth in this section is a
summary of the material provisions of the merger agreement and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the merger agreement.


GENERAL

         REGISTRY, RMAG ACQUISITION CORP. a wholly-owned subsidiary of Registry,
and Bristol have entered into the merger agreement, which provides that:

         o        Bristol will be merged with and into the wholly-owned
                  subsidiary of Registry;

         o        each share of outstanding Bristol common stock, except for
                  shares held by shareholders who dissent, will be exchanged for
                  .65 of a share of Registry common stock and each outstanding
                  publicly traded common stock purchase warrant of Bristol will
                  be assumed by Registry and converted into a common stock
                  purchase warrant of Registry under the same terms and
                  conditions as were applicable to Bristol's publicly traded
                  warrants;

         o        the other stock options, warrants, convertible securities
                  (other than Bristol preferred shares) shall be assumed by
                  Registry and converted into an option, warrant, convertible
                  security or other contractual commitment to purchase or issue
                  under the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such
                  options, warrants, convertible securities or contractual
                  rights.
The number of shares of Registry common stock that the
                  convertible securities will be adjusted to reflect the
                  exchange ratio and the exercise price will remain the same.
                  
The Bristol Series C Preferred Stock will be assumed by
                  Registry according to its terms; and

         o        Registry will change its name to "Voiceflash Networks, Inc.
"

         The merger is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions,
including the approval by shareholders of Registry and Bristol of the matters
described in this proxy statement and prospectus.


EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

         
The closing will occur, and the merger will become effective, upon:

         
o        the approval of the merger agreement by the shareholders of
                  Bristol voting under Delaware law;

         o        the consent of the holders of Bristol Class C common stock;

         o        the acceptance for filing of a Certificate of Merger between
                  the Registry subsidiary corporation and Bristol with the
                  Delaware Secretary of State;

         o        acceptance for filing of the Amended Articles of Incorporation
                  of Registry with the Florida Secretary of State;

         o        the consent of Coast Business Credit, if applicable and

         o        the satisfaction or waiver of the other conditions set forth
                  in the merger agreement.

         
It is anticipated that the merger will become effective soon after the
Bristol and Registry shareholders meetings upon satisfaction or waiver of all
conditions to the merger; and that the Amended Articles of Incorporation of
Registry and Certificate of Merger will all be filed concurrently.


EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

         American Stock Transfer and Trust Company will act as exchange agent in
connection with the merger.
As soon as practicable after the effective date of
the merger, the exchange agent will send a notice and transmittal form to
Bristol shareholders to be used in forwarding their Bristol stock certificate
for surrender and exchange for certificates representing Registry common stock.

Please do not surrender your Bristol certificate for exchange until you receive
the transmittal form and instructions.
The instructions will include procedures
concerning lost certificates and securities held in broker's or nominee names.

         
Each holder of Bristol common stock will be entitled, upon surrender to
the exchange agent, to receive in exchange for his or her shares of Bristol a
common stock certificate representing the number of whole shares of Registry
common stock into which his/her shares of Bristol common stock was converted in
the merger, together with any cash payable instead of fractional shares.
Until a
holder of Bristol common stock surrenders his/her Bristol common stock
certificate to the exchange agent, the certificate representing shares of
Bristol common stock will be deemed to represent the number of whole shares of
Registry common stock into which the shares of Bristol common stock was
converted.

         
Bristol shareholders should not send any stock certificate with their
proxy cards.


FRACTIONAL SHARES

         Certificates representing fractional shares of Registry common stock
will not be issued in the merger.
Fractional share interests will not entitle
you to vote or to any other rights of a shareholder of Registry.
Instead of the
issuance of any fractional share, each holder of Bristol common stock who
otherwise would be entitled to receive a fractional share of Registry common
stock in the merger will receive, upon surrender for exchange, an amount in cash
determined by multiplying (1) the average of the closing bid and ask price of
Registry common stock for the five trading days ending three trading days
immediately preceding the closing date of the merger, times (2) the fraction of
a Registry share to which that holder would otherwise be entitled.
If more than
one certificate representing shares of Bristol common stock is surrendered for
the account of the same shareholder of record, the number of full shares of
Registry common stock or preferred stock for which a certificate will be
delivered will be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of shares of
Bristol common stock represented by the certificates surrendered by that
shareholder.


REPRESENTATIONS

         The parties make various representations and warranties in the merger
agreement, including representations and warranties by each of Bristol and
Registry as to:

         o        organization and good standing;

         o        capitalization;

         o        authorization of the merger agreement and the absence, except
                  as specified, of the need for governmental or third party
                  consents to the merger;

         o        compliance with applicable law;

         o        accuracy of financial statements;

         o        absence of material undisclosed liabilities and the absence of
                  material adverse changes in the financial or other condition,
                  operations, or business of Bristol and Registry, taken as a
                  whole;

         o        absence of pending or threatened material litigation;

         o        absence of employee benefit plans;

         o        material compliance with applicable environmental laws and
                  regulations;

         o        absence of brokers or finders; and

         o        other customary matters.


CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

         Registry and Bristol have agreed to conduct their operations, except as
otherwise provided in the merger agreement, according to their normal course of
business until completion of the merger.
Further, Registry and Bristol have each
agreed that, among other things, until the consummation of the merger, unless
the other agrees in writing or as otherwise required or permitted by the merger
agreement, it will not:

         o        issue any shares of capital stock (with certain exceptions),
                  effect any stock split, or otherwise change its capitalization
                  as it existed on the date the merger agreement was signed;

         o        declare, set aside, or pay any dividend or other distribution,
                  whether in cash, stock, or property or any combination of
                  cash, stock, or property, in respect of any of its capital
                  stock;

         o        amend or propose to amend its articles of incorporation or
                  bylaws, except for Registry's Amended Articles of
                  Incorporation;

         o        acquire, sell, lease, encumber, transfer, or dispose of any
                  assets except in the ordinary course of business;

         o        incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any
                  indebtedness issued, sell any debt securities, warrants or
                  rights to acquire any debt securities, guarantee any debt of
                  others, make any loans, advances, or capital contributions, or
                  mortgage, pledge, or otherwise encumber any material assets or
                  create any material lien on material assets, except in the
                  ordinary course of business;

         o        pay, discharge, or satisfy any claims, liabilities, or
                  obligations except in the ordinary course of business; or

         o        change any accounting principles or practices except as
                  required by generally accepted accounting principles.

CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER

         
The obligations of Registry and Bristol to complete the merger are
subject to the following conditions:

         o        Bristol's shareholders must approve the transactions
                  contemplated by the merger agreement;

         o        the relevant governmental authorities and third parties must
                  grant all required authorizations, consents, orders or
                  approvals;

         o        the registration statement that contains this proxy statement
                  and prospectus shall have become effective under the
                  Securities Act and must not be the subject of any stop order
                  or proceedings seeking a stop order;

         o        there must be no law, order, injunction, or other legal
                  restraint or prohibition enjoining or preventing the
                  consummation of the merger; and

         o        holders of no more than 10% of the issued and outstanding
                  shares of Bristol common stock have exercised their
                  dissenters' rights.


TERMINATION

         The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
effectiveness of the merger, whether before or after shareholder approval of the
merger, by:

         o        mutual consent of Registry and Bristol;

         o        either Registry or Bristol if the merger is not consummated
                  before June 30, 2001, unless the failure to consummate the
                  merger by that date is due to the material breach of the party
                  seeking to terminate the agreement;

         o        either Registry or Bristol if any permanent injunction or
                  other order of a court or other competent authority preventing
                  the consummation of the merger has become final and
                  non-appealable;

         o        either Registry or Bristol, if the requisite shareholder
                  approvals of the shareholders of either Registry or Bristol
                  are not obtained at a meeting duly called and held therefore.

         
If the merger agreement is terminated and abandoned, the merger
agreement will immediately become void and have no effect, without any liability
on the part of any party to the merger agreement or its affiliates, directors,
officers, or shareholders, except with respect to confidentiality obligations
and indemnification provisions relating to brokers or finders or other similar
persons or entities.


EXPENSES AND FEES

         All expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will be paid by the party
incurring costs and expenses of the merger and merger agreement.

                                
FAIRNESS OPINIONS

OPINION OF BRISTOL RETAIL SOLUTIONS, INC.'S FINANCIAL
ADVISOR

         In November 2000, Bristol hired Stenton Leigh Capital Corp. ("SLCC") to
act as its financial advisor.
SLCC delivered its Valuation Fairness Opinion (the
"Opinion") as of November 6, 2000 (the "Valuation Date") with a Report date
December 26, 2000 to Bristol's Board of Directors that the exchange ratio for
Bristol's proposed merger with RMAG Acquisition Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of.
Registry Magic, Inc., (collectively, "Registry") (the "Transaction") was
fair from a financial point of view to the Bristol shareholders at the Valuation
Date.

         
Bristol determined the consideration it would receive in the
transaction through negotiations with Registry did not impose any limitations on
SLCC with respect to the investigations made and procedures followed in
rendering this Opinion.

         
Attached as an Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, is the
full text of the written Opinion that SLCC delivered to Bristol.
You should read
this Opinion carefully in its entirety.
However, the following is a summary of
the Opinion.

         
SLCC has directed its Opinion to Bristol's Board of Directors.
This
Opinion does not constitute a recommendation to you as how you should vote with
respect to the Transaction.
The Opinion addresses only the financial fairness as
of the Valuation Date of such Opinion of the exchange ratio pursuant to the
merger agreement to Bristol's stockholders.
It does not address the relative
merits of the Transaction or any alternatives to the Transaction.
Further, it
does not address Bristol's underlying decision to proceed with or effect the
Transaction.

         
In connection with its Opinion, SLCC has, among other things: (i)
reviewed Bristol's and Registry's Forms 10K and 10Q and other recent public
filings, Bristol and Registry press releases and research reports; (ii) reviewed
the financial terms and conditions of the merger agreement; (iii) reviewed
certain publicly available information concerning the trading of, and the
trading market for Bristol's Common Stock and Registry's Common Stock; (iv)
reviewed market data and trading histories for Bristol and Registry to
comparative public companies, including the terms of select and recent business
combinations in industries in which Registry and Bristol operate; (v) reviewed
and discussed with representatives of management and directors of Bristol and
Registry, certain information of the business and financial nature including
financial forecasts and related assumptions of Registry and Bristol; and, (vi)
performed such other analyses and examinations as SLCC deemed appropriate.

         
In preparing its Opinion, SLCC did not assume the responsibility to
independently verify the information referred to above, instead, with Bristol's
consent, SLCC relied on the information to be accurate and complete in all
material respects.
With respect to the financial forecasts for Bristol provided
to SLCC by Bristol's management, upon their advice and with Bristol's consent,
SLCC assumed for purposes of its Opinion that the forecasts, including the
assumptions regarding synergies, were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting
the best available estimates and judgments of its management at the time of
preparation as to the future financial performance of Bristol and that they
provided a reasonable basis upon which SLCC could form its Opinion.
SLCC also
assumed that there were no material changes in Bristol's or Registry's assets,
financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects since the
respective dates of their last financial statements made available to SLCC.
SLCC
assumed that the Transaction would be consummated in a manner that complies in
all respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and all other
applicable federal and state statutes, rules and regulations.
In addition, SLCC
did not assume responsibility for making an independent evaluation, appraisal or
physical inspection of any of the assets or liabilities (contingent or
otherwise) of Bristol or Registry, nor was SLCC furnished with any such
appraisals.
SLCC's Opinion was based on economic, monetary and market and other
conditions existing as of, and the information made available to it as of,
November 6, 2000.
Accordingly, although subsequent developments may affect
SLCC's Opinion, SLCC has not assumed any obligation to update, revise or
reaffirm its Opinion.


FINANCIAL ANALYSES.

         
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses provided
by SLCC to the Bristol Board of Directors in the December 26, 2000 Valuation
Fairness Opinion Memorandum.
The financial analyses summarized below include
information presented in tabular format.
In order to fully understand SLCC's
financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses.
Considering the data in the tables below without considering
the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading
or incomplete view of SLCC's financial analyses.


VALUATION PRINCIPLES

         The fair market value of a going concern business is generally a
function of the income and capital recovery returns that are expected in light
of the risks associated with the realization of these future returns and the
prospects for growth in the expected returns.
In most going-concern situations

the worth of a business is expressed as a capital sum through the application of
a capitalization factor or multiple to an estimate of current or expected future
earnings or cash flows, or through application of a discount rate to expected
future cash flows.

         
Asset values will constitute the prime determinant of corporate worth
where operations have historically been unprofitable or earnings marginal in
relation to invested capital.
In the case of a company which does not possess
sufficient earnings potential to warrant treatment as a going-concern, assets
are stated at their liquidation values.

         
SLCC believes that due to Bristol's and Registry's history of losses
and uncertain future prospects, SLCC selected an asset-based and stock market
approach to determine the relative value of the two companies at the Valuation
Date.


VALUATION OF BRISTOL AND REGISTRY

         To determine the fairness of the Transaction, SLCC must examine the
inherent value of Registry, and various approaches to value are examined below.


THE EARNINGS APPROACH

         CAPITALIZATION OF EARNINGS

         Under the capitalization of earnings methodology, the historic adjusted
earnings are weighted for a determination of the historic earnings base.
This
base is then divided by the capitalization rate for a conclusion of total
business value.
In the instant situation, neither company has had any profits or
positive cash flows since inception, therefore SLCC could not compute a
capitalization of earnings or price/earnings multiple approach.

         
DISCOUNTED CASH FLOWS

         SLCC reviewed forecasts for the next three fiscal years for both
companies but did not perform a discounted cash flow analysis of the value of
each of the companies.
Since both companies have lost substantial money in the
past while originally forecasting profits, SLCC considered that the speculation
of management for future results was not a strong indicator of the value of the
companies at the Valuation Date, due to the high level of uncertainty which must
be attributed to such forecasts.


STOCK MARKET APPROACH

         The market approach compares the subject company to companies in the
same or similar industry.
In applying the comparative company valuation
approach, value multiples are computed for each comparative company.
The
appropriate multiple is then determined and adjusted for the unique aspects of
the company being valued.
This multiple is applied to the company being valued
to arrive at an estimate of value for the appropriate ownership interest.
A
value multiple represents a ratio that uses a comparative company's stock price
as the numerator and a measure of the comparative company's operating results
(or financial position) as the denominator.
Value multiples are usually computed
on a per share basis.
The most well-known value multiple is price/earnings
whereby a company's stock price is divided by its earnings per share.
Since SLCC
cannot compute a price/earnings ratio, SLCC set out below other comparative
factors as detailed in our Valuation Fairness Opinion Memorandum.

                               
PRICE/     PRICE/      PRICE/        DIVIDEND       QUICK      CURRENT  TOTAL DEBT/
                              SALES        BOOK     TANG.
BOOK        YIELD         RATIO      RATIO     EQUITY
                              -------     
------    ----------        
-----         -----      -----     
------

Bristol                        0.11        1.36          NM              0          0.43       0.88        0.77

Bristol - Industry (1)         1.05        3.11        4.35                         0.96       1.37        1.57

Registry                       4.51        2.10        2.10              0         12.25      13.39         0.0

Registry - Industry (2)       24.72       15.64       20.64           0.23          3.06       3.29        0.11

Sector                        17.37       12.49       15.07           0.47          2.87       3.41        0.23

Sector - Technology
Industry - (1) Office Equipment

           (2) Software Programming

         Both companies have no earnings and have not paid, nor do they intend
to pay, dividends.
Registry has a higher net book value/share and tangible net
book value/share than Bristol.
Although both companies underperformed relative
to their sector and industry for price-to-sales and price-to-book, Registry has
performed well in its Quick Ratio, Current Ratio and Total Debt/Equity Ratios
due to its strong cash position and virtually no debt at the Valuation Date.

Bristol is in a very poor cash position so it does not compare well to its
industry, sector or Registry in these areas.
This analysis concludes Bristol to
be worth on a per share basis less than 65% of Registry at the Valuation Date.


SELECTED COMPARABLE PUBLIC COMPANY ANALYSIS

         SLCC compared the value of the consideration to be received by the
shareholders of Bristol in the Transaction to certain financial and stock market
information of publicly-traded companies engaged in the point-of-sale and other
similar businesses that SLCC believed were comparable in certain respects to
Bristol (the "Comparable Companies").
The Comparable Companies were chosen by
SLCC as companies that, based on publicly available data, possess general
business, operating and financial characteristics representative of companies in
the industry in which Bristol operates, although SLCC recognizes that each of
the Comparable Companies is distinguishable from Bristol in certain respects.

         
For each of the Comparable Companies and Bristol, SLCC obtained certain
publicly available financial, operating and stock market data, including last
twelve months ("LTM") revenue, LTM earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT"),
recently reported total debt and cash and cash equivalents, and closing stock
price as of November 6, 2000.

         
SLCC also compiled "aggregate value" for each of the Comparable
Companies and for Bristol implied in the Transaction.
Aggregate value is the
total current equity value plus total debt less cash and cash equivalents.

         
Based on this data, SLCC calculated the following ratios for each of
the Comparable Companies and for Bristol implied in the Transaction: aggregate
value to LTM revenue, and aggregate value to LTM EBIT.

         
The aggregate value to the LTM revenues for the Comparable Companies
ranged was 1.1x, compared to 0.19x for Bristol implied in the Transaction.
The
aggregate value to LTM EBIT for the Comparable Companies was 8.0x, compared to a
non-computable amount for Bristol implied in the Transaction, due to its
historical losses and negative cash flow.


SELECTED COMPARABLE MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS ANALYSIS

         SLCC reviewed certain financial data for recently announced mergers and
acquisitions that were deemed to be comparable to the Transaction and in which
the consideration paid was less than $100 million (the "Comparable
Acquisitions").

         
For each such transaction SLCC calculated the ratio of aggregate value
to LTM revenues.
All multiples were based on publicly available information at
the time of announcement of the Comparable Acquisitions.
In the transactions
valued at less than $100 million, these calculations yielded a range of
aggregate values to LTM revenues of 0.5x to 1.5x with an average of 1.1x and a
median of 1.1x.
SLCC then calculated the same ratios implied in the Transaction.

The calculations yielded an aggregate value to LTM revenues of 1.7x.


OTHER FACTORS

         In rendering their Opinions, SLCC also reviewed and considered other
factors, including:

         o        selected research analysts' reports for Bristol and Registry,
                  including stock price and EPS estimates of these analysts;

         o        historical market prices and trading volumes for Bristol and
                  Registry Common Stock;

         o        the relationship between movements in Bristol Common Stock,
                  Registry Common Stock, and movements in the Nasdaq Composite
                  Index; and

         o        historical exchange ratios for Bristol Common Stock and
                  Registry Common Stock based on the daily closing prices of
                  Bristol Common Stock and Registry Common Stock for the three
                  months, six months, nine months and 12 months preceding
                  November 6, 2000.


ASSET VALUE OF BRISTOL AND REGISTRY

         Due to the history of losses for Bristol and Registry with accumulated
deficits, the assets of the companies were reviewed to determine value.

         
The assets of a business are generally reflected in its financial
statements at historic cost (or in the case of some assets, most notably
inventory, at the lower of cost and net realizable value).
Liquidation value is
based on the net realizable value of the net assets of the business.

Accordingly, it may or may not bear any relationship to the net worth reflected
in the balance sheet of the business.
To adjust financial statements to reflect
current net realizable values, fair market values, liquidation values, or
salvage values, each asset and liability account must be reviewed with
assistance, where necessary, from specialists in disciplines such as property
and equipment appraisal.
The net amount resulting from off-setting adjusted
assets by adjusted liabilities before consideration of liquidation adjustments
and costs may be described as "adjusted equity".

         
The term "tangible asset backing" does not mean the same thing as
adjusted equity.
The concept of tangible asset backing contemplates the
continuation of a business as a going concern.
Therefore, it is based on the
greater of fair market value and depreciated replacement value in the case of
land and buildings, on the net realizable value in the case of current assets
and, on the value in use, depreciated replacement value or fair market value of
the other assets employed in the business.

         
Where a liquidation approach is taken to mean fair market value or is
used to assist in determining going concern value, it is based on net realizable
value for most current assets, fair market value for land and buildings, and
liquidation value or salvage value for other assets.

         
Based upon the current financial statements available for Bristol and
Registry as at November 6, 2000 the asset values for Bristol and Registry are
approximately $2.98 million and $2.4 million, respectively.
With Bristol having
6,976,968 Common Shares, this equals $0.43/Share, and Registry having 5,380,068
Common Shares, this equals $0.45/share.


PUBLIC STOCK MARKET PRICE OF BRISTOL AND REGISTRY

         The public stock market price of Bristol and Registry voting Common
Shares was reviewed as an indicator of the value of Bristol and Registry.
In
reviewing the stock trading activity of Bristol and Registry it was determined
that Bristol traded very thinly but Registry was significantly more active.

         
Set out in the Valuation Fairness Opinion Memorandum is a summary of
the trading history of Bristol and Registry.
Bristol has traded in the range of
$0.03 to $1.25 in the last twelve months and Registry has traded in the range of
$0.50 to $7.50 in the same time period.
On November 6, 2000, the Valuation Date,
Bristol's Common Share price closed at $0.63/share and Registry's Common Share
price closed at $1.44/share.

         
These results conclude that Bristol's stock has traded historically and
at the Valuation Date at less than 65% of Registry's and with much less
liquidity.


HISTORICAL TRANSACTIONS

BRISTOL

         SLCC reviewed historical transactions from mid-1998 to the Valuation
Date.
The Company's stock dropped in the third quarter of 1998 to below
$1.00/share and has not recovered to the Valuation Date.
Therefore SLCC looked
at transactions for Bristol since the third quarter of 1998 as an indicator of
value.

         
---------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------
         December 31, 1998            Issued 1,060,715 shares of Common Stock for 9,450 shares of        $0.89/share
                                      Series A Preferred ($100 face value).

                                      
Issued 101,633 shares of Common Stock for 550 shares  of           $0.54/share
                                      Preferred ($100 face value).
         
---------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------
         April 15, 1999               Issued 500,000 shares of Series B Preferred for $500,000.  
12%
                                      dividend (most repaid) + 150,000 Warrants for no cost.             
$0/share
         ----------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------
         January 12, 2000             Issued 500,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred +
                                      Warrants for 425,000 Common Shares.                                
$0.01/share
         ---------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------
         October 31, 2000             1,250,000 shares for $500,000 to a private investor.               
$0.40/share
         ----------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------

REGISTRY

         SLCC performed a similar analysis for Registry as set out below,

         ----------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------
         July 1999                    Issued 5,000 Common Shares to a consultant for $16,000 in          $3.20/share
                                      services.
         
---------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------
         1999                         Stock Options issued in fiscal 1999.                               
$3.62/share
         ---------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------
         November 10, 2000            Sold $500,000 of restricted Common Shares to a private investor    $1.00/share
                                      for 500,000 shares.
         
---------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------

         These actual transactions lead to SLCC's conclusion that Bristol has
undertaken an arm's-length transaction at less than 65% of Registry's share
prices.


FACTORS SPECIFIC TO BRISTOL AND REGISTRY

         In determining their Opinion, SLCC took into consideration the many
specific factors about Bristol and Registry in addition to the other information
and assumptions as outlined in the Valuation Fairness Opinion Memorandum.


CONCLUSION

         Based upon the analysis above, SLCC has determined that the Transaction
of a 65% ratio is fair to Bristol shareholders at the Valuation Date.
Although
SLCC has examined extensive information and assumptions to arrive at the
Opinion, some of the most compelling factors are summarized below:

         1.       
Bristol was virtually out of cash and has substantial debt at
                  the Valuation Date, while Registry has cash and no debt.
                  
Registry's tangible net book value is $0.45/share and
                  Bristol's is $0.43/share.
Bristol's net book value is less
                  than 65% of Registry's at the Valuation Date.

         
2.       
Registry is now trading and has consistently traded above 65%
                  of Bristol's public stock price.
Further, Registry's stock
                  trades more volume and therefore a Bristol shareholder would
                  more readily be able to sell its Registry shares (once they
                  are free trading) than the same number of Bristol shares.

         
3.       
At the Valuation Date Registry closed at $1.44/share, or 233%
                  over Bristol's close price of $0.63/share.
Further, Registry's
                  shares went to $2.187/share at the end of November 2000, while
                  Bristol's went to $0.80/share.

         
4.       
Registry has been able to consistently keep itself well funded
                  even though it has shown no profits.
It recently loaned
                  Bristol $250,000.
With its new Bluetooth technology, Registry
                  has uncertain but potentially very significant upside.
Bristol
                  still is unprofitable and its revenue growth without Registry
                  is forecast by Bristol management to be slow-to-modest.

         
5.       
Both companies have no historical earnings and forecasts are
                  uncertain, and they have paid no dividends.
Registry's leading
                  edge technology has more potential access to capital than a
                  failed rollup of Point-of-Sales operation.
However, the
                  combined companies have a synergy which both management teams
                  expect will be beneficial to all shareholders.

         
The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete
description of the Valuation Fairness Opinion issued by SLCC to the Bristol
Board of Directors or the analyses performed by SLCC The preparation of an
Opinion is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description.
SLCC believes that its analyses and the summary set forth above
must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of
the factors considered, without considering all analyses and factors, would

create an incomplete view of the process underlying the analyses set forth in
its presentation to the Bristol Board of Directors.
In addition, SLCC may have
given various analyses more or less weight than other analyses, and may have
deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions so that
the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described above
should not be taken to be SLCC's view of the actual value of Bristol.
The fact
that any specific analysis has been referred to in the summary above is not
meant to indicate that such analysis was given greater weight than any other
analysis.
In arriving at its Opinion, SLCC did not ascribe a specific range of
values to Bristol, but rather made its determination as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by the holders of
Bristol's Shares in the Transaction on the basis of the financial and
comparative analyses described above.

         
In performing its analyses, SLCC made numerous assumptions with respect
to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond the control of Bristol The analyses performed
by SLCC are not necessarily indicative of actual values or actual future
results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by
such analyses.
Such analyses were prepared solely as part of SLCC's analysis of
the fairness of the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement to
Bristol's shareholders and were provided to Bristol's Board of Directors in
connection with the delivery of SLCC's Opinion.
The analyses do not purport to
be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a company might actually be sold
or the prices at which any securities may trade at the present time or at any
time in the future.
SLCC used in its analyses various projections of future
performance prepared by the management of Bristol.
The projections are based on
numerous variables and assumptions which are inherently unpredictable and must
be considered not certain of occurrence as projected.
Accordingly, actual
results could vary significantly from those set forth in such projections.

         
Pursuant to the terms of SLCC's engagement, Bristol has agreed to pay
SLCC a fee in cash of approximately $25,000 payable upon delivery of its
Opinion.
No portion of SLCC's fee is contingent upon the Closing of the
Transaction.
In addition to the foregoing fees, Bristol has agreed to reimburse
SLCC for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses.
Pursuant to its
engagement letter agreement, Bristol had agreed to indemnify SLCC, its
affiliates, and their respective partners, directors, officers, agents,
consultants, employees and controlling persons against certain liabilities.

         
SLCC has no past, present or planned ownership position in either
Bristol, Registry, or RMAG Acquisition Corp.

OPINION OF REGISTRY'S FINANCIAL
ADVISOR

         In November 2000, Registry hired The Camelot Group, Inc. to act as its
financial advisor.
The Camelot Group, Inc. delivered its opinion dated December
22, 2000 to Registry's board of directors that the exchange ratio for Registry's
proposed merger with Bristol was fair from a financial point of view to the
Registry shareholders.

         
Registry determined the consideration it would receive in the
transaction through negotiations with Bristol did not impose any limitations on
The Camelot Group, Inc. with respect to the investigations made and procedures
followed in rendering this opinion.

         
Attached as an Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, is the
full text of the written opinion that The Camelot Group, Inc. delivered to
Registry.
You should read this opinion carefully in its entirety.
However, the
following is a summary of the opinion.

         
The Camelot Group, Inc. has directed its opinion to Registry's board of
directors.
This opinion does not constitute a recommendation to you as how you
should vote with respect to the transaction.
The opinion addresses only the
financial fairness as of the date of such opinion of the exchange ratio pursuant
to the merger agreement to Registry's stockholders.
It does not address the
relative merits of the transaction or any alternatives to the transaction.

Further, it does not address Bristol's underlying decision to proceed with or
effect the transaction.

         
In connection with this opinion, The Camelot Group, Inc. has, among
other things: (i) reviewed Registry's and Bristol's Forms 10K and 10Q and other
recent public filings, company press releases and research reports; (ii)
reviewed the financial terms and conditions of the merger agreement; (iii)
reviewed certain publicly available information concerning the trading of, and
the trading market for Registry's common stock and Bristol's common stock; (iv)
reviewed market data and trading histories for Bristol, Registry and in
comparative public companies, including the terms of select and recent business
combinations in industries in which Registry and Bristol operate; (v) reviewed
and discussed with representatives of management and directors of Bristol and
Registry, certain information of a business and financial nature including
financial forecasts and related assumptions of Registry and Bristol; and (vi)
performed such other analyses and examinations as The Camelot Group, Inc. deemed
appropriate.

         
In preparing its opinion, The Camelot Group, Inc. did not assume the
responsibility to independently verify the information referred to above,
instead, with Registry's consent, The Camelot Group, Inc. relied on the
information to be accurate.
The Camelot Group, Inc. also made the following
assumptions, each case with the consent of Registry's board of directors:

         o        Bristol and Registry were not aware of any facts or
                  circumstances that would make any information provided to The
                  Camelot Group, Inc. inaccurate or misleading; and

         o        That the merger will be consummated in a manner that complies
                  with the applicable securities laws, trade regulations and
                  other applicable statutes and governmental regulations.

         
In addition for purposes of their opinion:

         o        The Camelot Group, Inc.'s opinion is based upon market and
                  economic and other conditions as they existed on, could be
                  evaluated as of the date of its opinion.
Accordingly, although
                  subsequent developments may affect its opinion, The Camelot
                  Group, Inc. has not assumed any obligations to update, revise
                  or reaffirm its opinion.

         
The following is a brief summary of the material financial analyses
performed by The Camelot Group, Inc. in connection with providing its opinion to
the Registry board of directors.
Some of the summaries of financial analysis
performed by The Camelot Group, Inc. include information presented in tabular
form.
To fully understand the financial analysis performed by The Camelot Group,
Inc., you should read the tables together with the text of each summary.
The
tables do not constitute a complete description of the financial analysis.

Considering the data set forth on tables without considering the full narrative
description of financial analysis, including the methodologies and assumptions
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the financial analysis performed
by The Camelot Group, Inc.
All the data in this summary is as of December 22,
2000.

         
Pro Forma Merger Analysis - According to the 10-Q filed November 20,
2000, there are currently 7,501,849 shares of Bristol outstanding.
Under the
terms of the merger agreement, Registry will issue .65 new shares for each
Bristol share currently outstanding.
Thus, Registry will issue 4,876,208 new
shares.
Those added to the 5, 880,068 Registry shares as of 10-Q filed December
15, 2000, currently outstanding will bring the total number of shares to
10,756,276.
After the merger is completed, current stockholders of Registry will
own approximately 52.5% of the outstanding common stock of the combined company
with current Bristol holders owning the remainder.

         
According to financial projections provided by Registry and Bristol
management, the combined companies exhibit growth and profitability as opposed
to the existing condition of each company as a stand-alone enterprise.
Further
analysis indicates to Camelot that the combined entities will have a higher
probability of its value appreciating together than as stand-alone companies.

         
Using publicly available information we reviewed certain financial and
operating data for several publicly-traded companies engaged in the
point-of-sale installation business with characteristics similar to Bristol
Solutions and Registry Magic.
This group included ATS Money Sys., Autologic

Information Int., Comtrex Systems Corp., Danka Business Systems, Electronic
Retailing Sys., Frisco Bay Industries Ltd., GEAC Computer Corporation, Global
Payment Tech., Gunther International, Ltd., International Business Machines,
IKON Office Solutions, Lanier Worldwide, Inc., Micros Systems, Inc.
MicroTouch
Systems, Inc., Nashua Corporation, NCR Corporation, PAR Technology Corp., Pitney
Bowes, Inc., Radiant Systems, Inc., Retailix Limited, Tidel Technologies, Inc.,
Ultradata Systems, Inc., and Xerox Corporation.

         
The table below compares the ranges of multiples at which the
comparable companies were trading on the date of the opinion to the multiples by
the transaction (assuming a price of $.75 per Registry share).

                                                                                           
AVERAGES OF
                                 ALL COMPARABLE                PROFITABLE                   PROFITABLE
         AS A MULTIPLE OF...        COMPANIES                   COMPANIES                 COMPANIES ONLY
         ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Earnings (TTM)         NM to 85.29x                 2.68x to 85.29x                    20.29x
         2001 (E) Earnings      2.17x to 159.2x              2.17x to 159.2x                    18.39x
         Book Value             3.92x to 8.09x               .26x to 8.09x-                      2.57x
         EBITDA (TTM)           NM to 42.13x                 .68x to 42.13x                      9.02x
         Revenue (TTM)          
.01x to 5.28x                .06x to 5.28x                       1.01x

         Since a negative number is not meaningful when comparing multiples,
there is a separate column for only profitable companies.

         
Comparable Transaction Analysis - We reviewed and analyzed certain
merger and acquisition transactions that occurred since January 1, 2000.
Our
analysis indicated the aggregate equity consideration paid for each acquired
company as a multiple of the trailing twelve months EBITDA, ranged from -25.79x
to 68.9x with an adjusted average multiple of 12.16x.
Further, we noted the
average multiple of book value for these companies was 6.83x and the multiple of
2001 earnings per share was 16.22x.

         
Conclusions - Registry will be issuing 4,876,208 new shares of its
stock to the existing shareholders of Bristol.
Registry shares are trading at
$.75 as of market close on December 22, 2000.
Thus the estimated transaction
value is $3,657,156.

         
Based on the financial projections provided by Registry and Bristol
management, the combined companies' anticipated results indicate that Registry
would pay approximately 23% of the average multiple of future net income, paid
by others, for Bristol.
Additionally, Registry would be paying about 11% of the
average multiple of EBITDA for Bristol, as compared to recent transactions.

         
Notwithstanding our analysis set forth above, many of the companies
which we use as a basis for comparable analysis have a much stronger financial
position and likelihood of sustainability.
BRS and RMAG have only limited
operating history.
BRS has significant cash flow and viability issues.
In
reviewing BRS' projections, one should consider these factors.
Furthermore, one
should consider these factors in comparing the price to be paid by RMAG as
compared to recent acquisitions based upon future projected pre-tax income and
EBITDA.

         
Bristol had a book value of $2,980,003 as of November 30, 2000.

Registry is paying 1.23 times Bristol book value.
Recent transactions show the
acquirer paying an average multiple of book value of approximately 6.83 times
book.

         
In Camelot's opinion, the analysis indicates that, on the date of the
valuation, the transaction is fair to the shareholders of Registry.

                     
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA

         Registry common stock is traded on the Nasdaq SmallCap market under the
symbol "RMAG."
The following table sets forth the high and low reported closing
bid prices per share of Registry common stock for the quarterly periods
indicated, which correspond to the fiscal quarters for financial reporting
purposes.

                                                                                         
REGISTRY
                                                                                       COMMON STOCK
                                                                                   ---------------------
                                                                                   HIGH              LOW
                                                                                   ----              ---

         Year Ended July 31, 2001:
         First quarter                                                          $1.906            $ .563
         Second quarter                                                          2.188              .656

         Year Ending July 31, 2000:
         First quarter                                                           3.625             1.063
         Second quarter                                                          4.563             1.563
         Third quarter                                                           7.500             1.500
         Fourth quarter                                                          2.750             1.219

         Year Ended July 31, 1999:
         First quarter                                                           11.75             4.00
         Second quarter                                                          6.625             2.500
         Third quarter                                                           11.50             3.875
         Fourth quarter                                                           8.25             3.000

         Bristol's Common Stock and Warrants traded on the Nasdaq SmallCap
market until they were delisted on August 6, 1999 and currently trade on the
OTCBB under the symbols "BRTL" and "BRTLW," respectively.
The following table
sets forth the high and low closing sale prices for the Company's Common Stock
and Warrants for the periods indicated as reported by NASDAQ or the OCTBB.

         
(2000)                    HIGH               LOW
                                   ----               ---

         1ST QUARTER
         Common Stock            $ .875            $ .469
         Warrants                  .120              .040

         2ND QUARTER
         Common Stock              .969              .438
         Warrants                  .100              .030

         3RD QUARTER
         Common Stock             1.125              .531
         Warrants                  .150              .070

         4TH QUARTER
         Common Stock             1.016              .422
         Warrants                  .120              .040

       (1999)                         HIGH                  LOW
                                      ----                  ---

       1ST QUARTER
       Common Stock                $ 1 - 5/32         $ 0 - 11/32
       Warrants                        0  3/8             0  5/32

       2ND QUARTER
       Common Stock                   1 - 1/4           0 - 13/32
       Warrants                       0  3/32             0  1/32

       3RD QUARTER
       Common Stock                 0 - 23/32             0 - 1/4
       Warrants                        0  1/8             0  1/32

       4TH QUARTER
       Common Stock                 0 - 29/32            0 - 3/16
       Warrants                       0  5/32             0  5/64

       (1998)                         HIGH                  LOW
                                      ----                  ---

       1ST QUARTER
       Common Stock                $  3 - 5/8         $ 2 - 1/4
       Warrants                      1 - 1/16            0 -1/2

       2ND QUARTER
       Common Stock                    3 -1/2           2 - 1/4
       Warrants                     0 - 13/16          0 - 9/16

       3RD QUARTER
       Common Stock                2 - 7/8            1 - 13/16
       Warrants                    0 - 5/8              0 - 3/8

       4TH QUARTER
       Common Stock                 1 -1/2             0 - 7/16
       Warrants                   0 - 7/16             0 - 1/32

       (1997)                         HIGH                  LOW
                                      ----                  ---

       1ST QUARTER
       Common Stock               $     13          $ 11 - 5/32
       Warrants                    7 - 3/8              5 - 1/4

       2ND QUARTER
       Common Stock               11 - 7/8             3 - 1/16
       Warrants                    6 - 5/8              0 - 5/8

       3RD QUARTER
       Common Stock              3 - 13/16              2 - 3/4
       Warrants                    0 - 7/8              0 - 1/4

       4TH QUARTER
       Common Stock                5 - 7/8                    3
       Warrants                          2               0 -1/2

         
As of January 1, 2001, Registry had in excess of 300 beneficial round
lot holders of its common stock and Bristol had in excess of 1,000 record
holders of its common stock and in excess of record holders of its warrants.

Bristol and Registry believe that a significant number of beneficial owners hold
shares of their securities in depository or nominee form.
On November 5, 2000,
the last full trading day before the parties issued a press release announcing
that Registry and Bristol had reached an agreement concerning the proposed
merger, the closing bid price of Registry common stock was $1.19 per share.
On
_____________, 2001, the most recent practical date prior to the printing of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing bid price as reported was
$______.

         
Bristol shareholders are urged to obtain a current market quotation for
Registry common stock.

         
Neither Registry nor Bristol has paid dividends nor is there any
intention to pay dividends in the foreseeable future other than prior or
existing obligations under Bristol's preferred stock.
Bristol is prevented from
paying dividends under the terms of its loan obligations.

                       
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA

         
The following tables present (1) selected historical condensed
financial data of Registry, and (2) selected historical condensed financial data
of Bristol

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA - REGISTRY

         
The following tables set forth selected historical financial data of
Registry for the period from October 11, 1995 (inception) through July 31, 1996
and for each of the years in the four-year period ended July 31, 2000 and for
the three-month periods ended October 31, 1999 and 2000.
The statement of
operations data for each of the years in the two-year period ended July 31, 2000
are derived from the audited financial statements of Registry included elsewhere
herein.
The statement of operations data for the period from October 11, 1995
(inception) through July 31, 1996 and the two-year period ended July 31, 1998
are derived from the audited financial statements of Registry previously filed.

The statement of operations data for the three month periods ended October 31,
1999 and 2000 are derived from unaudited financial statements of Registry
included elsewhere herein.
The balance sheet data as of July 31, 2000 is derived
from audited financial statements of Registry included elsewhere herein.
The
balance sheet data as of July 31, 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999 is derived from
audited financial statements of Registry previously filed with the SEC.
The
balance sheet data as of October 31, 1999 is derived from unaudited financial
statements of Registry previously filed with the SEC.
The balance sheet data as
of October 31, 2000 is derived from unaudited financial statements of Registry
included elsewhere herein.
The statement of operations data for the three-month
periods ended October 31, 1999 and 2000 and the balance sheet data as of October
31, 1999 and 2000, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring adjustments) which are necessary to present
fairly the results of operations and financial position of Registry for the
periods and dates indicated.
The results of operations for the three months
ended October 31, 1999 and 2000 are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the full year.


REGISTRY MAGIC INCORPORATED

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:

                                 THREE MONTHS                                                                    FOR THE PERIOD
                               ENDED OCTOBER 31,                     FISCAL YEAR ENDED JULY 31,              FROM OCTOBER 11, 1995
                            ---------------------          
---------------------------------------------       (INCEPTION) THROUGH
                            1999             2000          1997         1998          1999          2000         JULY 31, 1996
                            ----             
----          ----         
----          ----          
----         -------------

Revenues               $   523,458    $    55,450    $   344,944    $   885,110    $ 2,453,285    $   952,994    $        --
Total costs
  and expenses           1,563,377        472,966      1,719,147      3,192,596      6,954,880      4,346,717         43,841
Net Loss                (1,039,919)      (417,516)    (1,374,203)    (2,307,486)    (4,501,595)    (3,393,723)       (43,841)

Weighted average
  shares outstanding     5,887,649      5,380,068      3,625,200      4,216,836      5,813,041      5,503,295      3,325,000
Basic and diluted
  Net Loss per
  common share         $      (.18)   $      (.08)   $     (0.38)   $     (0.55)   $     (0.77)   $      (.62)   $     (0.01)
Dividends per
  common share                  --             --             --             --             --             --             --

BALANCE SHEET DATA:

                          
AT OCTOBER 31,                                    AT JULY 31,
                        ------------------           
----------------------------------------------------------
                        1999          2000           1996           1997          1998         1999        2000
                        ----          
----           ----           
----          ----         
----        
----

Current Assets        $4,599,838   $2,041,937         $36,171   $  937,904   $10,658,686   $5,849,742   $2,344,670
Working Capital        4,251,811    1,718,700         (36,067)     196,029     9,899,790    5,286,092    2,094,174
Total Assets           5,059,465    2,306,355          57,681    1,108,095    11,053,060    6,372,157    2,651,130
Total Liabilities        348,027      323,237          72,238      741,875       758,896      563,650      250,496
Shareholders' Equity
    (Deficit)          4,711,438    1,983,118         (14,557)     366,220    10,294,164    5,808,507    2,400,634

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA - BRISTOL

         
The following table sets forth selected historical financial data of
Bristol for the period from April 3, 1996 (inception) through December 31, 1996
and for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 1999 and
for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 and 2000.

         
The statement of operations data for each of the years in the three
year period ended December 31, 1999 are derived from the audited financial
statements of Bristol included elsewhere herein.
The statement of operations
data for the period from April 3, 1996 (inception) through December 31, 1996 are
derived from the audited financial statements of Bristol previously filed with
the SEC.
The statement of operations data for the nine month periods ended
September 30, 1999 and 2000 is derived from the unaudited financial statements
of Bristol included elsewhere herein.
The balance sheet data as of December 31,
1999 and 1998 is derived from the audited financial statements of Bristol
included elsewhere herein.
The balance sheet data as of December 31, 1996, and
1997 is derived from audited financial statements of Bristol previously filed
with the SEC.
The balance sheet data as of September 30, 1999 and 2000 is
derived from unaudited financial statements of Bristol included elsewhere
herein.
The statement of operations data for nine months periods ended September
30, 1999 and 2000 and the balance sheet data as of September 30, 1999 and 2000,
in the opinion of management, include all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring adjustments) which are necessary to present fairly, the results of
operations and financial condition of Bristol for the periods and dates
indicated.
The results of operations for the nine months ended September 30,
1999 and 2000 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be
expected for the full year.


BRISTOL INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

                STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                              NINE MONTHS ENDED          FROM INCEPTION
                                SEPTEMBER 30,           (APRIL 3, 1996)      YEAR ENDED     YEAR ENDED         YEAR ENDED
                             1999           2000         DEC. 31, 1996     DEC. 31, 1997   DEC. 31, 1998      DEC 31, 1999
                             ----           ----         
-------------     -------------   -------------      
------------

Net revenue             $ 27,505,346    $ 17,628,224    $  4,196,230      $ 21,088,487     $ 32,196,708       $ 36,701,052
Gross margin               7,780,300       3,372,659       1,350,235         6,395,043       10,153,550         11,176,955
Operating expenses(1)      7,915,575       6,772,223       1,452,215        11,381,340       11,996,519         12,143,603
Operating loss              (135,275)     (3,399,564)       (101,980)       (4,986,297)      (1,812,969)          (966,648)
Net loss (2)                (514,423)     (3,957,395)       (106,625)       (4,968,607)      (1,731,778)          (362,284)

Basic and diluted
  weighted average
  common shares
  outstanding              6,947,536       7,498,678       3,319,738         5,198,156        5,826,839          6,951,505
Basic and diluted net
  loss per share         $      (.09)   $       (.58)   $      (0.03)     $      (0.96)    $      (0.38)      $      (0.06)
Dividends per
  common share                    --              --              --                --               --                 --

-
----------------------

(1)  
For the year ended December 31, 1997, includes goodwill write down of
     $1,871,471.


(2)  For the year ended December 31, 1999, includes the gain of $1,171,373 on
     the sale of net assets of a division of Smyth Systems.

                      BALANCE SHEET SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                                       
AT SEPTEMBER 30,
                                        (UNAUDITED)               
AT DEC. 31,       AT DEC. 31,       AT DEC. 31,      AT DEC. 31,
                                     1999           2000              1996              1997              1998            1999
                                     ----           ----          ----------        -----------       -----------     -------------

Cash and cash equivalents     $    396,296     $     49,768       $  5,475,674    $    715,929      $    146,235      $    332,959
Working capital (deficit)           97,959       (2,064,749)         6,164,490         263,566          (175,793)          903,972
Intangible assets, net           4,838,619        4,066,076          1,693,400       4,160,964         4,538,778         4,272,210
Total assets                    19,288,101       13,199,793         11,169,699      13,811,630        17,284,637        15,220,800
Long-term liabilities              242,948           78,927             61,379          81,825           268,659           191,810
Redeemable warrants                     --          216,750                 --              --                --                --
Total liabilities               13,550,471       10,565,468          2,994,706       7,618,244        11,427,311         9,330,138
Shareholders' equity             5,737,630        1,634,325          8,174,993       6,193,386         5,857,326         5,890,662

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

INTRODUCTORY NOTE

         
The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
statements illustrate the effect of the acquisition of the outstanding capital
stock of Bristol Retail Solutions Inc. ("Bristol") by a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Registry Magic Incorporated ("Registry").
In accordance with the terms of the
proposed transaction, all Bristol common stock shall be converted into the right
to receive .65 share of Registry Common Stock.
In addition each share of
Convertible Preferred Stock of Bristol shall be converted into the right to
receive one (1) share of Preferred Stock of Registry having the same rights,
preferences and privileges as the outstanding Series of Bristol Preferred Stock.

Each share of Preferred Stock will be convertible into .65 shares of Registry.

Stock options, warrants, convertible securities or other contractual commitments
to purchase or issue shares of Bristol that are outstanding shall be assumed by
Registry at .65 shares of Registry for every one of Bristol and converted into
an option, warrant, convertible security or other contractual commitment as the
case may be, to purchase or issue under the same terms and conditions as were
applicable prior to the Acquisition.
The transaction is expected be accounted
for under the purchase method of accounting.

         
The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet
as of October 31, 2000 combines the historical balance sheet of Registry as of
that date with the balance sheet of Bristol as of September 30, 2000 and assumes
the merger took place on October 31, 2000.
The unaudited pro forma combined
condensed statements of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2000
and for the year ended July 31, 2000 are based on the historical statements of
operations of Registry for those periods combined with Bristol's historical
statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2000 and for
the 12 month period ended June 30, 2000.
The unaudited pro forma combined
condensed statements of operations assume the transaction took place on August
1, 1999.

         
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements reflect
a preliminary allocation of the purchase price by Registry based upon
preliminary estimates, available information and certain assumptions deemed
proper by it and, accordingly, are subject to change upon, among other things, a
final determination of required purchase accounting adjustments necessary to
allocate the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based
on their respective fair values, which have not yet been made.
Accordingly, the
purchase accounting adjustments made in connection with the development of the
unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information appearing in this
joint proxy statement are preliminary and have been made solely for purposes of
developing such pro forma combined condensed financial information.

         
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements are
presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of
the future financial position or future results of operations of Registry or the
results that would have actually occurred had the proposed transaction been in
effect for the periods presented.

         
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and related
notes of Registry and Bristol.

                                                     
REGISTRY MAGIC INCORPORATED

                            UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                OCTOBER 31, 2000

                                                               HISTORICAL                       PRO FORMA
                                                  ------------------------------------  
------------------------------
                                                         REGISTRY           BRISTOL
                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      (OCTOBER 31,     (SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              2000)             2000)  ADJUSTMENTS          COMBINED
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                        $   1,539,297   $        49,768  $    (200,000)(1)    $  1,589,065
                                                                                           250,000 (2)
                                                                                           (50,000)(3)
        Accounts receivable, net                           58,556         4,008,345             --           4,066,901
   Inventories                                            102,168         3,419,797             --           3,521,965
   Other current assets                                    43,583           645,530             --             689,113
   Current portion of notes receivable                         --            81,602                             81,602
   Advances to Synergex                                    48,333                --                             48,333
   Advances to Bristol Retail Solutions                   250,000                --       (250,000)(2)              --
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total current assets                                    2,041,937         8,205,042       (250,000)          9,996,979
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property and equipment, net                               151,741           457,653             --             609,394
Intangible assets, net                                         --         4,066,076             --           4,066,076
Note receivable - noncurrent portion                           --            72,046                             72,046
Goodwill                                                       --                --     10,525,675 (1)      10,525,675
Advances to Synergex                                      101,667                --             --             101,667
Other assets                                               11,010           398,976             --             409,986
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                        $   2,306,355   $    13,199,793  $  10,275,675        $ 25,781,823
======================================================================================================================

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Short-term borrowings                            $          --   $     3,107,218  $          --       $   3,107,218
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities               323,237         4,326,729             --           4,649,966
   Deferred revenue                                            --         1,881,109             --           1,881,109
   Customer advances                                           --           473,100             --             473,100
   Current portion of long-term debt                           --           454,288             --             454,288
   Current portion of capital lease obligations                --            27,347             --              27,347
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total current liabilities                                 323,237        10,269,791             --          10,593,028
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term Debt:
Capital lease obligation, non current                          --            65,827             --              65,827
Other long-term liabilities                                    --            13,100             --              13,100
Redeemable warrants                                            --           216,750             --             216,750
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities                                         323,237        10,565,468             --          10,888,705
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock                --                --      1,000,000 (1)       1,000,000
Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock                --         1,000,000     (1,000,000)(1)              --

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
   
Series B preferred stock                                    --            50,000        (50,000)(3)              --
   Common stock                                             5,380                --          5,348 (1)          10,728
   Common stock                                                --             8,226         (8,226)(1)              --
   Additional paid-in capital                          14,016,102        13,760,048    (13,760,048)(1)      26,231,754
                                                                                        12,215,652 (1)

   
Deferred prepaid compensation                               --                --       (311,000)(1)        (311,000)
   
Deficit                                            (12,038,364)      (12,159,324)    12,159,324 (1)     (12,038,364)
   
Less:  Treasury stock                                                    (24,625)        24,625 (1)              --
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total shareholders' equity                              1,983,118         1,634,325     10,275,675          13,893,118
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity          $   2,306,355   $    13,199,793  $  10,275,675       $  25,781,823
======================================================================================================================

                  SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                                     
REGISTRY MAGIC INCORPORATED

                               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS
                               OF OPERATIONS

                                     FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2000

                                                               HISTORICAL                       PRO FORMA
                                                  ----------------------------------------  -------------------------------
                                                         REGISTRY                BRISTOL
                                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              (THREE MONTHS ENDED    (THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                       OCTOBER 31,          SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              2000)                 2000)  ADJUSTMENTS          COMBINED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

REVENUES:

Total fees and sales                               $     55,450        $    5,167,364     $      --         $  5,222,814
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                           55,450             5,167,364            --            5,222,814
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COSTS AND EXPENSES:
Cost of goods sold                                       44,018             3,966,290            --            4,010,308
General and administrative                              323,530             2,020,911        18,053   (5)      2,362,494
Research and development                                107,991                    --            --              107,991
Depreciation and amortization                            32,258                84,129       526,284   (4)        642,671
Loss on sale of London, KY and Canton OH office
     assets                                                  --               233,796            --              233,796
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total costs and expenses                                507,797             6,305,126       544,337            7,357,260
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating (loss)                                       (452,347)           (1,137,762)     (544,337)          (2,134,446)
Interest income, net                                     34,831                    --            --               34,831
Other expense                                                --               (92,732)           --              (92,732)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) before income tax provision                 (417,516)           (1,230,494)     (544,337)          (2,192,347)
Income tax provision                                         --                  (152)           --                 (152)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss)                                         $   (417,516)       $   (1,230,646)    $(544,377)          (2,192,499)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cumulative dividends for Series C preferred
     stock                                                   --               (30,000)           --              (30,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) available to common
     Shareholders                                  $   (417,516)       $   (1,260,646)    $(544,377)       $  (2,222,499)

============================================================================================================================
                                                                                         (7,501,859) (9)
Weighted average shares outstanding                   5,380,068             7,501,859     5,347,529  (9)      10,727,597
============================================================================================================================
Net (loss) available per common share (basic
     and diluted)                                  $      (0.08)       $        (0.17)                     $       (0.21)

============================================================================================================================

                  SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                                     
REGISTRY MAGIC INCORPORATED

                               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS
                               OF OPERATIONS

                                     FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2000

                                                               HISTORICAL                       PRO FORMA
                                                  ----------------------------------------  -------------------------------
                                                         REGISTRY                BRISTOL
                                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              (THREE MONTHS ENDED    (THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                       OCTOBER 31,          SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              2000)                 2000)  ADJUSTMENTS          COMBINED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cumulative dividends for Series C preferred
     stock                                                       --             (30,000)             --             (30,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) available to common
     Shareholders                                  $        (417,516)    $   (1,260,646)    $   (548,499)      $ (2,226,661)

============================================================================================================================
                                                                                               (7,501,859) (9)
Weighted average shares outstanding                        5,380,068          7,501,859         5,347,529  (9)   10,727,597
============================================================================================================================
Net (loss) available per common share (basic
     and diluted)                                  $           (0.08)    $        (0.17)                       $      (0.21)

============================================================================================================================

                  SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                                     
REGISTRY MAGIC INCORPORATED

                               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS
                               OF OPERATIONS

                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2000

                                                               HISTORICAL                       PRO FORMA
                                                  ----------------------------------------  
-------------------------------
                                                         REGISTRY                BRISTOL
                                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      (YEAR ENDED            (YEAR ENDED
                                                          JULY 31,               JUNE 30,
                                                              2000)                 2000)  ADJUSTMENTS          COMBINED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              (UNAUDITED)

REVENUES:

Total fees and sales                                   $     952,994    $     31,415,174   $         --        $ 32,368,168
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                               952,994          31,415,174             --          32,368,168
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

COSTS AND EXPENSES:
Cost of goods sold                                           593,371          23,951,541             --          24,544,912
General and administrative                                 2,645,467           9,698,474        129,413   (5)    12,473,354
Research and development                                     704,904             215,642             --             920,546
Depreciation and amortization                                203,698             776,066      2,105,135   (4)     3,084,899
Acquisition costs                                            384,306                  --             --             384,306
Gain on sale of Imager assets                                     --          (1,171,373)            --          (1,171,373)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total costs and expenses                                   4,531,376          33,470,350      2,234,548          40,236,644
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating (loss)                                          (3,578,752)         (2,055,176)    (2,234,548)         (7,868,476)
Interest income, net                                         185,029                  --             --             185,029
Other expense                                                     --            (563,458)            --            (563,458)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) before income tax provision                    (3,393,723)         (2,618,634)    (2,234,548)         (8,246,905)
Income tax provision                                   $          --     $       (10,609)   $        --        $    (10,609)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss)                                                (3,393,723)         (2,629,243)    (2,234,548)         (8,257,514)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cumulative dividends for Series B preferred stock                 --             (21,303)        21,303    (7)           --
Accretion related to Series C preferred stock                     --            (354,056)                          (354,056)
Cumulative dividends for Series C preferred stock                 --             (60,000)       (60,000)   (6)     (120,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) available to common shareholders            $  (3,393,723)    $    (3,064,602)   $(2,273,245)       $ (8,731,570)

==============================================================================================================================
                                                                                             (6,648,721)   (8)
Weighted average shares outstanding                        5,503,295           6,648,721      5,347,529    (8)   10,850,824
==============================================================================================================================
Net (loss) available per common share (basic and
    diluted)                                           $       (0.62)    $         (0.46)                             (0.80)
==============================================================================================================================

                  SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                                     
REGISTRY MAGIC INCORPORATED

                               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS
                               OF OPERATIONS

                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2000

                                                               HISTORICAL                       PRO FORMA
                                                  -----------------------------------------  
------------------------------
                                                         REGISTRY                BRISTOL
                                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      (YEAR ENDED            (YEAR ENDED
                                                          JULY 31,               JUNE 30,
                                                              2000)                 2000)  ADJUSTMENTS          COMBINED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              (UNAUDITED)

Income tax provision                                   $          --     $       (10,609)   $        --        $    (10,609)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss)                                                (3,393,723)         (2,629,243)    (2,251,198)         (8,274,164)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cumulative dividends for Series B preferred stock                 --             (21,303)        21,303    (7)           --
Accretion related to Series C preferred stock                     --            (354,056)       354,056    (8)           --
Cumulative dividends for Series C preferred stock                 --             (60,000)       (60,000)   (6)     (120,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) available to common shareholders            $  (3,393,723)    $    (3,064,602)   $(1,935,839)       $ (8,394,164)

==============================================================================================================================
                                                                                             (6,648,721)   (9)

Weighted average shares outstanding                        5,503,295           6,648,721      5,347,529    (9)   10,850,824
==============================================================================================================================
Net (loss) available per common share (basic and       $       (0.62)    $         (0.46)                             (0.77)
    diluted)

==============================================================================================================================

                  SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.


REGISTRY MAGIC INCORPORATED

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS

Reference  is  made  to  "introduction"  to the  pro
forma combined condensed statement on page 41.


Unaudited pro forma balance sheet adjustments:

1.       
To reflect the issuance of 5,347,529 shares of Registry common stock at
         an estimated value of $1.49 per share (approximately $7,968,000) for
         Bristol common stock, and the issuance of Series A redeemable
         cumulative convertible voting preferred shares of Registry with
         redemption value of $1,000,000 for Bristol Series C redeemable
         cumulative convertible voting preferred shares, with a redemption value
         of $1,000,000.
Additionally, to reflect the issuance of warrants and
         options to acquire an aggregate of 3,256,299 shares of Registry common
         stock with an estimated fair value of approximately $4,253,000 of which
         the estimated intrinsic value of unvested options of approximately
         $311,000 will be treated as deferred prepaid compensation and amortized
         over the remaining vesting period.
The estimated assumed purchase price
         is $13,421,000, including estimated acquisition costs of approximately
         $200,000.


2.       
To reflect the elimination of the note payable funded to Bristol during
         October 1999 by Registry in the amount of $250,000.

3.       
To reflect the redemption of the Series B cumulative preferred shares
         (face value $50,000) by Bristol at face value which will occur prior to
         the merger.


Unaudited pro forma statements of operations adjustments:

4.       
To reflect the amortization of goodwill in the amount of approximately
         $10,526,000, on a straight-line basis over five years.


REGISTRY MAGIC INCORPORATED

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS

5.       
To reflect the amortization of the estimated intrinsic value of
         approximately $311,000 attributed to the unvested common stock options
         issued by Registry over the remaining vesting period of the options.


6.       
To reflect the additional dividend on the Series A 12% cumulative
         redeemable convertible preferred shares (face value $1,000,000).
The
         annual dividend of $120,000 would be payable on a quarterly basis.


7.       
To reflect the elimination of the cumulative dividends related to the
         Series B cumulative preferred shares, which will be redeemed prior to
         the merger (see 3 above).


8.       
To reflect the issuance of the 5,347,599 shares of common stock as if
         they had been issued on August 1, 1999 for purposes of the weighted
         average number of shares outstanding in connection with the calculation
         of net loss per common share (basic and diluted).
Registry's
         potentially issuable shares of common stock pursuant to outstanding
         stock purchase options, warrants, and the Series C voting preferred
         convertible shares for purposes of the adjusted pro forma net loss per
         common share calculation are excluded from the pro forma diluted
         computation as their effect would be antidilutive to the pro forma net
         loss per share.
The put warrants associated with the Series A 12%
         cumulative redeemable convertible preferred shares may have a potential
         impact on earnings per share on a forward going basis.

                              
BUSINESS OF REGISTRY

INTRODUCTION

         Registry was organized to design, develop, commercialize and market
proprietary products and services that exploit recent advances in speech
recognition technologies.
The Company also is developing secured voice enabled
applications that can be incorporated with emerging technologies in wireless
area networks with particular emphasis on point-of-sale equipment.
The products
currently offered or under development by Registry have the objective to enable
a user to speak into a telephone or to a computer in a natural conversational
manner and, in turn, have the product listen, understand and respond by
performing tasks or retrieving information in a secured environment.

         
Registry's initial product was the Virtual Operator(TM) a speech driven
auto-attendant and call routing turnkey product.
Although the Virtual Operator's
technology has garnered many industry awards, the product is generating only
limited sales and the Company has been unable to successfully create a
substantial market for it.
This has resulted in significant losses for Registry
over the past three years.

         
Since August 2000, the Company has begun to reposition itself in the
Mobile Commerce (mCommerce) industry by leveraging its existing speech
application technologies, incorporating emerging wireless technologies (i.e.
Bluetooth), and shifting its business model to one focused on developing
recurring revenue.
Under this new direction, the Company has broadened its
technology base to capitalize on the expanding mobile Internet and eCommerce
marketplaces.
Registry is also seeking to establish distribution capacity for
its technologies through a combination with Bristol, a distributor of
point-of-sale equipment.


INDUSTRY BACKGROUND

         Historically, emphasis in the speech recognition industry has been
placed on the development of core speech recognition engine technology, rather
than on the development of speech recognition applications technology.
The
speech recognition engine is the core technology upon which various applications
are based.
Major companies, including IBM, Philips, Fonix, and Lucent, have
spent substantial sums of money over the last quarter century in developing core
engine technology, but have, for the most part, relegated developing
applications to others.
Speech recognition engine technologies require distinct
skills including speech algorithms, statistics, digital signal processing
algorithms, digital signal processing programming, phonetics, linguistics,
information theory and coding theory.

         
As the number of electronic devices used by businesses and consumers
proliferate and the features and functionality of these products and services
increase and become more complex, manufacturers continually seek to increase the
ease of use and the interface between their products and the end user.
The
manner and simplicity of operation of a product can have a direct effect on its
popularity, frequency of use and market acceptance.
The introduction of the
"mouse" and the graphical user interface ("GUI"), each of which simplified the
use of the personal computer, are examples of how improving a product's
user-friendliness can enhance its marketability.

         
In early 1998 a group of computer and telecommunications industry

leaders including Intel, IBM, Toshiba, Ericsson, and Nokia, together began
developing a way for users to connect a wide range of mobile devices quickly and
easily, without cables.
To ensure that this technology is seamlessly implemented
in a diverse range of devices, these leaders formed a special interest group to
design a royalty-free, open specification technology, code named "Bluetooth.
"
This group has quickly gained membership from companies such as 3COM, Palm, Axis
Communication, Compaq, Dell, Lucent Technologies UK Limited, Motorola, Qualcomm
and Xircom and is encouraging the involvement of all other companies interested
in offering products taking advantage of a standardized wireless means for
connection.

         
Bluetooth technology allows for the replacement of the many proprietary
cables that connect one device to another with one universal short-range radio
link.
For instance, Bluetooth radio technology built into both the cellular
telephone and the laptop would replace the cumbersome cable used today to
connect a laptop to a cellular telephone.
Printers, PDA's, desktops, fax
machines, keyboards, joysticks and virtually any other digital device can be
part of the Bluetooth system.

         
But beyond untethering devices by replacing the cables, Bluetooth radio
technology provides a universal bridge to existing data networks, a peripheral
interface, and a mechanism to form small private groupings of connected devices
away from fixed network infrastructures.
Together with other industry
initiatives, such as WAP (Wireless Application Protocol), Bluetooth conceivably
will have a significant effect on everyday life.
Bluetooth is one of the key
technologies that can make the mobile information society possible, blurring the
boundaries between home, the office and the outside world.


STRATEGY

         Registry's overall goal is to exploit our proprietary speech
recognition application expertise and combine it in a secure environment with
the wireless Internet, mobile commerce, and wireless local area networks to move
closer to the customer.
By broadening the spectrum of the Company's technologies
to include Speech Recognition and Verification, WAP, and wireless LANS
(primarily Bluetooth), the Company believes it can take advantage of recent
technological developments that are bringing the Internet, databases and LANS to
the retail market.
The Company has developed products that integrate Bluetooth
technology with point-of-sale terminals.
The Company plans on developing
additional products around this platform.
Critical to the Company's ability to
develop this market is its need to combine its technology with distribution
capacity.
Registry believes that this focus will create the opportunity for the
Company to participate in the emerging mCommerce market using the most usable
natural interface, the human voice.
The Company believes that recent
developments in wireless delivery of information will transform a consumer's
everyday experience, specifically in environments where point-of-sale
transactional exchanges are becoming increasingly slow and cumbersome.

         
Registry is revamping its business model to adapt to this environment.

The Company believes that in order to bring its applications to the marketplace
in a timely and efficient manner, it must employ its speech technology
applications with e-commerce products and services developed by others and
exploit marketing and distribution channels developed by others.
Registry
believes that by entering into strategic alliances with partners that have made
such investments, its resources can be focused on the delivery of solutions.


SYNERGEX MERGER AND TERMINATION

         On February 11, 2000, Registry Magic entered into a merger agreement
with Synergex Retail Solutions, Inc.
Synergex was engaged in the design of
software tools and services.
Had the merger been completed, the Company would
have likely discontinued its Virtual Operator speech driven auto-attendant and
focused on speech enabling Synergex products.
The Company still continues to
sell its Virtual Operator and is currently assessing the continuation of the
product.

         
The merger agreement was subject to various conditions which Synergex
was not able to satisfy.
However, during that period Registry Magic
de-emphasized its Virtual Operator operations.

         
On August 7, 2000 Registry Magic terminated its Merger Agreement with
Synergex.
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement in connection with the
potential combination of Registry and Synergex the parties entered into certain
agreements and understandings described below.

         
On February 28, 2000 Synergex and Registry entered into a management
services agreement.
Synergex agreed to provide Registry with executive
accounting, sales, marketing and other management services.
Under the agreement,
Registry agreed to pay Synergex a monthly fee of $10,000 plus all out of pocket
travel expenses incurred in connection with the services provided.
The agreement
provided that in the event the proposed merger did not close, Registry would pay
Synergex an additional fee equal to the product of $10,000 times the number of
months from the effective date of the agreement until termination or expiration.

Total management fees paid to Synergex for the year ended July 31, 2000 were
$135,872.

         
In April 2000, Registry and Synergex entered into a line of credit
whereby Registry advanced to Synergex a total of $150,000.
The note provided
that in the event the merger did not close, Synergex would pay to Registry the
principal then outstanding plus the interest at the prime rate plus 2% in 36
equal monthly installments, beginning September 1, 2000.

         
Registry and Synergex negotiated a Settlement Agreement satisfying all
obligations in connection with the Merger Agreement and the related
transactions.
Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, Synergex will repay
Registry the $150,000 in 36 equal monthly installments of $4,946.40.

         
The Settlement Agreement also provides for mutual releases between
Registry and Synergex and covenants not to sue.


PRODUCTS

PRODUCT CHARACTERISTICS

         Registry has developed and is developing proprietary applications
software products that simulate the manner in which human beings communicate by
incorporating the following key attributes:

         Speaker Independence -- enables any person to speak and be understood.

As a result, within a geographic region or country Registry's technology
"listens" to and can understand different dialects, ages and genders.

         
Dialogue Detection (Key Word Spotting) -- identifies the key words for
action within any naturally spoken command.
For example, a caller may say, "I'd

like to speak with John Doe, please" Dialogue Detection locates the name "John
Doe" and ignores all other words that have been spoken.

         
Talk-thru (Barge-in) -- allows callers to override prompts with their
voice.
The computer stops speaking, "hears" the new input and responds by going
into its database to retrieve the requested information.

         
Magic Bullseye(tm) - performs automatically the desired task based on
the confidence of the understanding of the caller's spoken command, without the
need for an additional confirmation prompt, thereby making the caller
interaction with the computer more efficient and natural.

         
Speaker Verification - provides secure verification of the user through
voice imprints.


PRODUCTS AVAILABLE OR UNDER DEVELOPMENT

         Virtual Operator(r).
Registry's first stand-alone product is a speech
driven auto-attendant that enables a caller to request connection to a person or
department by speaking into a telephone in a natural manner.
A caller does not
need to remember the extension of the person or department to whom the caller
wishes to speak, and the caller is not required to enter touch-tones to transfer
to a desired department.
Additionally, a caller can interrupt a prompt at any
time and state the caller's request without waiting for the prompt to finish.

         
Content and Commerce Access.
Registry has developed applications that
enable individuals to access information and conduct transactions using voice as
an interface.
These applications are aimed at Internet content providers,
ecommerce companies, and brick-and-mortar retailers who wish to extend their
distribution channel to include a voice interface.


STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS

         Registry continues to expand its relationships with technology
providers and distribution partners.
Currently, some of these relationships
include:

         DIALOGIC CORPORATION.
Registry has an agreement with Dialogic
Corporation, the largest manufacturer of computer telephone equipment.
As such,
Registry is authorized to participate in a number of marketing programs in
support of the promotion of Registry's products.


SALES AND MARKETING

         To date, marketing efforts have been conducted by Company personnel and
have focused on national and regional distribution companies and OEM telephone
switch and voicemail manufacturers.

         
The Company also intends to revamp its sales and marketing approach
through its combination with Bristol Retail Solutions, Inc.
Bristol is a dealer
in Retail POS Systems in the United States with sales, services and support
offices in 10 cities across the U.S.
Bristol employs 80 people in sales, support
and service functions.
The Company intends to avail itself of Bristol's sales
organization to market the Company's technology and products to customers of
Bristol.

SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS

         Registry's proprietary software incorporates core speech engine
technology developed by others for which Registry has obtained licenses.

         
Registry's software products are designed to be used with personal
computers, specifically Intel(R) Pentium processors.
Standard telephone
interface cards are also required for certain of the turnkey hardware products
if these products communicate via the telephone.
Registry's telephony products
currently require telephone interface cards manufactured by Dialogic of
Parsippany, New Jersey, however there are a number of other manufacturers,
including Natural Microsystems, Rhetoric, and NewVoice from which Registry may
purchase cards on similar terms and conditions.
Certain of Registry's products
also rely on special processing boards that are manufactured by Dialogic as
well.
The loss of Dialogic as a source for these cards could have a material
adverse impact on Registry, since Registry might not be able to offer all the
features of a particular application if it were required to rely on other
suppliers.

         
Registry's personal computer desktop software products require high
quality sound cards shipped with most PCs today, as well as high quality
noise-canceling microphones available from a number of suppliers including
Andrea Electronics.
Registry's telephone based products are designed to be used
with Microsoft(R) Windows.
Additionally, toolkits (i.e. collections of programs
that facilitate the creation of applications software) from engine providers
enable Registry to exploit speech recognition engine technologies developed by
different vendors.
Typically, Registry selects engine toolkits and speech
recognition engine technology manufactured by the same entity.
Alternatively,
Registry selects a programming toolkit to complement a specific application
based on the toolkit that produces the fastest results in a high quality manner
and yields efficiencies in hardware requirements.


PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

         Registry considers its software and applications as proprietary and
currently relies on a combination of copyright, trade secret and trademark laws
and license agreements to protect its intellectual property rights.
Registry
also has entered and will enter into license agreements with end-users of the
products and applications, and has required all employees to enter into
confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements.
Despite these precautions, it may
be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy aspects of Registry's
products or to obtain and use information that Registry regards as proprietary.


COMPETITION

         The speech recognition applications market is growing and is
characterized by intense competition.
Registry's products will compete with, or
affect the sales of, many well-established companies including IBM, AT&T,
Digital Equipment, Lucent, Nortel and Unisys.
These companies have substantially
greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources than Registry and
have established reputations for success in the development, licensing and sale
of their products and technology, especially the larger organizations.
Several
of these competitors have the financial resources necessary to enable them to
withstand substantial price competition or downturns in their markets.
In
addition, certain companies may be expected to develop technologies or products
that may be functionally similar to some or all of those being developed by
Registry.


EMPLOYEES

         Registry, as of December 31, 2000, has 10 full-time employees.
Of such
employees, 2 persons are in management and finance; 2 persons are engaged in
sales and marketing; 2 persons are engaged in development; 3 are in product
support, and 1 person is in administration.
No employee of Registry is covered
by a collective bargaining agreement or is represented by a labor union.

Registry considers its employee relations to be good.


PROPERTIES

         On May 15, 2000, Registry commenced a one year lease of 1,762 square
feet of office space in Boca Raton, Florida for a monthly base rental of $2,202,
plus Registry's proportionate share of taxes and operating expenses.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         Registry is not a party to any material litigation nor is it aware of
any material threatened litigation.

           
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                      AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - REGISTRY

OVERVIEW

         Registry was organized to design, develop, commercialize and market
proprietary products and professional services that exploit recent advances in
speech recognition technologies.
Registry's products currently marketed or under
development have the objective of enabling a user to speak into a telephone or
to a computer in a natural conversational manner and, in turn, have the product
listen, understand and respond by performing tasks or retrieving information.

         
Registry's products and services, among other things, will (i)
substantially eliminate the need for touch-tone menus, (ii) reduce operational
costs by performing repetitive tasks of live employees and (iii) allow for the
access of information from anywhere and at anytime through speech.
Registry's
business strategy is to focus on products and pricing models that produce
revenue on a transaction or recurring basis.
While, we have generated limited
revenues, Registry's expenses continue to significantly exceed revenues.
There
can be no assurance that product installations, royalties or licensing will
generate sufficient revenues to enable Registry to operate profitably during its
2001 fiscal year or thereafter.

         
Since August 2000, Registry has begun repositioning itself in the
Mobile Commerce (mCommerce) industry by leveraging its existing speech
application technologies, incorporating emerging wireless technologies, and
shifting its business model to one focused on developing recurring revenue.

Under this new direction, Registry has broadened its technology base to
capitalize on the expanding mobile Internet and commerce marketplaces.
Registry
is also seeking to establish distribution capacity for its technologies through
a combination with a major distributor of point-of-sale equipment.

         
Registry's overall goal is to exploit our proprietary speech
recognition application expertise and combine it in a secured environment with
the wireless Internet, mobile commerce, and wireless LANs to move closer to the
customer.
By broadening the spectrum of Registry's technologies to include
Speech Recognition and Verification, WAP, and wireless LANS (primarily Bluetooth
and 802.11b), Registry believes it can take advantage of recent technological
developments that are bringing the Internet, databases and LANS to the retail
market.
Critical to Registry's ability to develop this market is its need to
combine its technology with distribution capacity.
Registry believes that this
focus will create the opportunity for Registry to participate in the emerging
mCommerce market using the most usable natural interface, the human voice.

Registry believes that recent developments in wireless delivery of information
will transform a consumer's everyday experience, specifically in environments
where point-of-sale transactional exchanges are becoming increasingly slow and
cumbersome.

         
Registry is subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment
of a young business enterprise.
To address these risks, Registry must, among
other things, increase the number of key customer installations, enter into
successful distribution arrangements, respond to competitive developments, and
attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.
Failure to achieve one or more
of these goals could have a material adverse effect upon Registry's business,
operating results and financial condition.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2000 COMPARED TO THREE MONTHS ENDED
OCTOBER 31, 1999

         Since its inception in October 1995
, the Company's efforts have been
principally devoted to research, development and design of products, marketing
activities and raising capital.
Beginning in fiscal 1998 the Company began
selling its initial product, the Virtual Operator.

         
For the three months ended October 31, 2000, product sales were $55,450
compared to $523,458 for the three months ended October 31, 1999 a decrease of
$468,008.
Sales have decreased as the Company has reduced its sales staff and
shifted its focus from its Virtual Operator product to mCommerce products.

         
For the three months ended October 31, 2000, cost of sales amounted to
$44,018 or 79% of sales representing hardware costs associated with the
Company's Virtual Operator.
For the three months ended October 31, 1999 cost of
sales amounted to $318,738 or 61% of sales representing hardware costs
associated with the Company's Virtual Operator.

         
General and administrative expense decreased by $640,837 to $323,530
for the three months ended October 31, 2000 from $964,367 for the three months
ended October 31, 1999.
The reduction in general and administrative expense was
due to decreased administrative and sales staff.
The decrease in staff was due
to the termination of all staff not directly focused on strategic projects.
The
Company does not foresee a significant increase in general and administrative
costs from its present level.

         
Research and development expenses for the three months ended October
31, 2000 were $107,991 compared to $282,324 for the three months ended October
31, 1999 a decrease of $174,333.
This was due to the Company reducing its
development staff.
Research and development expenses incurred in the course of
establishing technological feasibility of the Company's software applications
have been charged to operations pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards SFAS No.86 Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software to be Sold,
Leased, or Otherwise Marketed.
Research and development expenses are expected to
increase moderately in future periods.

         
Depreciation expense decreased $23,579 for the three months ended
October 31, 2000 to $32,258 from $55,837 for the three months ended October 31,
1999.

         
Interest income net for the three months ended October 31, 2000
amounted to $34,831 compared to $57,889 of interest income net for the three
months ended October 31, 1999 a decrease of $23,058.
The decrease in interest
income was due to the Company's reduction in cash balances.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2000 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 1999

         Since its inception in October 1995, the Company's efforts have been
principally devoted to research, development and design of products, marketing
activities and raising capital.
For the year ended July 31, 2000 product sales
were $952,994 as compared to $2,453,285 for the year ended July 31, 1999.
The
decrease in sales resulted from no joint development projects and licensing fees
and a corporate restructuring to prepare for the planned merger with Synergex

International, which was terminated August 7, 2000.
As part of the
restructuring, certain sales staff and other staff not directly focused on
strategic projects were terminated.
The Company has currently developed products
that focus utilizing Bluetooth technology with point-of-sale terminals.
It
believes there is a large market for these products.
The Company is currently
evaluating the future of its Virtual Operator product.
For the year ended July
31, 2000 four customers Cyber Solutions, Lucent Technologies, Siemens ICN and
ECI Telecom Tadiran accounted for 68% of total revenues.
For the year ended July
31, 1999 one customer Veritel Corporation accounted for 10% of software
development revenue.

         
For the year ended July 31, 2000, cost of goods sold amounted to
$593,371 or 61% of sales compared to $1,523,108 or 62% of sales for the year
ended July 31, 1999, a decrease of $929,737 representing hardware costs
associated with the Company's Virtual Operator.
For the year ended July 31, 2000
the Company increased its inventory reserve to $34,720.

         
General and administrative expenses decreased by $1,212,293 from
$3,857,760 for the year ended July 31, 1999 to $2,645,467 for the year ended
July 31, 2000.
The reduction in general and administrative expense was due to
decreased administrative and sales staff.
The decrease in staff was due to the
termination of all staff not directly focused on strategic projects.
Prior to
the merger, the Company does not foresee a significant increase in general and
administrative costs from its present level.

         
No royalty expense was incurred for the year ended July 31, 2000
compared to $500,000 for the year ended July 31, 1999.
This is due to no royalty
agreements being entered into in the current fiscal year.

         
Research and development expenses for the year ended July 31, 2000 were
$704,904 compared to $1,242,210 for the year ended July 31, 1999, a decrease of
$537,306.
The Company has reduced development staff in order to focus on
strategic product development.
While the Company continues to develop additional
products it may be required to hire additional development staff.
Research and
development expenses incurred in the course of establishing technological
feasibility of the Company's software applications have been charged to
operations pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards "SFAS" No. 86

"Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software to be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise
Marketed".

         
Depreciation expense increased $7,877 for the year ended July 31, 2000
to $203,698 from $195,821 for the year ended July 31, 1999 primarily due to the
Company purchasing additional computer hardware during the 2000 fiscal year.

Acquisition costs, which were $384,306 for the year ended July 31, 2000, related
to the proposed merger with Synergex.
These costs represent legal, accounting,
printing and other costs associated with the termination of the abandoned
merger.

         
On August 7, 2000, the Company and Synergex terminated a Plan of Merger
and accordingly, the Company wrote off acquisition costs of approximately
$384,000.
In connection with the termination of the Merger Agreement, the
Company terminated a management services agreement whereby Synergex agreed to
provide the Company with executive accounting, sales, marketing and other
management services as agreed upon by the parties.
The Company's personnel
resumed these functions.

         
Interest income, for the year ended July 31, 2000 amounted to $185,029
compared to interest income of $364,019 for the year ended July 31, 1999.
The

decrease in interest income was due primarily to the reduction in the Company's
cash balances.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         As of October 31, 2000, the Company had approximately $1,539,000 in
cash and cash equivalents.
The Company does not have any available lines of
credit.
Since inception, and until completion of the Company's public offering
in June 1998, the Company financed its operations through loans from the
Company's Chairman and his wife and from private placements of both debt and
equity.
On June 2, 1998, the Company closed an initial public offering of Common
Stock.
The Company offered and sold 1,600,000 shares of Common Stock at an
offering price of $7.25 per share, raising proceeds, net of offering costs, of
approximately $9,900,000.
On June 26, 1998, through the underwriter's exercise
of an over-allotment, the Company sold an additional 220,000 shares of Common
Stock raising net proceeds of approximately $1,400,000.

         
Net cash used in operating activities decreased by $993,847 to $185,463
for the three months ended October 31, 2000 as compared with $1,179,310 during
the three months ended October 31, 1999.
Net cash used in operating activities
was primarily related to the Company's continued expansion of its research and
development and sales and marketing efforts.

         
Net cash from(used in) investing activities during the three months
ended October 31, 2000 and 1999 were $(151,907) and $2,221 respectively an
increase of $154,128.
The increase is do to $250,000 advanced to Bristol and the
repayment of $100,000 owed from a Director of the Company.

         
Net cash used by financing activities during the three months ended
October 31, 2000 and 1999 amounted to $0 and $57,150 respectively.
For the three
months ended October 31, 1999, the Company repurchased 600,000 shares of common
stock from two former employees, the Company also received $2,850 from the
exercise of stock options.

         
Registry will require substantial funding following the merger.
While
Registry believes its new technology will provide the opportunity to attract
additional capital, we cannot assure you that additional capital will be
available in sufficient amounts to enable us to fund our research and
development efforts.
Subsequent to the merger, net income will be affected by
the amortization of goodwill.
Earnings per share will be also so affected.

         
Bristol's financial statements have been prepared assuming that
Bristol will continue as a going concern.
The auditors' report on Bristol's
1999 financial statements states that "the Company has suffered recurring losses
from operations, has a cash deficiency from operations and is experiencing
operating losses that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a
going concern."
The Company continues to explore the possibility of raising
funds through available sources including but not limited to equity and debt
markets.
It is uncertain that the Company will be successful at raising funds
through these sources.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.
SFAS
No. 133
requires companies to recognize ALL derivative contracts as either assets or
liabilities in the balance sheet and to measure them at fair value.
If certain
conditions are met a derivative may be specifically designated as a hedge, the

objective of which is to match the timing of gain or loss recognition on the
hedging derivative with the recognition of (i) the changes in the fair value of
the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedge risk, or (ii)
the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transaction.
For a derivative NOT
designated as a hedging instrument, the gain or loss is recognized in income in
the period of change.
As amended the effective date has been changed to all
fiscal quarters of fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000.

         
Historically Bristol has not entered into any derivative contracts in
order to hedge existing risks or for speculative purposes.
Accordingly, Bristol
does not expect adoption of the new standards to affect its financial
statements.

         
In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
FASB Interpretation No. 44 (Interpretation 44), ACCOUNTING FOR CERTAIN
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING STOCK COMPENSATION.
Interpretation 44 provides criteria
for the recognition of compensation expense in certain stock-based compensation
arrangements that are accounted for under Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No. 25, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK ISSUED TO EMPLOYEES.
Interpretation 44 is effective
July 1, 2000, with certain provisions effective retroactively to December 15,
1998 and January 12, 2000.
There was no effect of the retroactive provisions of
Interpretation 44 on Bristol's financial statements.
Interpretation 44 is not
expected to have a material effect on Bristol's financial statements.

         
In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements" ("SAB
101").
SAB 101 provides guidance on the recognition, presentation and disclosure
of revenues in financial statements and requires adoption no later than the
fourth fiscal quarter of fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1999.
Bristol
does not expect the implementation of SAB 101 to have a material impact on
Bristol's earnings or financial position.

         
In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140, ACCOUNTING FOR
TRANSFERS AND SERVICING OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND EXTINGUISHMENT OF LIABILITIES.

SFAS 140 provides accounting and reporting standards for transfers and servicing
of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities.
SFAS 140 replaces SFAS
No. 125 and is effective for transfers and servicing of financial assets and
extinguishments occurring after March 31, 2001.
SFAS 140 is effective for
recognition and reclassification of collateral and for disclosures relating to
securitization transactions and collateral for fiscal years ending after
December 15, 2000.
The adoption of SFAS 140 did not materially impact Bristol's
earnings or financial position.

                  
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRY

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

         
The following table sets forth the names and ages of our current
directors and executive officers, the principal offices and positions held by
each person.
The executive officers are elected annually by the board of
directors.
The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death,
resignation or removal by the board of directors.
There are no family
relationships between any of the directors and executive officers.
In addition,
there was no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any
other person pursuant to which any person was selected as an executive officer.


The directors and executive officers of Registry are as follows:

NAME                          AGE         POSITION WITH REGISTRY
- ----                          ---         ----------------------

Lawrence Cohen                55          Chairman of the Board, Acting Chief
                                          Executive Officer

Cornelia Eldridge (1)(2)      58          Director

David Kaye                    64          Director

Martin Scott                  32          Treasurer and Secretary

John Falcone                  33          Vice President

- ---------------
(1)      
Member of the Audit Committee of the board of directors.

(2)      Member of the Compensation Committee.

         
Registry's board of directors held meetings and took action by
unanimous written consent eight times during 2000.

         
The Registry audit committee, consisting of Cornelia Eldridge and
Renney Senn (a former director), met one time in 2000.
The functions of the
audit committee are to review annual and quarterly financial statements, meet
with Registry's independent auditors and address accounting matters or questions
raised by the auditors.

         
The compensation committee of the Registry board of directors,
consisting of Cornelia Eldridge and Renney Senn, met one time in 2000.
The
functions of the compensation committee are to review compensation of officers
and employees and administer and award options under all stock option plans of
Registry.

         
LAWRENCE COHEN has served as Chairman of the Board since he founded
Registry in October 1995.
Since February 2000, Mr. Cohen has served as acting
Chief Executive Officer of Registry.
Mr. Cohen has been engaged in providing
financial consulting and merchant banking services to early-stage companies for
more than the past 25 years.
He has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of Bristol Retail Solutions, Inc. (OTCBB: BRTL), a
point-of-sale equipment distributor, since he co-founded such company in April
1996.
He is also the co-founder of Apollo BioPharmaceuticals, Inc., a
privately-held company in Massachusetts engaged in the development of
neuroprotective pharmaceuticals, and currently Chairman of the Board of McLaren
Automotive Group, Inc., formerly ASHA Corp. (Nasdaq:MCLN), an automotive design
and motorsports group.
Between November 1990 and September 1996, Mr. Cohen
served as Chairman of the Board of BioTime, Inc. (Nasdaq:BTIM), a biotechnology
firm he founded to develop an artificial blood plasma substitute.
He was
co-founder of Cryomedical Sciences (Nasdaq:CMSI), a low temperature surgery
company, and served as its President from November 1990 to November 1991.

         
CORNELIA ELDRIDGE has served as a director of Registry since October
1998.
Ms. Eldridge is President of Eldridge Associates, Inc., a
management-consulting firm she founded in 1981.
Ms. Eldridge currently serves on

the Board of Directors of DE Frey, Inc., a financial services firm, and SusComm,
the largest assembler and reseller of IBM mid-range computers.

         
DAVID KAYE has served as a director of Registry since February 2000.

Since June 2000, Mr. Kaye has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of
Bristol.
From January 1999 until December 1999, he was the Vice President of
Corporate Finance for Kann Capital Ltd., an investment banking firm.
From March
1998 until December 1998, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Tech Electro
Industries, Inc., a publicly traded holding company operating principally in the
information technology sector.
From July 1997 to February 1998, Mr. Kaye served
as President of 433, Inc., a corporation offering mediation services to
delinquent federal and state taxpayers.
From January 1990 until July 1997 he
served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Kaye Kotts Associates, Inc.,
a corporation offering mediation services to delinquent federal and state tax
payers.
In February 1998, Kaye Kotts Associates, Inc. filed for bankruptcy under
Chapter 7 of the bankruptcy code.

         
MARTIN SCOTT, a certified public accountant, has served as Secretary
and Treasurer of Registry since October 1997.
From June 1996 until October 1997,
he was employed as an Audit Supervisor by Millward & Co., CPAs.
From October
1995, until June 1996, Mr. Scott served as Controller of ERD Waste Corp.
(Nasdaq:ERDI), a waste disposal company.
Prior thereto, from January 1995, he
was employed as a Senior Accountant with the firm of Richard A. Eisner & Co.,
LLP.
From January 1991 to January 1995, he was employed as a Senior Accountant
with the firm of Feldman Radin & Co., P.C.
Mr. Scott has assumed a position as
Chief Financial Officer of Geotec Thermal Generators, Inc. and will not continue
as an officer of Registry once his successor is named.

         
JOHN FALCONE was named Chief Technology Officer and Vice President of
Development and Operations for Registry in August 1999.
Between February 1997
and August 1999, he was Director of Infrastructure Services and Internet
Strategy for the Hartford Insurance Group, Hartford, Connecticut.
Earlier, he
was Senior Personnel Officer between April 1994 and February 1997 at MBNA
America, a major credit card issuer and affinity marketing group located in
Wilmington, Delaware.


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         The Summary Compensation Table shows certain compensation information
for services rendered in all capacities during each of the last three fiscal
years by the Chief Executive Officer and those executive officers who received
salary, bonus or other compensation in excess of $100,000 (these individuals are
collectively referred to herein as the "Named Executive Officers").
The
following information for the Named Executive Officers includes the dollar value
of base salaries, bonus awards, the number of stock options granted and certain
other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred.

                           
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                     ANNUAL COMPENSATION            LONG-TERM COMPENSATION AWARDS
                                    ----------------------    
-----------------------------------------
                                                                             RESTRICTED    SECURITIES
NAME AND PRINCIPAL                                            OTHER ANNUAL     STOCK       UNDERLYING
POSITION                   YEAR        SALARY (1)   BONUS     COMPENSATION    AWARDS    OPTIONS/SARs(#)
- -------------------        ----        ----------  
-------    ------------  ---------  
----------------

Lawrence Cohen             2000        $115,500

Chairman and acting CEO    1999        $115,500      -0-           -0-          
None             -0-
                           1998        $100,000      -0-           -0-          None             -0-

Bruce Carlsmith            2000        $ 93,333      -0-           -0-          None             -0-
Former President           1999        $ 12,788      -0-           -0-          None             35,000

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

         Effective December 21, 1997, the Company entered into a three-year
employment agreement with Lawrence Cohen providing for base annual salary of
$115,500.
The employee may receive annual bonuses at the discretion of the
Company, with bonuses to be determined by the Compensation and Audit Committee.

No formula or criteria have been specifically determined.
The agreements provide
for severance equal to one year's salary in the event of (i) non-renewal of the
agreement upon expiration other than for cause or (ii) a change of control of
the Company as a result of which the employee is not retained by new management
on a comparable basis.
In addition, the agreements contain confidentiality
provisions and 12-month post termination non-competition restriction which may
be imposed by the Company provided the employee receives a lump sum payment
equal to one year's salary within 30 days of termination of employment.
Under
Florida law, a court of competent jurisdiction may determine not to enforce such
non-competition restrictions or partially enforce or modify such provisions.


OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

         There were no grants of stock options to the Named Executive Officers
pursuant to Registry's Stock Option Plans during the fiscal year ended July 31,
2000.


AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN THE LAST FISCAL YEAR AND THE FISCAL
YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

         Set forth below is information with respect to the unexercised options
to purchase Registry's common stock held by Named Executive Officers at July 31,
2000.
No options were exercised during fiscal 2000.

                                                                              SECURITIES         VALUE
                                                                              OF UNDERLYING      UNEXERCISED
                                                                              UNEXERCISED        IN-THE-MONEY
                                                                              OPTIONS/SARs       OPTIONS/SARs
                                       NUMBER OF                              AT FY-END (#)      
AT FY-END (#)
                                    SHARES ACQUIRED       VALUE REALIZED      EXERCISABLE/       EXERCISABLE/
NAME                                 ON EXERCISE (#)           ($)            UNEXERCISABLE      UNEXERCISABLE
- -----                               ---------------       --------------      ------------       
------------

Lawrence Cohen, Chairman and        None                  None                  100,000/0          $0/0(1)
acting Chief Executive Officer

Bruce Carlsmith                     None                  None                  35,000/0           $0/0(1)
Former President

- ----------------
(1)      Dollar values are calculated based on the difference between the
         options exercise price and $1.375, the closing price of the Company's
         Common Stock on July 30, 2000, as reported by NASDAQ.


COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

         Directors who are employees or otherwise receive compensation do not
receive additional compensation for service as directors.
Outside directors each
receive $500 per meeting for attending meetings of the Board of Directors.
In
addition, directors will be reimbursed for expenses incurred in attending such
meetings and will be indemnified against any claims arising out of their status
as a director of Registry, including claims arising under federal and state
securities laws.
In addition, directors are eligible to receive options under
Registry's Stock Option Plans.

                 
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         All transactions between Registry and its officers, shareholders and
each of their affiliated companies have been made on terms no less favorable to
Registry than those available from unaffiliated parties.
In the future, Registry
intends to handle transactions in a similar nature on terms no less favorable to
Registry to those available from unaffiliated parties.
In addition, any
forgiveness of loans must be approved by a majority of Registry's independent
directors who do not have an interest in the transaction and who have access, at
Registry's expense, to Registry's counsel or independent counsel.
During the
2000 fiscal year, the Company paid a director, David Kaye, $40,000 for
consulting services and advanced the Director $125,000 in connection with
services rendered in a proposed merger.
The merger was unsuccessful and
accordingly, the Director and the Company reached an agreement whereby the
Director repaid $100,000 to the Company, subsequent to year-end.

         
Both Registry Magic and Bristol have certain common shareholders and
members of management.
Larry Cohen is Chairman and CEO of Registry and also
Chairman of Bristol Retail Solutions.
David Kaye is a Director of the Company
and also President and CEO of Bristol.

                 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
                           AND MANAGEMENT OF REGISTRY

         The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
beneficial ownership of Registry's common stock, its only class of outstanding
voting securities as of January 1, 2001, by (i) each of Registry's directors and
executive officers, and (ii) each person or entity who is known to Registry to
own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding common stock with the address
of each such person or entity.

  NAME AND ADDRESS OF                     SHARES OF COMMON STOCK                  PERCENTAGE OF OUTSTANDING
BENEFICIAL OWNERS(1)(2)                        
BENEFICIALLY OWNED               SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED(1)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lawrence Cohen (3)                               1,815,000                                  30.2%

Martin Scott(4)                                     66,538                                   1.1%

Cornelia Eldridge(5)                               190,000                                   3.2%

  NAME AND ADDRESS OF                     SHARES OF COMMON STOCK                  PERCENTAGE OF OUTSTANDING
BENEFICIAL OWNERS(1)(2)                        
BENEFICIALLY OWNED               SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED(1)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

John Falcone(6)                                     75,000                                   1.3%

David Kaye(7)                                       50,000                                    .8%

George Karfunkel                                   500,000                                   8.5%

All officers and directors
as a group (6 persons)(8)                        2,693,038                                  42.5%

- -----------------
(1)      
Unless otherwise indicated below, the persons in the table above have
         sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as
         beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where
         applicable.
A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities
         that can be acquired by such person within 60 days from the date of
         this Proxy Statement upon the exercise of options.
Each person's
         percentage of ownership is determined by assuming that any options held
         by such person have been exercised.
As of January 1, 2001 there were
         5,380,068 shares of Common Stock outstanding.


(2)      
Unless otherwise indicated below, the address of each person is c/o the
         Company at 6251B Park of Commerce Boulevard Northwest, Boca Raton,
         Florida 33487.


(3)      Includes (i) 100,000 shares of Common Stock underlying immediately
         exercisable options and (ii) 1,690,000 shares owned by Alliant.
Alliant
         is wholly owned by East Ocean Limited Partnership, of which Mr. Cohen
         is the general partner and members of Mr. Cohen's family are limited
         partners.


(4)      Includes 50,000 options immediately exercisable.


(5)      Includes 100,000 options immediately exercisable.


(6)      Includes options to purchase 75,000 shares of Common Stock, exercisable
         at $1.125 per share.
These options vested on August 1, 2000.
Excludes
         75,000 similar options which vest on August 1, 2001.


(7)      Includes 50,000 options immediately exercisable.


(8)      Includes 455,000 options currently exercisable.

                          
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

         Registry is presently authorized to issue 30,000,000 shares of $0.001
par value common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value
of which all 5,000,000 shares are undesignated.
As of the date of this proxy
statement and prospectus there were outstanding 5,880,068 shares of common
stock, warrants and options to purchase up to 926,980 shares of common stock.

         
Following the merger and adoption of the Amended Articles of
Incorporation, Registry will have 500,000 shares designated as Series A
preferred stock which will be outstanding and held by Bristol's Series C
preferred shareholders.


COMMON STOCK

         Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on
all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders.
Except as may be required
by applicable law, holders of common stock will not vote separately as a class,
but will vote together with the holders of other classes of capital stock.
There
is no right to cumulate votes in the election of directors.
A majority of the
issued and outstanding common stock is required to effect certain fundamental
corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or amendment of the Articles of
Incorporation.

         
Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends,
if, as, and when declared by the board of directors out of funds available
therefor, after payment of dividends required to be paid on outstanding shares
of preferred stock.
Upon liquidation, holders of shares of common stock are
entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities,
subject to the liquidation preference rights of any outstanding shares of
preferred stock.
Holders of our common stock have no conversion, redemption or
preemptive rights.
The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to,
and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of preferred stock.

The outstanding shares of common stock are and all shares of common stock issued
in the merger and the exchange will be, fully paid and nonassessable.


PREFERRED STOCK

         The board of directors has the power, and will have the power under the
Amended Articles of Incorporation, without further action by the holders of the
common stock, to designate the relative rights and preferences of our preferred
stock, when and if issued.
Such rights, privileges and preferences could include
preferences as to liquidation, redemption and conversion rights, voting rights,
dividends or other preferences, any of which may be dilutive of the interest of
the holders of the common stock.

         
Additional classes of preferred stock may be designated and issued from
time to time in one or more series with such designations, voting powers or
other preferences and other rights or qualifications as are determined by
resolution of the board of directors of Registry.
The board of directors of
Registry has designated the Series A convertible preferred stock which will be
issued to Bristol preferred shareholders in the merger, once the Amended
Articles of Incorporation are filed and become effective.
The Series A stock
will have substantially similar rights and preferences to the rights and
preferences of Bristol's Series C Preferred Stock.

         
The Registry Series A Preferred Stock will have the following
provisions:

         The Series A preferred stock will be in an amount of 500,000 designated
shares.
The Series A preferred stock will earn cumulative cash dividends at the
rate of $0.24 per share, payable quarterly no later than the last business day
of each March, June, September and December.
The holders of the Series A
preferred stock will have the right, voting separately as a class, to elect one
director to Registry's board of directors at all such meetings of shareholders.

Except as set forth in this section, the holders of the Series A preferred has
no other voting rights.

         
In the event of an event of default under the investment agreement
(executed in connection with Bristol's preferred stock) which remains uncured
for a period of sixty days after notice, the dividend rate on the Series A
preferred stock will be adjusted from the date of such notice until the cure of
all events of default to a rate of $0.36 per annum per share.

         
In no event will any dividend be paid nor will any distribution be made
on Registry's outstanding Series A preferred stock or will any common stock be
purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired unless all dividends on the preferred
stock has been paid, declared or a sufficient amount for the payment of the
dividends have been set aside.

         
In the event of liquidation, distribution or winding up of Registry,
the holders of the Series A preferred stock will be entitled to receive a
liquidation amount equal to $2.00 per share plus all cumulative but unpaid
dividends, before any payment is made or any assets distributed to the holders
of the outstanding preferred stock, common stock or any other class of shares of
Registry ranking junior to the class A preferred stock.

         
Without the affirmative vote of the holders (acting together as a
class) of at least a majority (with respect to the first five items listed
below) or at least 90% (with respect to the last item listed below of Series A
preferred stock at the time outstanding, given in person or by proxy Registry
shall not (a) authorize any additional preferred stock or stock having priority
over the Series A preferred stock, (b) declare or pay any dividend or make any
distribution on any shares of the Registry's capital stock at any time created
and issued ranking junior to the Series A preferred stock, other than dividends
or distributions payable solely in shares of junior stock, or purchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire for any consideration shares of junior stock, or any
warrants, rights or options to purchase shares of junior stock (c) issue any
common stock at a price below fair market value per share; (d) sell, lease,
license or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of Registry's assets or
consolidate with or merge into any other corporation or any entity to
consolidate or merger into it, except any subsidiary of Registry may merge into
another subsidiary and Registry may consolidate or merge with or into another
corporation if the shareholders of Registry immediately prior to the merger own
at least 80% of the equity of the combined entity after the merger or
consolidation or (e) increase the size of its board of directors to a number
greater than seven; (f) alter, or amend the rights or preferences of the Series
A preferred stock.

         
If Registry fails to pay any dividends on Series A preferred stock or
fails to comply with any redemption obligation and the failure remains uncured
for a period of 60 days after notice to Registry, the holders of the Series A
preferred stock, voting jointly and separately as a class will be entitled to
designate and elect three of the members of Registry's board of directors and
the holders of the common stock, voting jointly as a separate class, will be
entitled to designate and elect three directors and the remaining directors will
be designated and approved by a majority of each of its Series A preferred stock
and the common stock each voting separately as a class.

         
Registry will have the right, but not the obligation to purchase or
redeem all or any portion of the then outstanding Series A preferred stock at a
price equal to $2.00 per share, subject to adjustment, plus accrued and unpaid
dividends.
The notice of redemption shall not be more than 90 nor less than 60
days prior to the date fixed for redemption.
The holders of the Series A
preferred stock may elect to convert all or any part of their Series A preferred
stock.
The initial conversion price will be $1.50 per share, but will be subject
to adjustment for stock splits or stock dividends, common stock issuances below
$.92 per share or issuance of any options, warrants or other rights and a
consideration for share less than $.92 per share.
The current conversion price
is $____________ per share.

         
If Registry does not redeem by January 15, 2005 Series A preferred
stock having a liquidation value of at least $500,000, Registry will issue to
each holder of the Series A preferred stock, warrants.
The terms and conditions
of the warrants will be the same as the form of warrant issued pursuant to the
investment agreement between Bristol and Berthel Fisher.


CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION, BYLAWS AND FLORIDA LAW

         Our board of directors will have the authority to issue shares of new
classes of preferred stock and to determine the rights, preferences, privileges,
designations and limitations of any preferred stock it may issue, including the
dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of
redemption and other terms or conditions.
This authority could make it more
difficult for a person to engage in, or discourage a person from engaging in, a
change in control transaction without the cooperation of management of Registry.

         
We have authority under Section 607.0850 of the Florida Business
Corporation Act to indemnify our directors and officers to the extent provided
for in such statute.
Our Articles of Incorporation provide that we shall
indemnify and may insure our officers and directors to the fullest extent
permitted by law.

         
The provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act that authorize
indemnification do not eliminate the duty of care of a director, and in
appropriate circumstances equitable remedies such as injunctive or other forms
of non-monetary relief will remain available under Florida law.
In addition,
each director will continue to be subject to liability for:

         o        violations of criminal laws, unless the director had
                  reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was lawful or
                  had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was
                  unlawful;

         o        deriving an improper personal benefit from a transaction;

         o        voting for or assenting to an unlawful distribution; and

         o        willful misconduct or conscious disregard for our best
                  interests in a proceeding by or in our right to procure a
                  judgment in our favor or in a proceeding by or in the right of
                  a shareholder.

         
The statute does not affect a director's responsibilities under any
other law, such as the Federal securities laws.

         
The effect of the foregoing is to require us to indemnify our officers
and directors for any claim arising against such persons in their official
capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no
reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.

         
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling Registry
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.

         
Registry may be subject to the control-share acquisition provisions of
Section 607.0902 of the Florida Business Corporation Act.

         
The control share acquisition provisions generally provide that control
shares of an issuing public corporation acquired in a control share acquisition
have no voting rights until voting rights are granted by a resolution approved
by a majority of shares entitled to vote excluding control shares.
Control share
acquisition provisions apply to "Issuing Public Corporations" which are defined
to include corporations with: (i) 100 or more shareholders, excluding all
nominees or brokers; (ii) principal offices in Florida; and (iii) more than 10%
of its shares owned by Florida residents.

         
"Control Shares" are defined as shares that, when acquired and added to
other shares owned by a person, enable that person to exercise voting power with
respect to shares of an Issuing Public Corporation within the ranges of
one-fifth to one-third, one-third to one-half, and one-half or more of the
outstanding voting power.
This term does not include all shares owned by the
person but only those shares acquired to put the shareholder "over the top" with
respect to that particular range.
The Florida Act provides that shares acquired
within any 90-day period either before or after purchase are considered to be
one acquisition.
Approval of voting rights requires: (i) approval by each class
entitled to vote separately by majority vote and (ii) approval by each class or
series entitled to vote separately by a majority of all votes entitled to be
cast by that group excluding all Control Shares.

         
If an acquiring person proposes to make or has made a control share
acquisition, he or she may deliver to the Issuing Public Corporation an
acquiring person's statement ("APS").
The acquiring person may then request that
the Issuing Public Corporation call a special meeting of the shareholders at the
acquiring person's expense to consider granting rights to the Control Shares.
If
no APS has been filed, any Control Shares acquired in a Control Share
acquisition by such person may, after 60 days has passed since the last
acquisition of Control Shares, be redeemed at their fair market value.
If an APS
is filed, the shares are not subject to redemption unless the shares are not
accorded full voting rights by shareholders.
The effect and intent of the
control share acquisition provision is to deter corporate takeovers.
Therefore,
it is more likely than not that control of Registry will remain in the hands of
the existing principal shareholders.


TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

         American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 40 Wall Street, New York, New
York 10005, serves as the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock.

                               
BUSINESS OF BRISTOL

GENERAL

         Bristol Retail Solutions, Inc. is a dealer of retail point-of-sale
("POS") systems in the United States with sales, service and support offices in
eleven cities located in five states.
Bristol sells, installs and supports POS
systems, which retail establishments use to collect and process data at the
"point-of-sale" during sales transactions with customers.
Bristol has installed
systems in more than 16,000 retail locations, primarily in two major markets:
grocery stores and table-service and fast-food restaurants.
Bristol installs POS
systems manufactured by NCR Corporation ("NCR"), Matsushita Electronic
Corporations of America ("Panasonic"), ICL Retail Systems ("ICL-Fujitsu"),
Micros Systems, Incorporated ("Micros"), and several other software and hardware
manufacturers.

         
The POS computer systems installed by Bristol serve a range of
mission-critical functions required by retailers to be competitive today.
These
systems may integrate several hardware devices such as a cash register, display
terminals, scanners, debit and credit card verification devices and may include
software from more than one manufacturer.
A POS computer system is designed to
assist a retailer with speedier customer checkout service, tracking customer
purchases and preferences, monitoring inventory on a real-time basis,
promotional and electronic funds transfer ("EFT") systems and security
monitoring.
Retailers who outgrow the limitations of electronic cash registers
(ECRs) represent a major source of new revenue for Bristol.
Bristol also expects
additional demand for its products to come from retailers seeking to upgrade
existing, under-performing POS systems as well as from new retailers.

         
Bristol was founded to become a national distribution organization for
POS systems through selective acquisitions of independent dealers and systems
integrators that sell, install, and support POS systems for use in retail
establishments.
Bristol has acquired seven dealers since its establishment in
April 1996.
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
Bristol's acquisitions to date.
Currently, Bristol is operating as a dealer in
the states listed hereafter.
Bristol suspended its acquisition strategy and
there are no current plans to reinstate this strategy.

         
ACQUISITIONS                               DATE                   BUSINESS               LOCATIONS
         ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Cash Registers, Incorporated ("CRI")       June 1996              POS Dealer             Kentucky/Ohio

         Automated Retail Systems, Inc. ("ARS")     December 1996          POS Dealer             Washington

         MicroData, Inc. ("MICRODATA")              April 1997             POS Dealer             Illinois

         Smyth Systems, Inc. ("SMYTH")              
May 1997               POS Dealer             Ohio/California

         Electronic Business Machines ("EBM")       June 1997              POS Dealer             Indiana

         Pacific Cash Registers and
           Computer, Inc. ("PCR")                   August 1997            POS Dealer             California

         Quality Business Machines ("QBM")          
May 1998               POS Dealer             California

         On November 19, 1999, Bristol sold a Division of Smyth Systems, Inc.
that was a value-added reseller ("VAR") to the golf course and resort industry.

The purchase price was $2.8 million and the net gain on the sale was $1.2
million.


INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

         The driving forces in retailing in the United States are the need to
attract and retain new customers with a variety of goods and services that meet
the ever-changing tastes of consumers, to increase the average sale per visit,
and to maximize internal productivity and efficiency in order to generate higher
operating profits.
Retailers need the ability to quickly identify the buying
history and preferences of the consumer.
Access to such information allows
retailers to match or to adjust their current products and services to the
ever-changing demands of consumers.
These trends have accelerated the
requirement for enterprise-wide access to information and have heightened the
demand for automated information systems.
Bristol believes this is due, in part,
to the shift in consumer preferences toward variety, value and convenience.

Furthermore, consumers are demanding speedier checkout times, the ability to
accept credit and debit cards at the point-of-sale, and the convenience of
performing a POS transaction without human intervention.

         
Retailers have long sought new uses of technology to help them improve
efficiency.
The first specialized apparatus was the cash register.
Electronic
cash registers ("ECR") used by many retailers are incapable of handling the
increasing need to capture and process detailed information or the demand to
process a sale expediently for faster, customer service.
For many types of
retailers, automation did not make economic or business sense until the price of
computing power and the cost of implementation declined.
Computing power has
become increasingly flexible and easy to use.
Today, the computer has made the
modern POS system practical, providing the means to capture and process enormous
amounts of information while at the same time performing the basic cash control
duties of a cash register.
The initial investment in a POS system is offset by
reduced labor and transportation costs.

         
Retail automation has become an important tool for creating strategic
advantage.
There is a growing trend among retailers to implement local area
networks ("LANs") and wide area networks ("WANs") in retail establishments.
The
LANs serve a range of valuable functions, including speeding customer checkout
service, tracking customer purchases and preferences, monitoring inventory on a
real-time basis, integrating scanning, promotional and electronic funds transfer
systems, monitoring security and in-store accounting.
WANs integrate several
LANs into a corporate headquarters' information system to create the ability for
management to remotely monitor individual store operations by analyzing the data
that a sophisticated POS system produces.

         
The channels of distribution for retail automation systems in the
United States are fragmented and overlapping.
The two principal distribution
channels for POS systems and ECR products to reach the end user currently are:
(i) the "Direct" channel and (ii) the "Indirect" channel.
The Direct channel
consists of manufacturers that sell directly to large, national "major retail"
chains.
Bristol estimates that the Direct channel represents less than half of
all units sold.
The Indirect channel consists of a variety of independent
businesses which sell to all types of retail-end users.
The two principle
components of the Indirect channel are dealers and Value Added Resellers (VARs).

Dealers in the Indirect channel generally take title to equipment that they
resell and do not, as a rule, engage in software development.
In contrast, VARs
are typically compensated with a commission from the manufacturer and need not

take title to equipment or provide hardware service.
VARs sometimes act as
software developers.
All manufacturers use dealers or VARs to distribute at
least a portion of their products to the retail market, and some manufacturers
use dealers or VARs as their exclusive means of distributing their products.

Bristol believes that there is movement by original equipment manufacturers to
increasingly rely on the Indirect channel for distribution since dealers and
VARs can operate at a lower cost than the major manufacturers.

         
The typical POS or ECR dealer is privately held, is licensed to
represent and to resell only one or two manufacturers for its key products and
sells, and services those products on a restricted, regional basis.
Typical
dealership functions are sales, in-house and on-site service, and
administration.
Based on Bristol's experience in evaluating dealers as
acquisition candidates, Bristol believes that the typical dealer derives its
revenue from the sale of hardware, software and service.
Bristol believes there
are more than 3,000 independent POS and ECR dealers in the United States that
sell to customers in one or several segments of the retail industry.
Because
restaurants and supermarkets, the primary markets that Bristol serves, have been
among the first markets in the retail industry to adopt retail automation tools,
the majority of POS and ECR dealers have some sales to one or both of these
markets.

         
Systems integrators, who integrate different manufacturers' hardware
and software products into one system, also play a role in distributing POS
systems.
Systems integrators generally market turnkey solutions directly to
retailers, primarily through their own sales force with in-depth knowledge of
their targeted markets.
They seek to deliver solutions for many of the demanding
operating challenges facing retailers in today's competitive environment.

However, Bristol believes there is an increasing trend for dealers to offer more
than one manufacturer's product or services.
Coupled with the increasing demand
for LANs and WANs, a dealer is becoming a solutions-provider integrating a
variety of third-party hardware and software products.

         
Bristol believes that there is a direct relationship between the size
of the retailer and the strategy it employs in purchasing a POS system.
Large
chains tend to purchase system components directly from manufacturers and
utilize an in-house staff to perform system integration.
Smaller retailers tend
to buy integrated systems from a single source.
Bristol expects manufacturers to
increasingly concentrate their direct sales efforts on the largest retail chains
and to rely increasingly on the Indirect channel to reach the balance of the
retail marketplace.
Bristol also expects a fundamental shift in marketing
strategies to develop as retail automation systems become more complex as
software, installation, maintenance support and systems integration as opposed
to hardware become a larger share of the total cost of purchase.

         
Bristol believes the average life span of a POS system is five to seven
years.
Technology enhancements to POS systems are more software related than
hardware and are more related to enhancing a current system.
For example, though
display terminals are commonplace, retailers are utilizing these devices to
display grocery products scanned with a running total of products purchased or
displaying menu items ordered when you purchase through a drive-through.
In
addition, for the future, certain manufacturers are implementing products that
will permit self-checkout at a grocery store.
Other manufacturers are testing
products that utilize radio-frequency for shelf labeling.
Because many of these
products and services are enhancements to current systems, Bristol believes that
dealers with systems integration expertise will be able to improve their revenue
without waiting for a retailer to replace existing systems.

         
Bristol's primary markets are the grocery stores and the hospitality
market defined as fast-food and table-service restaurants.
These markets were

selected because Bristol believes they represent large vertical business
segments that offer the best opportunity for future sales growth and improved
margins.

         
In the grocery store or supermarket market, Bristol believes that
consolidation is taking place as evidenced by the combinations of national and
regional chains such as Safeway Stores/Vons Cos., Smith's Food & Drug/Smitty's
Food Stores, and Albertson/Lucky Stores, among others.
However, Bristol believes
that supermarkets and grocery stores are moving towards becoming specialized in
either ethnic or gourmet or health food groceries.
Some of Bristol's customers
have integrated a grocery store with a restaurant.
It is these retailers that
Bristol is targeting.

         
In the hospitality market, Bristol targets the franchisee who may have
one or multiple stores and table-service restaurants.
Bristol believes that this
market will grow as the trend is to dine out more often.


COMPANY STRATEGY

         Offering Additional Product Lines and Services.
The essential
ingredient to increase revenue in the territories that we operate is to offer
competitive products and services.
Bristol installs systems from leading POS
manufacturers such as NCR, Panasonic, ICL-Fujitsu and Micros, though not
necessarily in all regions listed.
When permitted by manufacturer agreements,
Bristol plans to offer throughout its existing dealerships, product lines that
previously have been offered only at certain of its locations.
In addition,
where required, Bristol will negotiate with other manufacturers to represent
their products in a region where there is no other solution.
Bristol's current
objective is to represent products to sell in the grocery and hospitality
markets.
Bristol's long-term intention is to create a uniform group of products
and support services that can be provided from each of its locations.

         
Increasingly, manufacturers are easing the territorial restrictions and
permitting some products to be sold in open territories.
Bristol believes that
it is well-positioned to take advantage of this latest trend.
Bristol believes
that in time, manufacturers will reduce its direct sales force and will depend
on the Indirect channel for their revenue.
If these trends continue, Bristol
will need only to open a sales or service office to penetrate a region.
These
trends further substantiate Bristol's ability to grow organically.

         
In addition to offering state-of-the-art POS systems to its customers,
Bristol plans to implement other services.
Bristol has an agreement with a
leasing company to implement a customized lease program for Bristol's customers.

Bristol continues to pursue long-term service arrangements with its customers.

Finally, Bristol is executing a strategy to sell POS supplies to the grocery and
hospitality industries.


OPERATING STRATEGIES

         Achieving Operating Efficiencies and Synergies.
Bristol plans to
increase the operating efficiencies of its dealerships to enhance internal
growth and profitability.
Bristol has consolidated payroll, insurance services,
employee benefits and finances.
In 1999, Bristol implemented a wide-area network
and has been converting all operations to uniform accounting and operations
software.
The system conversion was completed in March 2000.
Bristol has been
evaluating which administrative service functions should be centralized.

Centralization of functions should serve to reduce duplicative expenses and
permit the dealerships to benefit from a level of scale and expertise that would

otherwise be unavailable to them individually.
For example, Bristol has received
from a major manufacturer volume discounts that apply to all Bristol's
dealerships that represent their products.
Bristol has centralized payment for
essential suppliers to ensure a steady flow of product.
However, there can be no
assurances that other benefits can be realized from this strategy.

         
Utilizing Technology Throughout Operations.
Bristol believes that the
internet can be utilized to assist operations with closing sales or offering
other services utilizing the internet.
For example, Bristol's leasing program
with a third party vendor utilizes the internet for speedier credit approval.

Secondly, Bristol offers a variety of professional services including
customization and programming.

         
Emphasizing Customer Satisfaction and Loyalty.
Bristol seeks to achieve
a high level of customer satisfaction and to enhance long-term loyalty of its
customers by offering the systems that best serve their needs while supporting
each sale with the highest quality of service and training.
Bristol maintains
ongoing training programs for its service and support personnel to enable this
staff the ability to effectively assess solutions to provide the customer an
integrated POS system that meets their requirements.


PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

         Systems.
A POS system is used at the "point-of-sale" in a retail
establishment to collect and to process data with communications capability.
A
POS system leads or prompts the retail clerk through a sales transaction with a
customer and collects detailed information, including credit verification,
consumer preferences and quantities of inventory sold.
Standard components of a
POS system include a display terminal to view the transaction, a keyboard for
data processing, a scanner (supermarket applications), a credit or debit
verification reader and coordinating communications, a server, and software to
guide the clerk through the entire transaction.
In a typical hospitality or
grocery store, there is usually more than one system that requires integration.

For example, in a grocery store there may be multiple checkout lanes each lane
housing a POS system.
These systems must be linked via a LAN to permit a retail
store the capability of multiple departments or locations to process
transactions simultaneously.
Bristol believes these are mission-critical systems
and any disruption with these systems may cause the retailer to lose sales.


SERVICES AND SUPPLIES

         Bristol offers its customers a variety of value-added services, such as
consulting, training, integration, and support services.
Consulting and
integration services include system design, performance and security analysis,
migration planning, data compilation and management reporting, inventory
procurement, configuration testing, and systems installation and implementation.

         
Bristol also offers its customers continued support, customer service,
and supplies from installation through the life span of the products it sells.

Support services include network management, seven days and twenty-four hour
("24 X 7") "help-desk" support and enhancement, and maintenance and repair of
POS systems.
Bristol maintains backup inventory to swap components that require
repair to reduce system downtime.
Bristol also may have "depot" parts inventory
for its major customers for faster service especially for stores in remote
locations.


SALES, MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION

         Bristol identifies its customers in a number of ways, including
referrals from existing customers, advertising in local Yellow Pages and
industry publications, through Bristol's direct sales personnel, by means of
customer upgrades and replacements, and referrals from suppliers.
Bristol also,
in conjunction with Bristol's suppliers, periodically makes marketing
presentations at industry-related trade shows.
Once Bristol identifies a
potential customer, the lead is assigned to a Company sales representative who
will contact the customer, inquire about the customer requirements, offer a POS
solution and attempt to complete the sale.
The typical sales cycle, from
introduction to installation to collection of a receivable, will range from
three to nine months for POS sales depending on the complexity of the solution
provided.

         
Bristol also pursues add-on products such as additional display
terminals or security systems when providing service and support.
Bristol sells
POS supplies such as cash register tape, printer ribbons, etc. either through a
small telemarketing sales staff or through the various sales or service offices
that Bristol operates.
Bristol also pursues and sells long-term maintenance
contracts utilizing Bristol's sales and service personnel.
Bristol intends to
explore other avenues to sell and market its products.


CUSTOMERS

         Bristol concentrates its sales efforts on two principle markets of the
retail industry which are supermarkets or grocery stores and fast food and table
service restaurants.
Bristol does sell to customers who are in related markets
such as convenience stores or drug stores where Bristol's products meet the
requirements of the customer.
Typically, Bristol's customers tend to be a
regional franchisee or a group of several stores with the same owner.
Generally,
when Bristol receives an order for POS systems, it will be for a group of stores
to be installed over a relatively short period of time known as a "roll-out.
"
After completion of the installation of these stores, future revenues from the
customer will be for maintenance service contracts or time and materials
service, add-on products or enhancements, or supplies.

         
The majority of Bristol's customers in the supermarket or grocery store
market are regional chains or ethnic supermarkets, generally, referred to
Bristol from Bristol's relationship with wholesalers.
A typical system for a
supermarket is three to eight or more lanes, with each lane typically consisting
of a cash register or drawer, display screen, scanner, printer and electronic
funds transfer terminal.
Other possible devices to be installed could include
coin dispensers, hand held scanners, and pole displays.
All of these devices are
connected to a LAN and supported by POS software, which captures the data,
computes totals, prints out the transaction receipt for the customer, approves a
customer's credit or debit card if requested, and interfaces with the retailer's
financial and management information systems.

         
Bristol also sells, installs and supports POS systems for both table
service and fast food restaurants.
Typical among Bristol's customers are
franchisee restaurants for many major, fast food chains.
The typical system for
these restaurants consists of the countertop POS cash register(s) with drawers,
kitchen printers or display terminals, drive through systems including speaker
box or touch-screen display terminal, and local management servers.
In addition,
Bristol also installs the operating software for these POS systems.
These
systems may require some customization whereby the cash registers are programmed
based on the customer's requirements.

         
The typical system for a table service restaurant where a customer
orders his or her meal from a waiter or waitress as opposed to a counter from a
clerk, consists of touch screen terminals at one or more floor stations and

generally, one or two at the bar area if it exists.
In addition, there will be a
printer or display terminal installed in the kitchen and a local management
server.

         
No customer accounted for more than 10% of Bristol's total revenue for
the year ended December 31, 1999 and 1998.


COMPETITION

         The POS industry is highly fragmented and competitive.
Competitive
factors within the industry include product offerings and prices, quality of
products, customer service levels, reputation, and geographic location of
dealers.
Bristol primarily competes with independent POS dealers, many which may
have greater financial resources available to them than does Bristol.
In
addition, some manufacturers of POS equipment and software compete in certain
product areas by distributing their products directly to the end-users that
Bristol serves.
If the manufacturers continue the trend of opening territorial
restriction, Bristol will face stiffer competition from those dealers or VARs
with greater financial resources.

         
Bristol believes that other independent POS dealers may seek growth
through consolidation with entities other than Bristol during the next few
years.
In addition, no assurance can be given that the major manufacturers will
not choose to effect or expand the distribution of their products through their
own wholesale organizations or to increase distribution directly to many of the
retail accounts of Bristol in the markets served by Bristol.


SUPPLIERS

         A substantial portion of Bristol's total consolidated net revenue is
and will be derived from the sale of POS systems, ECRs, and related equipment,
none of which are manufactured by Bristol.
Bristol's business is dependent upon
close relationships with manufacturers of POS equipment and Bristol's ability to
purchase equipment in sufficient quantities necessary and upon competitive terms
in order to enable Bristol to meet the needs of its end-user customers.
During
the year ended December 31, 1999 and its 2000 fiscal year, Bristol purchased a
significant portion of the hardware products that it resold from Panasonic, ERC
Parts, Inc. ("ERC"), a distributor of Panasonic products, and NCR.
Sales of
products purchased from Panasonic and its distributor, ERC and NCR accounted for
approximately 33% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 1999 with
sales of Panasonic and NCR products accounting for 9% and 24% of Bristol's total
consolidated net revenue in that year, respectively.

         
Bristol has supply agreements with these and other manufacturers and
suppliers such as ICL-Fujitsu and Micros.
The agreements are non-exclusive, may
have geographical limitations and may have renewable one-year terms, depending
if Bristol and its related subsidiaries achieve a
previously-agreed-to-procurement quota.
Geographical limitations are the
assignment of sales territories that define the municipalities and states where
Bristol and its related subsidiaries can sell a manufacturer's hardware and/or
software.
The actual sales territories for each manufacturer is subsidiary
specific and some subsidiaries may not have permission to sell hardware or
software of certain manufacturers in certain regions or territories of the
country.

         
Bristol's strategy is to develop long-term relationships with quality
and brand-recognizable manufacturers such as NCR and Panasonic with the goal of
establishing standard product offerings for our customers.
There can be no

assurance that the relationships with these and other manufacturers and
suppliers will continue or that Bristol's supply requirements can be met in the
future.
Bristol believes that its relationship with its suppliers is good.
At
the present time, Bristol has experienced some delays in obtaining equipment
because of cash flows.
If Bristol should, in the future, have the inability to
obtain equipment, software, parts or supplies on competitive terms from its
current or other major manufacturers, this could have a material adverse effect
on Bristol's business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash
flows.

SEASONALITY

         Bristol's business can be subject to seasonal influences.
The POS
dealers which Bristol acquired typically have had lower revenue in the quarters
ending March 31 and December 31 primarily due to the lower level of new store
openings or remodeling of existing stores.
A secondary factor to lower revenues
in these quarters is related to replacement of existing POS systems by customers
who will tend to delay a purchase of a POS system until the third quarter in
preparation for the holiday shopping season.
Bristol believes that this pattern
of seasonality will continue in the foreseeable future.


RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

         In the past, research and development related to software development
for a division that sold POS systems to golf courses and resorts.
This division
was sold on November 19, 1999.


EMPLOYEES

         As of December 31, 2000, Bristol had 182 full-time and 3 part-time
employees, 122 of whom were employed in customer service, 27 in finance and
administrative services, and 36 in sales and marketing.
Of the total full-time
employees, 11 were employed at Bristol's corporate office, 50 were employed at
CRI (including MicroData and EBM), 36 were employed at ARS, 33 were employed at
QBM, 28 were employed at Smyth and 27 were employed at PCR.
No employee of
Bristol is covered by a collective bargaining agreement or is represented by a
labor union.
However, though Bristol considers its employee relations to be
good, Bristol has discovered that it is increasingly difficult to retain service
and support staff who are technically competent with Windows based applications.

If Bristol is unable to retain a core group of service and support staff, it
will incur additional costs to hire, train, and pay these new employees.
These
additional costs may have a material adverse effect on Bristol's business,
results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.


PROPERTIES

         Bristol's general policy is to lease, rather than own, its business
locations.
Bristol leases numerous properties for administration, sales and
service, and distribution functions.
The terms vary under the respective leases,
although, in general, Bristol's lease agreements require it to pay its
proportionate share of taxes, common area expenses, insurance, and related costs
of such rental properties.

         
Bristol leases its 3,001 square foot headquarters facility in Long
Beach, California.
Bristol also leases approximately 19,200 square feet of
office and warehouse facilities in Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio for its CRI

operations (including facilities utilized by MicroData and EBM).
Bristol's ARS
operations utilize approximately 11,800 square feet of leased property, which
includes an approximately 11,200 square foot office facility in Seattle,
Washington which is leased from certain officers of ARS.
The lease expires in
December 2003.
In addition, its QBM operation utilizes approximately 9,000
square feet of office and warehouse facilities in Sacramento, California and is
leased from the former owner and current officer of QBM.
The lease expires in
May 2001.
Bristol's Smyth subsidiary leases approximately 13,000 square feet of
office and warehouse facilities in Irvine, California.
Bristol's PCR subsidiary
in Concord, California leases approximately a 7,100 square foot office and
warehouse facility and in San Francisco, California a sales office is leased
with approximately 1,350 square feet.

         
Bristol believes that its leased facilities are adequate for its
present needs and that suitable additional or replacement space will be
available on commercially reasonable terms, as required.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         Bristol's subsidiaries have been from time to time a party to various
lawsuits and other matters involving ordinary and routine claims arising in the
normal course of business.
In the opinion of management of Bristol and its
counsel, although the outcomes of these claims and suits are not presently
determinable, in the aggregate they should not have a material adverse affect on
Bristol's business, financial position or results of operations.

         
On or about August 7, 1997, a class action complaint was filed against
Bristol and certain of Bristol's officers and directors in the United States
District Court of the Southern District of New York.
The plaintiffs' complaint
alleged claims under the federal securities laws for alleged misrepresentations
and omissions in connection with sales of Bristol's securities.
On December 23,
1997, Bristol filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, and on May 14, 1998, the
court denied Bristol's request.
On May 3, 1999, Bristol and the plaintiffs
agreed to settle the class action complaint against Bristol and a stipulation
was filed with the United States District Court, Southern District of New York .

Bristol has insurance that will cover the claim except for a deductible of
$250,000 less attorney fees.
To date, Bristol has spent approximately $150,000
on legal fees and made a provision of $100,000 in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Currently, the
settlement money from the insurance company is in a trust fund.
Final
disposition of funds to the plaintiffs will occur when Bristol pays the money
owed as agreed to per the settlement.
Bristol is required to pay an additional
$20,000 to complete its obligation.

           
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                       AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - BRISTOL

         
The following discussion of the financial condition and results of
operations of Bristol should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this joint
proxy/prospectus.

         
Bristol's financial condition and results of operations have changed
considerably since Bristol's inception in April 1996, as a result of Bristol's
acquisition strategy.
Bristol has completed seven acquisitions since its
inception through the end of December 31, 1998, all of which were accounted for
under the purchase method of accounting.
Bristol completed no acquisitions
during the year ended December 31, 1999 and for the nine months ended September
30, 2000.


NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1999 COMPARED TO NINE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2000

REVENUE

         Bristol's consolidated total revenue is comprised of two components:
(i) revenue derived from the sale and installation of hardware and software
(Systems Revenue) and (ii) revenue derived from the sale of services and
supplies (Service Revenue).

         
Total revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2000 was $5,167,000
and represents a decrease of 47% from Bristol's total revenue of $9,754,000 for
the quarter ended September 30, 1999.
The decrease in revenue from the quarter
ended September 30, 1999 to the quarter ended September 30, 2000 was
attributable to the previously announced sale of the Smyth Imager division
(November 1999, $832,000 of the decrease).
The remaining decrease in revenue is
attributable to a slowdown in franchise hospitality revenue when compared to the
prior year quarter ended September 30, 1999.
Bristol expects this to continue
for the foreseeable future.

         
Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 was
$17,628,000; a 36% decrease over the comparable nine months ended September 30,
1999.
The decrease in revenue was attributable to the previously announced sale
of the Smyth Imager division, accounting for $3,908,000 of the decrease.
The
remaining difference in revenue is attributable to a slowdown in systems revenue
in the grocery and franchise hospitality markets.
Bristol has experienced a
reduction this year in the number of sales when compared to 1999, now that the
urgency for buying new systems generated by Y2K has passed.

         
Total revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2000 was comprised of
62% Systems Revenue and 38% Service Revenue, as compared to a revenue
composition of 72% Systems Revenue and 28% Service Revenue for the quarter ended
September 30, 1999.
Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2000
was comprised of 65% Systems Revenue and 35% Service Revenue, as compared to a
revenue composition of 71% Systems Revenue and 29% Service Revenue for the nine
months ended September 30, 1999.
The mix of revenue change from 1999 to 2000 for
both the three- and nine-month periods was primarily due to product mix due to
the sale of the Smyth Imager division.

         
No customer accounted for more than 10% of total revenue for the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2000 and 1999.
Aggregate sales of
products from Bristol's three principal hardware vendors, Panasonic, ERC Parts,
Inc. (ERC), a distributor of Panasonic products, and NCR Corporation (NCR),

accounted for approximately 28% and 32% of total revenue for the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2000, and approximately 31% of total
revenue for both the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 1999.

Bristol's supply agreements with these manufacturers are non-exclusive, have
geographic limitations and may have renewable one-year terms depending upon
Bristol's achievement of a previously-agreed-to procurement quota.
Geographical
limitations exist as a result of the assignment of sales territories that define
the municipalities and states where Bristol's subsidiaries can sell a
manufacture's hardware or software.
The actual sales territories for each
manufacturer are subsidiary-specific and some subsidiaries may not have
permission to sell hardware or software of certain manufactures in certain
regions or territories of the country.
NCR, however, has informed Bristol that
effective January 1, 2001; it will eliminate Bristol's geographical limitations,
thereby allowing Bristol to sell NCR products throughout the country.
A change
in Bristol's or its subsidiaries' relationship with its principal vendors could
have a material adverse effect on Bristol's business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.