URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/889900/000095013401001956/0000950134-01-001956.txt

THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     On January 19, 2001, Mr. Siegel called Mr. Talbott to inquire as to Mr.
Talbott's availability during the week of January 29 to discuss a possible
combination of Patterson and UTI.
Mr. Talbott indicated that he would be
available that week.

     
On January 26, 2001, the UTI board of directors held a telephonic meeting
at which Mr. Siegel advised the board that he had called Mr. Talbott to set up a
meeting.
The UTI board discussed the desirability of a combination with
Patterson and unanimously endorsed Mr. Siegel's meeting with Mr. Talbott.

     
On January 29, 2001, Mr. Siegel called Mr. Talbott and recommended that
they meet beginning on Thursday, February 1, 2001, and work continuously to see
if a combination between the two companies were possible.
Mr. Talbott agreed to
meet on Thursday morning, February 1, 2001.

     
On January 29, 2001, Mr. Talbott called a Patterson telephonic board
meeting to report that Mr. Siegel had contacted him and suggested that
negotiations begin regarding a possible merger of Patterson and UTI.
The board
authorized Mr. Talbott to begin negotiations with Mr. Siegel and report back to
the board with results of the negotiations.

     
On January 30 and 31, 2001, Messrs. Siegel and Talbott discussed certain
procedural matters by telephone.

     
On February 1, 2001, Messrs. Siegel, Berns and Talbott met in the early
morning at a hotel in Dallas, Texas to discuss a possible merger of equals.

Messrs. Talbott, Siegel and Berns met continuously on February 1 and 2.
After
extensive discussion, they agreed that a combination would be beneficial to each
of the companies and their stockholders and decided to apprise their respective
boards of the substance of their negotiations and their recommendation to move
forward toward negotiating a definitive merger agreement.

     
On February 2, 2001, Mr. Talbott called a telephonic board meeting at 10:00
a.m. to update the Patterson board on the status of negotiations and seek
guidance from the board on whether he should continue negotiating a possible
combination of the two companies.
He informed the board that he and Mr. Siegel
believed that a combination of the two companies would be beneficial to both
companies and their stockholders.
Following Mr. Talbott's report, management of
Patterson presented to its board a financial analysis of a combined
Patterson-UTI.
The Patterson board discussed various issues relating to the
merger including the strategic value of the merger to Patterson and its
stockholders, management of the combined company, the exchange ratio and the
composition of the board of the combined company.

     
After extensive discussion, the board instructed Mr. Talbott to continue
negotiations with Mr. Siegel on the basis of a merger of Patterson and UTI with
the following terms:

     - Patterson's stockholders would own greater than 50% of the combined
       companies after the merger.

     - Patterson's board would hold a one seat majority of the board after the
       merger, and

     - Mr. Talbott would continue to be chief executive officer of Patterson
       after the merger.

     
At a telephonic board meeting commencing at 1:30 p.m., on February 2, 2001,
Messrs. Siegel and Berns provided the UTI board of directors with an update on
the status of the negotiations of a possible business combination with
Patterson.
The UTI board of directors indicated its support for a merger and its
belief that the exchange ratio should be close to one to one.
The UTI board
directed Messrs. Siegel and Berns to continue negotiations with Patterson.

     
After both board meetings, Messrs. Talbott, Siegel and Berns continued
negotiations, and management of both companies began negotiating and drafting a
merger agreement for approval by their respective boards.

     
Following negotiations on February 3 and 4, 2001, Messrs. Talbott, Siegel
and Berns, management of the respective companies and their counsel negotiated
the following terms of a merger:

     - UTI would merge into Patterson and Patterson would change its name to
       Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc.;

     - each UTI stockholder would receive one share of Patterson stock for each
       of its outstanding shares, which would result in Patterson stockholders
       owning approximately 50.5% and UTI stockholders owning approximately
       49.5% of the combined Patterson-UTI immediately after the merger,

     - Patterson's board would choose six members and UTI's board would choose
       the remaining five members of the combined Patterson-UTI board.

     
It was further understood that after consummation of the merger, Mr. Siegel
would serve as Chairman while Mr. Talbott would serve as Chief Executive Officer
of a combined Patterson-UTI.

     
At a telephonic board meeting commencing at 5:30 p.m. on February 4, 2001,
Mr. Siegel advised the UTI board of directors that management of UTI had
negotiated the terms of a definitive merger agreement with representatives of
Patterson, subject to the approval of the UTI board of directors.
UTI's legal
counsel reviewed the material terms of the merger agreement with the UTI board
of directors.
Also, at the board meeting Lehman Brothers made a presentation to
the UTI board of directors with regard to the reasons supporting the merger and
the financial impact to UTI and its stockholders.
At the conclusion of the
presentation, Lehman Brothers advised the UTI board of directors that it would
issue its fairness opinion as of the date of the meeting, subject to the UTI
board of directors' approval of the merger.
After discussion, the UTI board of
directors unanimously approved the merger agreement.

     
On the evening of February 4, 2001, Patterson's board of directors convened
via telephone to review the progress of the proposed merger transaction with
UTI.
Mr. Talbott and other members of Patterson's management team and
Patterson's legal counsel briefed the board on the results of the negotiations.

In addition, Patterson's senior management briefed the board as to the strategic
rationales for the transaction and Patterson's counsel reviewed the proposed
terms of the transaction and the merger agreement.

     
Following the presentation of the terms of the merger, Merrill Lynch,
financial advisor to the Patterson board on this transaction, delivered its
fairness opinion presentation to the Patterson board, in which it gave its
opinion that, as of that date and based on and subject to the matters described
in its opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to
Patterson and its stockholders.

     
At the conclusion of the meeting, Patterson's board, with one member
abstaining, determined that the merger agreement and merger transactions were
fair to, and in the best interests of, Patterson and its stockholders, and
resolved to recommend that Patterson's stockholders adopt the merger agreement
and approve the merger and an amendment to Patterson's restated certificate of
incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock from
50,000,000 to 200,000,000 and change the name of Patterson to Patterson-UTI
Energy, Inc.

     Following execution of the definitive merger agreement, a joint press
release announcing the merger transaction was issued on February 5, 2001.


UTI'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     UTI's board of directors believes that the terms of the merger are in the
best interests of UTI and its stockholders, has unanimously approved the merger
and the merger agreement and recommends that the UTI stockholders approve and
adopt the merger and merger agreement.

     
UTI's board of directors considers the merger to be a means of achieving
the long term strategic and financial goals of UTI while at the same time
offering the UTI stockholders the ability to participate in a

larger, more diversified land drilling company.
In reaching its conclusion to
approve the merger, the UTI board of directors also considered the factors
listed below:

     - information concerning the historical financial performance and
       condition, business operations and prospects of each of UTI and
       Patterson, and UTI's projected future performance and prospects as a
       separate entity and on a combined basis with Patterson;

     - current industry, economic and market conditions;

     - the fact that the combination of the two companies would create the
       second largest drilling company in the United States and that the
       geographic locations, strengths and drilling rig fleets of UTI and
       Patterson complement one another;

     - the fact that the size and importance in the industry of the combined
       companies likely would provide greater visibility and a stronger
       following by research analysts and greater stock market liquidity than
       UTI would have on its own;

     - recent and historical market prices of UTI's common stock and Patterson's
       common stock;

     - the structure of the transaction and terms of the merger agreement and
       the one to one exchange ratio, which were the result of arm's-length
       negotiations between UTI and Patterson;

     - the financial analysis and opinion of Lehman Brothers;

     - the fact that the merger would provide holders of UTI common stock with
       the opportunity to receive a premium over recent market prices for UTI
       common stock;

     - the terms of the merger agreement that permit the UTI board of directors,
       in the exercise of its fiduciary duties and subject to certain
       conditions, to terminate the merger agreement if UTI receives a takeover
       proposal that the UTI board of directors deems to be a "superior
       proposal" (as defined in the merger agreement); in this regard, the UTI
       board of directors noted that if it were to terminate the merger
       agreement under those circumstances, UTI must pay to Patterson a $32.5
       million fee plus reimbursement of expenses up to $2.5 million, and if the
       UTI stockholders did not approve the merger and UTI had not received a
       superior takeover proposal, UTI must pay to Patterson a $2.5 million fee
       plus reimbursement of expenses up to $2.5 million; the UTI board of
       directors did not view the termination fee provision of the merger
       agreement as unreasonably deterring any seriously interested third party
       from making a superior proposal;

     - the expectation that the merger would result in the holders of UTI common
       stock receiving the opportunity to receive shares of Patterson common
       stock in a transaction that is not expected to have any immediate United
       States federal income tax impact;

     - the expectation that the merger of UTI and Patterson will be treated for
       accounting purposes as a pooling-of-interests;

     - the historical performance and reputation of Patterson; and

     - the likelihood that the merger would be consummated.

     
In determining that the merger was in the best interests of UTI's
stockholders, the UTI board of directors considered the factors discussed above
as a whole and did not assign specific or relative weights to those factors.
The
UTI board of directors believes that the merger is an opportunity for UTI's
stockholders to participate in a combined enterprise that has significantly
greater business and financial resources than UTI would have without the merger
and to receive, on a tax deferred basis, a premium for their shares of UTI
common stock, based on recent market prices.


RECOMMENDATION OF THE UTI BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     For the reasons set forth under "The Merger -- Background of the Merger"
and "The Merger -- UTI's Reasons for the Merger," the UTI board of directors
believes that the merger is in the best interests

of UTI and the holders of UTI common stock.
THE UTI BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY ADOPTED THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RECOMMENDS THAT THE
HOLDERS OF UTI COMMON STOCK VOTE "FOR" ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AND THE MERGER
AGREEMENT.


OPINION OF UTI'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Lehman Brothers acted as UTI's financial advisor in connection with the
merger.
UTI instructed Lehman Brothers, in its role as financial advisor, to
evaluate the fairness, from a financial perspective, of the exchange ratio
offered to UTI stockholders in the merger.
On February 4, 2001, Lehman Brothers
delivered its oral and written opinion to the UTI board that, as of such date
and based upon and subject to certain matters stated therein, from a financial
point of view, the exchange ratio offered to UTI's stockholders in the merger
was fair to such stockholders.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF THE LEHMAN BROTHERS' WRITTEN OPINION IS INCLUDED IN ANNEX
B TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY
REFERENCE.
UTI STOCKHOLDERS MAY READ LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION FOR A DISCUSSION
OF THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, FACTORS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS UPON THE REVIEW
UNDERTAKEN BY LEHMAN BROTHERS IN RENDERING ITS OPINION.
THE FOLLOWING IS SUMMARY
OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH OPINION.

     
Except as described in the next sentence, no limitations were imposed by
UTI on the scope of Lehman Brothers' investigation or the procedures to be
followed by Lehman Brothers in rendering its opinion.
In arriving at its
opinion, at the direction of UTI, Lehman Brothers had limited opportunity to
conduct due diligence on UTI and Patterson and, as further described below,
Lehman Brothers' opinion therefore was necessarily based primarily upon publicly
available information.
The form and amount of the consideration to be received
by UTI stockholders in the merger was determined through arm's-length
negotiations between the parties.
Lehman Brothers' advisory services and opinion
were provided for the use and benefit of the UTI board in connection with its
consideration of the merger.
Lehman Brothers' opinion is not intended to be and
does not constitute a recommendation to any UTI stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote with respect to the merger.
Lehman Brothers was not
requested to opine as to, and its opinion does not address, UTI's underlying
business decision to proceed with the merger.
In addition, Lehman Brothers'
opinion does not address the prices at which shares of Patterson common stock
will actually trade after the merger.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed and analyzed the
following:

     - the merger agreement and the specific terms of the merger (including with
       respect to corporate governance of the combined company);

     - publicly available information concerning UTI and Patterson that Lehman
       Brothers believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Annual
       Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 and
       Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000;

     - a trading history of the common stock of each of UTI and Patterson from
       February 2, 2000 to the present and a comparison of these trading
       histories with each other and with those of other companies that Lehman
       Brothers deemed relevant;

     - a comparison of the historical financial results and present financial
       condition of each of UTI and Patterson with each other and with those of
       other companies that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

     - a comparison of the financial terms of the merger with the financial
       terms of certain other transactions that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

     - estimates of third party research analysts with respect to the future
       financial performance of each of UTI and Patterson; and

     - the relative contributions of UTI and Patterson to the historical and
       future financial performance of the combined company on a pro forma
       basis.


In addition, Lehman Brothers had discussions with the management of each of UTI
and Patterson concerning their respective businesses, operations, assets,
financial condition and prospects and concerning the strategic benefits expected
to result from the merger and undertook such other studies, analyses and
investigations as it deemed appropriate.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by Lehman
Brothers without assuming any responsibility for independent verification of
such information and further relied upon the assurances of managements of UTI
and Patterson that they are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would
make such information inaccurate or misleading.
In arriving at its opinion,
Lehman Brothers did not review financial projections of UTI or Patterson
prepared by management of UTI or Patterson.
Based on the advice of UTI, Lehman
Brothers assumed that the published estimates of third party research analysts
are a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate the future financial performance
of UTI and Patterson on a comparative basis.
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman
Brothers did not conduct a physical inspection of the properties and facilities
of UTI or Patterson and did not make or obtain any evaluations or appraisals of
the assets or liabilities of UTI or Patterson.
In addition, the UTI board did
not authorize Lehman Brothers to solicit, and Lehman Brothers did not solicit,
any proposals or offers from any third party with respect to the purchase of all
or a part of UTI's business.
Upon advice of UTI and its legal and accounting
advisors, Lehman Brothers assumed that the merger will qualify (i) for
pooling-of-interests accounting treatment and (ii) as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and therefore qualify as a tax-free transaction to the stockholders of UTI.

Lehman Brothers' opinion necessarily was based upon market, economic and other
conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date of its
opinion.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not ascribe a specific
range of values to UTI or Patterson, but rather made its determination as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio on the basis of
the financial and comparative analyses described below.
The preparation of a
fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial and comparative analysis and the application of
those methods to the particular circumstances.
As a result, fairness opinions
are not readily susceptible to summary description.
Furthermore, in arriving at
its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to
the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.
Accordingly, Lehman
Brothers believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
considering any portion of such analyses and of the factors considered, without
considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the process underlying its opinion.
In performing its analyses, Lehman
Brothers made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of UTI or Patterson.
None of UTI, Patterson, Lehman Brothers or any
other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different
from those discussed.
Any estimates contained in the analyses are not
necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or
values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than as set forth
therein.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses may
actually be sold.

     
Financial Analyses.  
The following is a summary of the material financial
analyses used by Lehman Brothers in connection with providing its opinion to the
UTI board.
Certain of the summaries of financial analyses include information
presented in tabular format.
In order to fully understand the financial analyses
used by Lehman Brothers, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial and comparative analyses.
In particular, you should note that in
applying the various valuation methodologies to the particular businesses,
operations

and prospects of UTI and Patterson, and the particular circumstances of the
merger, Lehman Brothers made qualitative judgments as to the significance and
relevance of each analysis.
In addition, Lehman Brothers made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and economic
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of UTI and
Patterson.
Accordingly, analyses and the implied exchange ratios derived
therefrom set forth in the tables and described below must be considered as a
whole.
Considering any portion of such analyses, including the implied exchange
ratios set forth in the tables below, and of the factors considered without
considering all analyses, factors and the assumptions underlying these analyses,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying, and
conclusions represented by Lehman Brothers' opinion.

                                                                                          
IMPLIED
                                                                                         EXCHANGE
VALUATION METHODOLOGY                    SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF VALUATION METHODOLOGY   RATIO RANGE
- ---------------------                    --------------------------------------------   -----------

Comparable Company Trading Analysis....  
Market valuation benchmark based on the        0.860-0.910
                                           common stock trading multiples of selected
                                           comparable companies
Comparable Acquisitions Analysis.......  
Market valuation benchmark based on            0.850-0.910
                                           consideration paid in selected comparable
                                           transactions
Exchange ratio in the merger...........                                                    1.000

     Comparable Company Trading Analysis.  
With respect to UTI and Patterson,
Lehman Brothers reviewed the public stock market trading multiples for selected
domestic U.S. land drilling companies, including, but not limited to, the
following:

     - Grey Wolf, Inc.,

     - Helmerich & Payne Inc.,

     - Key Energy Services, Inc.,

     - Nabors Industries, Inc., and

     - Precision Drilling Corporation.


Using publicly available information, Lehman Brothers calculated and analyzed
the common equity market value multiples of certain projected financial criteria
based upon published analyst estimates, such as net income and discretionary
cash flow.
Lehman Brothers also calculated and analyzed the adjusted
capitalization multiples of certain projected financial criteria based upon
published analyst estimates, such as EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization).
The adjusted capitalization of each company was
obtained by adding long-term debt to the sum of the market value of its common
equity, the value of its preferred stock based upon its market value if publicly
traded and its liquidation value if privately held, and the book value of any
minority interest minus the cash balance.

     
This methodology yielded an implied exchange ratio range of 0.850 to 0.910.

However, because of the inherent differences between the businesses, operations
and prospects of UTI and Patterson and the companies included in the comparable
companies group, Lehman Brothers believed that it was inappropriate to, and
therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative results of the analysis.

Accordingly, Lehman Brothers also made qualitative judgments concerning the
differences between the financial and operating characteristics of UTI and
Patterson and the companies in the comparable companies group that would affect
the public trading values of UTI and Patterson and such comparable companies.

     
Comparable Acquisitions Analysis.  
With respect to UTI and Patterson,
Lehman Brothers reviewed certain publicly available information on selected
domestic U.S. and international transactions which were announced from June of
1994 to September of 2000 including, but not limited to, the following:

     - Schlumberger N.V. (Schlumberger Limited)/Camco International Inc.,

     - Baker Hughes Incorporated/Western Atlas Inc.,

     - Energy Ventures, Inc./Weatherford Enterra, Inc.,

     - Halliburton Company/Dresser Industries, Inc.,

     - National-Oilwell, Inc./Dreco Energy Services, Ltd.,

     - Nabors Industries, Inc./Pool Energy Services Co.,

     - Precision Drilling Corporation/Plains Energy Services Ltd.,

     - Bonus Resource Services Corp./Tetonka Drilling Inc., and

     - Transocean Sedco
Forex Inc./R&B Falcon Corporation.


For each transaction, Lehman Brothers calculated an enterprise value multiple
based on the EBITDA during the last twelve month period prior to announcement of
the transaction and equity value multiples based on the one and two year forward
estimated net income.

     
The enterprise and equity value multiples were applied to UTI's data points
for each of the above-mentioned statistics adjusting the enterprise value for
the market value of total debt less cash and cash equivalents to calculate an
implied equity value range.

     
The comparable acquisitions analysis resulted in an implied exchange ratio
range of 0.850-0.910.
However, because the market conditions, rationale and
circumstances surrounding each of the transactions analyzed were specific to
each transaction and because of the inherent differences between the businesses,
operations and prospects of UTI and Patterson and the companies involved in the
transactions analyzed, Lehman Brothers believed that it was inappropriate to,
and therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative results of the analysis.

Accordingly, Lehman Brothers also made qualitative judgments concerning the
differences between the characteristics of these transactions and the merger
that would affect the equity values of UTI and Patterson and such other
companies.

     
Historical Common Stock Trading Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers reviewed the
daily historical closing share prices of the UTI and Patterson common stock for
the period from February 2, 2000 to February 2, 2001.
Lehman Brothers analyzed
the ratio of the February 2, 2001 closing share price for UTI to the
corresponding closing share price of Patterson.
In addition, Lehman Brothers
reviewed the ratio of the closing share prices for UTI and Patterson based on
the 10, 20, 30, 60, 90 and 120 trading day averages as of February 2, 2001.

Based on these average closing prices of the UTI and Patterson common stock,
this analysis implies an exchange ratio range of 0.753 to 0.919.

     Contribution Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers utilized historical financial data
provided by UTI and Patterson regarding their land drilling operations to
calculate the relative contributions by UTI and Patterson to the pro forma
combined company with respect to net income and discretionary cash flow for the
calendar year 2000.
Lehman Brothers also calculated similar contributions based
on 2001 and 2002 projected net income and discretionary cash flow based on
consensus earnings estimates for both companies as reported by First Call, a
service reporting equity analyst estimates.
In all cases, Lehman

Brothers compared UTI's contribution percentages to UTI stockholders' expected
50% pro forma ownership of the combined company.
The following table summarizes
the results of this analysis.

                                                     
UTI         PATTERSON        IMPLIED
                                                 CONTRIBUTION   CONTRIBUTION   EXCHANGE RATIO
                                                 ------------   ------------   --------------

HISTORICAL RESULTS
  2000 Net Income..............................     39.2%          60.8%           0.653
  2000 Discretionary Cash Flow.................     42.1%          57.9%           0.736
PROJECTED RESULTS
  2001E Net Income.............................     41.6%          58.4%           0.722
  2002E Net Income.............................     43.7%          56.3%           0.786
  2001E Discretionary Cash Flow................     42.2%          57.8%           0.739
  2002E Discretionary Cash Flow................     45.3%          54.7%           0.838

     Premiums Paid Analysis.  
With respect to UTI, Lehman Brothers reviewed the
premiums paid in selected domestic U.S. and international oilfield
equipment/services company transactions based upon publicly available
information which were announced from June of 1994 to August of 2000 including,
but not limited to, the following:

     - Schlumberger N.V. (Schlumberger Limited)/Camco,

     - Baker Hughes Incorporated/Western Atlas Inc.,

     - Energy Ventures, Inc./Weatherford Enterra, Inc.,

     - Halliburton Company/Dresser Industries, Inc.,

     - National-Oilwell, Inc./Dreco Energy Services, Ltd.,

     - Camco International Inc./Production Operators Corp.,

     - National-Oilwell, Inc./IRI International Corporation,

     - Precision Drilling Corporation/Plains Energy Services Ltd., and

     - Transocean Sedco
Forex Inc./R&B Falcon Corporation.


For each transaction, Lehman Brothers calculated the premium paid to the
stockholders of the acquired company based upon the acquired company's common
stock price one day, one week, four weeks and eight weeks prior to the
announcement date of such transaction.

     
The transaction premiums were applied to UTI's data point for each of the
dates specified to obtain a range of values for UTI's common stock.
Theses
values were then compared to Patterson's closing common stock price on the last
trading day preceding delivery of Lehman Brothers' opinion to the UTI Board.

     
The premiums paid analysis resulted in an implied exchange ratio of 0.830
to 1.110.
However, because the market conditions, rationale and circumstances
surrounding each of the transactions analyzed were specific to each transaction
and because of the inherent differences between the businesses, operations and
prospects of UTI and Patterson and the companies involved in the transactions
analyzed, Lehman Brothers believed that it was inappropriate to, and therefore
did not, rely solely on the quantitative results of the analysis.
Accordingly,
Lehman Brothers also made qualitative judgments concerning the differences
between the characteristics of these transactions and the merger that would
affect the equity values of UTI and Patterson and such other companies.

     
Pro Forma Merger Consequences Analysis.  
Lehman Brothers analyzed the pro
forma impact of the merger on UTI's projected earnings per share and
discretionary cash flow per share.
Projected net income and discretionary cash
flow for fiscal years 2001 and 2002 was based on third party research estimates
reported by First Call, a service reporting equity analyst estimates.
Lehman
Brothers compared the

earnings and discretionary cash flow of UTI on a standalone basis to the
earnings and discretionary cash flow attributable to UTI's respective interests
in pro forma Patterson.
The analysis indicated that the merger will be accretive
to UTI's net income and discretionary cash flow per share in 2001 and 2002.

     
Lehman Brothers Financial Advisory Fee -- Lehman Brothers is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm engaged in, among other
things, the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.
The UTI board selected Lehman
Brothers because of its expertise, reputation and familiarity with UTI in
particular and the oilfield service industry in general and because its
investment banking professionals have substantial experience in transactions
comparable to the merger.

     
Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter dated February 3, 2001,
between Lehman Brothers and UTI, UTI agreed to pay Lehman Brothers a fee of
$2,000,000 upon the delivery of its fairness opinion.
UTI also agreed to
reimburse Lehman Brothers for its reasonable expenses incurred in connection
with its engagement, and to indemnify Lehman Brothers and certain related
persons against certain liabilities in connection with its engagement.
Lehman
Brothers has previously rendered financial advisory and investment banking
services to UTI for which it has received customary compensation.

     
In the ordinary course of its business, Lehman Brothers actively trades in
the equity securities of UTI and Patterson for its own account and for the
accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in such securities.


PATTERSON'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Patterson's board of directors has determined that the merger agreement is
fair to and in the best interest of the stockholders of Patterson.
In reaching
its decision to approve the merger agreement, the Patterson board of directors
consulted with Patterson's legal and financial advisors, as well as with
Patterson's management, including the management members of Patterson's board of
directors.
The Patterson board of directors considered the following factors:

     - The complementary nature of Patterson's and UTI's respective businesses,
       assets and strategic objectives;

     - The historical financial performance and condition, and operations and
       prospects of Patterson and UTI on a combined basis and of Patterson and
       UTI, as separate entities;

     - Diversification of operations into the prolific oil and natural gas
       regions of Western Canada;

     - Belief that the expected greater visibility and enhanced market
       capitalization of the combined companies following the merger, together
       with the expected increase in stock market liquidity should provide
       opportunity for investment in Patterson-UTI by institutions having more
       purchasing power and more stringent investment policies and practices;

     - Belief that economies of scale and other cost savings obtainable from the
       merger would, if realized, create additional value to Patterson
       stockholders;

     - Belief that the proposed merger would result in improvements in key
       performances indicators including cash flow;

     - Financial presentation to the board of directors and related opinion from
       Patterson's financial advisor to the effect that, as of the date of its
       opinion and based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion,
       the exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to Patterson
       and the Patterson stockholders, as more fully described under "Opinion of
       Patterson's Financial Advisor"; and

     - The terms and conditions of the merger agreement and the merger were
       viewed by the Patterson board of directors and management to be fair to
       and in the best interest of Patterson and its stockholders.

     
Patterson's board of directors believes that the further expansion of
Patterson's onshore drilling fleet through the merger, the enhancement of
Patterson's financial position and the possible positive impact on
Patterson-UTI's earnings that could result from any consolidation savings
realized in the merger will enhance Patterson's long-term growth potential.

     
All combinations, including the merger, include certain risk and
disadvantages.
Material potential risks associated with the merger are discussed
in "Risk Factors" commencing on page 19 of this document.
You are urged to
review that section.


RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE PATTERSON BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     After consideration of the factors discussed above, and without weight to
any specific factor, the members of Patterson's board of directors voting on the
merger and the proposed amendments to Patterson's restated certificate of
incorporation, have determined that the terms of the merger are fair to and in
the best interest of Patterson and the Patterson stockholders.

     
THE PATTERSON BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT PATTERSON STOCKHOLDERS VOTE AT THE
PATTERSON SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE
MERGER AND THE AMENDMENT TO PATTERSON'S RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO
INCREASE THE AUTHORIZED SHARES OF PATTERSON'S COMMON STOCK AND THE AMENDMENT TO
PATTERSON'S RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION FOR THE NAME CHANGE.

     
One of the Patterson board members abstained from voting on the merger and
the charter amendments, because he believed that he lacked sufficient
information and time to make an informed decision.


OPINION OF PATTERSON'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Patterson retained Merrill Lynch to act as its financial advisor in
connection with the merger.
On February 4, 2001, Merrill Lynch rendered its oral
opinion to the Patterson board of directors, which was later confirmed in
writing, in the Merrill Lynch fairness opinion letter dated February 4, 2001,
that, as of that date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions
described in the Merrill Lynch fairness opinion letter, the exchange ratio was
fair from a financial point of view to Patterson.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH FAIRNESS OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH THE
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED, AND QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON THE
REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY MERRILL LYNCH, IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX C TO THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND IS INCORPORATED IN THIS DOCUMENT
BY REFERENCE.
THE
SUMMARY OF THE MERRILL LYNCH FAIRNESS OPINION SET FORTH IN THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT
OF THE OPINION.
STOCKHOLDERS OF PATTERSON ARE URGED TO READ THE OPINION IN ITS
ENTIRETY.
THE MERRILL LYNCH FAIRNESS OPINION WAS PROVIDED TO THE PATTERSON BOARD
FOR ITS INFORMATION AND IS DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS FROM A FINANCIAL POINT
OF VIEW OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO TO PATTERSON AND DOES NOT ADDRESS THE MERITS OF
THE UNDERLYING DECISION BY PATTERSON TO ENGAGE IN THE MERGER AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO PATTERSON'S STOCKHOLDERS AS TO HOW
THE
STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD VOTE ON THE MERGER OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE
MERGER AGREEMENT.
MERRILL LYNCH HAS NOT EXPRESSED ANY OPINION AS TO THE PRICES
AT WHICH PATTERSON COMMON STOCK WILL TRADE FOLLOWING THE ANNOUNCEMENT OR
CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER.

     
The summary set forth below does not purport to be a complete description
of the analyses underlying the Merrill Lynch fairness opinion or the
presentation made by Merrill Lynch to the Patterson board.
The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex and analytical process involving various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances
and, therefore, the opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or
summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch did not attribute
any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather
made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis
and factor.
Accordingly, Merrill Lynch believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without
considering all of its analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying the Merrill Lynch fairness opinion.

     
In performing its analyses, numerous assumptions were made with respect to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Merrill
Lynch, UTI or Patterson.
Any estimates contained in the analyses performed by
Merrill Lynch are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by the
analyses.
Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses or securities do
not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which the businesses or
securities might actually be sold.
Accordingly, the analyses and estimates are
inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.
In addition, the requirement for
the delivery of the Merrill Lynch fairness opinion was among several factors
taken into consideration by the Patterson board in making its determination to
approve the merger agreement and the merger and in reaching its determination to
recommend approval of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement, including the merger, the respective proposed amendments
to Patterson's restated certificate of incorporation authorizing additional
Patterson common shares and the change in Patterson's name.
Consequently, the
Merrill Lynch analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative of
the decision of the Patterson board or Patterson's management with respect to
the fairness of the exchange ratio.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

     - Reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
       relating to UTI and Patterson that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant
       including (a) Annual Reports on Form 10-K and related audited financial
       statements for the three years ended December 31, 1999 and (b) Quarterly
       Reports on Form 10-Q and related unaudited financial statements for the
       quarterly periods ending March 31, 2000, June 30, 2000 and September 30,
       2000;

     - Reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating to
       the business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of
       UTI, as well as the amount of the cost savings and related expenses and
       synergies expected to result from the merger (the "Expected Synergies")
       furnished to Merrill Lynch by Patterson;

     - Conducted discussions with members of senior management of UTI and
       Patterson concerning the matters described in the two preceding
       paragraphs above, as well as their respective businesses and prospects
       before and after giving effect to the merger;

     - Reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for UTI shares and
       Patterson shares and compared them with those of certain publicly traded
       companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

     - Reviewed the results of operations of UTI and Patterson and compared them
       with those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed
       to be relevant;

     -
Compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
       terms of certain other transactions which Merrill Lynch deemed to be
       relevant;

     - Reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger on Patterson;

     - Reviewed a draft dated February 4, 2001 of the merger agreement; and

     - Reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into account
       such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary, including Merrill
       Lynch's assessment of general economic, market and monetary conditions.

     
In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to
Merrill Lynch, discussed with or reviewed by or for Merrill Lynch, or publicly
available, and Merrill Lynch did not assume any responsibility for independently
verifying such information or undertake an independent evaluation or appraisal
of any of the assets or liabilities of UTI or receive any such evaluation or
appraisal.
In addition, Merrill Lynch did not assume any obligation to conduct
any physical inspection of the properties or facilities of UTI.
With respect to
the financial forecast information and the Expected Synergies furnished to or
discussed with Merrill Lynch by

UTI or Patterson, Merrill Lynch assumed that they were reasonably prepared and
reflected the best currently available estimates and judgment of UTI's or
Patterson's managements as to the expected future financial performance of UTI
or Patterson, as the case may be, and the Expected Synergies.
Merrill Lynch made
no independent investigation of any legal matters and accounting advice given to
such parties and their respective boards of directors, including, without
limitation, advice as to the accounting and tax consequences of the merger.

Merrill Lynch also assumed that the signed merger agreement would be
substantially similar to the February 4, 2001 draft reviewed by Merrill Lynch.

     
Merrill Lynch's opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they exist and can be evaluated on, and on the information
made available to Merrill Lynch as of the date of the opinion.
Merrill Lynch
assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or other
consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the merger, no
restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on the
contemplated benefits of the merger.

     
The exchange ratio was determined through analyses of current and projected
financial data of both Patterson and UTI and through negotiations between the
chairmen of both Patterson and UTI.
After substantial analysis and
consideration, the merger was authorized by the Patterson board.

     
The following is a brief summary of the material analyses performed by
Merrill Lynch in connection with its preparation of the Merrill Lynch fairness
opinion.
Some of these summaries of financial analyses include information
presented in tabular format.
In order to understand fully the financial analyses
used by Merrill Lynch, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses.
Considering the data set forth in the tables without
considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including
the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses performed by Merrill
Lynch.

     
Financial Forecasts.  
UTI and Patterson provided Merrill Lynch with their
respective forecasted financial performance.
Merrill Lynch used such forecasted
financial information in conducting its analyses.

     
Contribution Analysis.  
Using the forecasts described above for both UTI
and Patterson for the years 2000 and 2001, Merrill Lynch compared the relative
projected levels of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization ("EBITDA"), net income after income taxes ("Net Income") and
after-tax cash flow ("Cash Flow") for each company during this period.
Merrill
Lynch compared the relative levels of each of these financial measures both with
and without incorporating the impact of the Expected Synergies in UTI's
financial measures.

     
Relative levels of EBITDA, Net Income and Cash Flow were used to develop
implied equity value contributions.
The results of these analyses are set forth
below.

                                                                
PATTERSON'S IMPLIED
                                                         EQUITY MARKET VALUE CONTRIBUTION
                                                      ---------------------------------------
                                                           WITHOUT                WITH
VALUATION BASIS                                       EXPECTED SYNERGIES   EXPECTED SYNERGIES
- ---------------                                       ------------------   ------------------

2000E EBITDA........................................         
57.6%                47.6%
2001E EBITDA........................................         
51.3                 46.8
2000E Net Income....................................         64.8                 44.8
2001E Net Income....................................         51.1                 45.3
2000E Cash Flow.....................................         57.8                 49.3
2001E Cash Flow.....................................         53.1                 49.1

     The contribution analysis implied an exchange ratio of 0.883-0.956 or a
Patterson implied equity value contribution of 51.0%-53.0% without incorporating
the impact of the Expected Synergies in UTI's financial measures and an exchange
ratio of 1.036-1.216 or a Patterson implied equity value contribution of 45.0%-
49.0% after incorporating the impact of the Expected Synergies in UTI's
financial measures.

     
Comparable Company Acquisition Analysis.  
Merrill Lynch also reviewed
publicly available information relating to comparable merger and acquisition
transactions in respect of companies with primarily contract drilling
operations.
Because the reasons for, and circumstances surrounding, each of the
comparable transactions analyzed were so diverse and due to the dramatic
disparity in implied transaction multiples for the comparable transactions
analyzed, Merrill Lynch believes that a purely quantitative comparable company
acquisition analysis would not be dispositive in the context of the merger.

Merrill Lynch, therefore, deemed a comparable company acquisition analysis not
to be relevant in this situation.

     
Comparable Company Trading Analysis.  
Merrill Lynch reviewed and compared
certain financial information, ratios and public market multiples derived from
the Patterson and UTI projections to corresponding financial information, ratios
and public market multiples for four other publicly traded corporations in the
land drilling industry:

     - Grey Wolf, Inc.

     - Nabors Industries, Inc.

     - Precision Drilling Corporation

     - Pride International, Inc.

     
The selected companies were chosen because they are publicly traded
companies with financial and operating characteristics which Merrill Lynch
deemed to be similar to those of Patterson and UTI, including, among other
things, equity market capitalization and land drilling focus.
Merrill Lynch
calculated various financial ratios for the selected companies and compared them
to those calculated for Patterson and UTI.
The ratios for the selected companies
were based on publicly available information, including estimates provided by
Merrill Lynch research.
Merrill Lynch calculated the following financial ratios:

     - Enterprise value (defined as market value of common equity plus book
       value of debt less cash) multiples of 2001E EBITDA; and

     - Equity value multiples of 2001E Net Income and 2001E Cash Flow.

     
The following table shows the relevant ranges determined by Merrill Lynch
for the selected companies.


FINANCIAL MEASURE                                        RELEVANT RANGE
- -----------------                                        --------------

2001E EBITDA..........................................   
10.0x-12.0x
2001E Net Income......................................    20.0-30.0
2001E Cash Flow.......................................    15.0-18.0

     From the enterprise value ranges implied by these multiple ranges, Merrill
Lynch determined a relevant enterprise value range for Patterson under this
method of $1,450 million to $1,850 million, or an equity value range per diluted
share of $38.13 to $48.40.

     
From the enterprise value ranges implied by these multiple ranges, and
without incorporating the Expected Synergies in UTI's financial measures,
Merrill Lynch determined a relevant enterprise value range for UTI under this
method of $1,400 million to $1,800 million or an equity value range per diluted
share of $34.58 to $44.81.
From the enterprise value ranges implied by these
multiple ranges, and after incorporating the Expected Synergies in UTI's
financial measures, Merrill Lynch determined a relevant enterprise value range
for UTI under this method of $1,700 million to $2,100 million or an equity value
range per diluted share of $42.25 to $52.48.

     
None of the selected companies are identical to Patterson or UTI.

Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing is not purely
mathematical.
Rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the
selected companies and

other factors that could affect the public trading value of the comparable
companies or company to which they are being compared.

     
The comparable company trading analysis implied an exchange ratio of
0.907-0.926 or a Patterson implied equity value contribution of 51.8%-52.3%
without incorporating the impact of the Expected Synergies in UTI's financial
measures and an exchange ratio of 1.084-1.108 or a Patterson implied equity
value contribution of 47.3%-47.9% after incorporating the impact of the Expected
Synergies in UTI's financial measures.

     
Merger Premium Analysis.  
In order to determine an implied exchange ratio
range based upon a merger premium analysis, Merrill Lynch examined premiums paid
for the target's equity value per share over pre-announcement stock prices one
day prior to announcement, one week prior to announcement and four weeks prior
to announcement in corporate merger transactions with a transaction value in the
range of $1.0 billion to $2.0 billion for the periods of 1990 to present.

     
The following table shows the relevant ranges selected by Merrill Lynch for
the acquisition premiums paid over the target's stock price for one day, one
week and four weeks prior to the announcement.

  
ONE DAY      ONE WEEK     FOUR WEEKS
- -----------   -----------   -----------
LOW    HIGH   LOW    HIGH   LOW    HIGH
- ----   ----   ----   ----   ----   ----

28.0%  30.0%  30.0%  33.0%  33.0%  36.0%

     The merger premium analysis implied an exchange ratio of 1.195-1.241 or a
Patterson implied equity value contribution of 44.5%-45.4%.

     
Because the reasons for, and circumstances surrounding, each of the
transactions analyzed were different, Merrill Lynch believes that a purely
quantitative merger premium analysis would not be dispositive in the context of
the merger.
Merrill Lynch further believes that an appropriate use of a merger
premium analysis in this instance involves quantitative judgments concerning the
differences between the characteristics of these transactions and the merger
that would affect the value of UTI and Patterson, which judgments are reflected
in Merrill Lynch's opinion.

     
Relative Stock Price Analysis.  
Using closing stock prices for Patterson
and UTI at February 2, 2001, as well as average closing stock prices for both
companies for the periods 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, 180 days and one year prior
to February 2, 2001, Merrill Lynch derived implied exchange ratios for Patterson
and UTI based on each of these average stock prices.

     
The relative stock price analysis implied an exchange ratio of 0.750-0.900
or a Patterson implied equity value contribution of 52.5%-57.0%.

     
Merger Consequences.  
For both Patterson's projections and UTI's
projections, Merrill Lynch analyzed the respective contributions of each of
Patterson and UTI to the estimated Net Income of the combined company giving
effect to the merger on a pro forma basis for the year 2001 and analyzed the
increase in Net Income per current Patterson share resulting from the merger.

The foregoing analysis indicated that the merger would result in approximately
8.9% accretion to forecasted 2001 Net Income per current Patterson share,
assuming pooling-of-interests accounting treatment, before one-time merger
related costs and expenses and including the Expected Synergies.

     
Merrill Lynch Financial Advisor Fee.  
Pursuant to an engagement letter
dated February 2, 2001, Patterson retained Merrill Lynch to act as its financial
advisor in connection with the merger.
Pursuant to the engagement letter,
Patterson agreed to pay Merrill Lynch a fee of $2,000,000, payable upon delivery
of the fairness opinion, for services rendered in connection with the merger.

Patterson has also agreed to reimburse Merrill Lynch for its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable fees and disbursements of its legal
counsel.
Additionally, Patterson has agreed to indemnify Merrill Lynch and its
affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and
controlling persons against certain expenses, losses, claims, damages or
liabilities in connection with its services performed in connection with its
engagement.

     
Patterson retained Merrill Lynch based upon Merrill Lynch's experience and
expertise.
Merrill Lynch is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
Merrill Lynch, as part of its investment banking business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
In the ordinary course of its
business, Merrill Lynch and its affiliates may actively trade the equity
securities of Patterson and UTI (and anticipate trading after the merger in the
securities of Patterson-UTI) for their own accounts and for the accounts of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
these securities.


INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

     UTI Directors and Executive Officers.  
In considering the recommendation of
the UTI board of directors with respect to the merger, UTI stockholders should
be aware that some directors and executive officers have interests in the merger
that are different from UTI stockholders generally.
The UTI board was aware of
these interests and took them into account in approving the merger.

     
- Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, five of the seven members
       of the UTI board will be appointed directors of Patterson-UTI:

     - Under the merger agreement, Patterson has agreed to indemnify and hold
       harmless all past and present officers and directors of UTI to the
       fullest extent such persons may be indemnified pursuant to UTI's restated
       certificate of incorporation and bylaws for acts or omissions occurring
       at and prior to the effective time of the merger and to promptly advance
       reasonable litigation expenses incurred by such officers and directors in
       connection with investigating, preparing and defending any action arising
       out of such acts or omissions.

     - For a period of six years after the effective time of the merger,
       Patterson has agreed that it will provide UTI's current officers and
       directors with an insurance and indemnification policy that provides for
       coverage of events occurring prior to the effective time that is no less
       favorable than the existing policy or, if substantially equivalent
       insurance coverage is unavailable, the best available coverage; provided
       however, that Patterson shall not be required to pay an annual premium
       for such insurance in excess of $300,000 (two times the last annual
       premium paid by UTI preceding the date of the merger agreement).

     
All outstanding stock options held by Mark S. Siegel, Vaughn E. Drum, John
E. Vollmer III and Bruce Sauers, executive officers of UTI, and one of its
directors, Kenneth N. Berns, will vest at closing of the merger due to change of
control provisions in their respective option agreements.
In addition, four
other UTI employees hold stock options to purchase an aggregate of less than
65,000 shares of UTI common stock that will vest at closing of the merger.
Three
of UTI's directors and officers, Messrs. Siegel, Berns and Vollmer, have
employment arrangements with UTI that also will entitle them to receive a
payment equal to one year's salary upon a change of control in UTI and the
cessation of their employment.
UTI's President and Chief Executive Officer,
Vaughn E. Drum, has an employment agreement with UTI that provides that if his
employment is terminated without cause (as that term is defined in his
employment agreement), or, if he voluntarily terminates his employment within
one year of an adverse change (a significant reduction of his authority, duties
or responsibilities, his removal from office, a reduction in his salary or
material reduction in benefits, or a transfer without his consent to a location
greater than 40 miles from his previous work location), he would receive
compensation comprising one year's salary, up to one-half of one year's salary
as separation pay, vacation pay, any bonus, full vesting of all of his interests
under benefit plans and continuation of his benefits.

     UTI directors and executive officers beneficially owned, as of the record
date, approximately   % of the outstanding UTI common stock, including those
shares of UTI common stock underlying outstanding stock options and warrants.

     
Patterson Directors and Executive Officers.  
All outstanding unvested stock
options that Patterson has granted to its employees and those of its
subsidiaries under its 1993 stock incentive plan, including those stock options
granted to the three management members of Patterson's board of directors and
one other executive officer of Patterson, vest upon a change of control.
The
merger will constitute a change of control under the plan.
A total of not more
than 1,674,140 unvested stock options under the plan will become vested and
therefore exercisable as a result of the merger.
Information follows concerning
those stock options held by the three management board members and one other
executive officer that will vest as a result of the merger.

                                                                           
TOTAL OPTIONS
                                                                            VESTED UPON
NAME                                      POSITIONS WITH PATTERSON            MERGER
- ----                                      ------------------------         -------------

Cloyce A. Talbott..................  Chairman of the Board and Chief          160,000
                                       Executive Officer
A. Glenn Patterson.................  
Director, President and Chief            376,240
                                     Operating Officer
Spencer D. Armour III..............  Director and President of a               32,400
                                     Patterson subsidiary
Jonathan D. Nelson.................  
Vice President-Finance and Chief          70,000
                                       Financial Officer

     The Patterson board of directors was aware of these interests and took them
into account in approving the merger.

     
The Patterson directors and executive officers beneficially owned, as of
the record date, approximately   % of the outstanding shares of Patterson common
stock, including those shares of Patterson common stock underlying outstanding
stock options.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     We intend to account for the merger as a pooling-of-interests for financial
reporting purposes.
Under this method of accounting, the recorded assets and
liabilities of Patterson and UTI will be carried forward to Patterson-UTI, at
their historical amounts, and income of Patterson-UTI will include income for
the entire fiscal year in which the merger occurs, as well as for prior periods.

     
The unaudited combined pro forma data for the merger included in this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus has been prepared using the pooling-of-interests
method of accounting.
See "Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements.
"

     The merger agreement provides that it is a condition to the obligations of
Patterson and UTI that certain affiliates of Patterson and UTI execute a written
agreement at the effective time of the merger to the effect that they have not
transferred shares of Patterson common stock or shares of UTI common stock
within the preceding 30 days and will not transfer any shares of Patterson
common stock or shares of UTI common stock prior to the date that Patterson-UTI
publishes financial statements that reflect 30 days of operations of
Patterson-UTI (which written agreements relate to the ability of Patterson-UTI
to account for the merger as a pooling-of-interests).


REGULATORY APPROVALS

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, the merger may not be completed unless
Patterson, UTI and REMY Capital Partners III, L.P., a UTI stockholder, file
Notification and Report forms with the Federal Trade Commission and the
Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and certain waiting periods
expire or are terminated.
On February 22, 2001, Patterson, UTI and REMY Capital
submitted the regulatory filings to the Federal Trade Commission and the
Antitrust Division.
The waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act will
expire on March 26, 2001, unless each party receives early termination of the
waiting period before that time.
The waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Act may be extended

by receipt of a request for additional information or documentary material from
either the Antitrust Division or the Federal Trade Commission until the
expiration of 30 days after both Patterson and UTI are in substantial compliance
with that request (unless the extended waiting period is terminated early).

     
Other than as we describe in this document, the merger does not require the
approval of any other U.S. federal or state or foreign agency.


MANAGEMENT OF PATTERSON-UTI FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     Immediately following the merger, Vincent A. Rossi, Jr. will resign as a
director of Patterson, and the Patterson-UTI board will, by resolution, increase
the Patterson-UTI board to 11 directors.
The Patterson-UTI board will then elect
Mark S. Siegel, Vaughn E. Drum, Kenneth N. Berns, Curtis W. Huff and Nadine C.
Smith, all of whom are existing UTI directors, to fill the newly created
vacancies.
The 11 board members will serve until the Patterson-UTI 2002 annual
meeting of stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified.

     
The merger agreement does not specify who will be the Chairman of the Board
and the executive officers of Patterson-UTI following the merger.
Formal action
with respect to these positions will be taken by the new Patterson-UTI board of
directors promptly following closing of the merger.
At the time that our boards
of directors approved the merger agreement, they anticipated that Mark S.
Siegel, Chairman of the Board of UTI, would become Chairman of the Board of
Patterson-UTI, and that Cloyce A. Talbott, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of Patterson, would be the Chief Executive Officer of
Patterson-UTI.

RIGHTS OF DISSENTING STOCKHOLDERS

     Neither the Patterson stockholders nor the UTI stockholders will be
entitled to dissenters' rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law or any
other law in connection with the merger.

DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF UTI COMMON STOCK

     If the merger is completed, the shares of UTI common stock will be delisted
from the American Stock Exchange and will be deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.
The stockholders of UTI will become stockholders of
Patterson and their rights as stockholders will be governed by Patterson's
restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and by the laws of the State of
Delaware.
See "Comparison of Stockholders' Rights."

RESALE OF SHARES OF PATTERSON COMMON STOCK ISSUED IN THE MERGER

     
The shares of Patterson common stock issued to UTI stockholders in the
merger will be freely transferable under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
except for shares issued to holders of UTI common stock who are considered to be
"affiliates" of UTI under Rule 145 of the Securities Act, or of Patterson under
Rule 144 of the Securities Act.
The definition of "affiliate" is complex and
depends on the specific facts, but generally includes directors, executive
officers, 10% stockholders and other persons with the power to direct the
management and policies of the company in question.

     
Under applicable securities regulations, affiliates of UTI may not sell the
shares of Patterson common stock received in the merger except:

     - pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,

     - in compliance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the
       Securities Act, or

     - in compliance with Rule 145 under the Securities Act.


Generally, those rules permit resales of shares received by UTI affiliates
during the year following the completion of the merger, so long as Patterson has
complied with certain reporting requirements and the selling stockholder
complies with certain volume and manner of sale restrictions, and freely
thereafter.

     
Sales or transfers of shares of Patterson common stock by such UTI
affiliates, or by affiliates of Patterson, during the 30 days prior to the
merger and until Patterson-UTI announces or files a report with the SEC that
sets forth the combined financial results of Patterson-UTI for a period of at
least 30 days of combined operations following the date on which the merger is
completed may also adversely affect qualification of the merger as a
pooling-of-interests for accounting purposes.

     
Patterson and UTI have agreed to deliver to each other at least 30 days
prior to the special meetings a signed agreement by each person that may be
deemed to be an affiliate of Patterson or UTI to the effect that the person will
not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of his shares of UTI or Patterson common
stock, or options to purchase such shares, during the 30 days prior to
completion of the merger.
Each person will also agree in that signed agreement
that, following the merger, the person will not sell, transfer or otherwise
dispose of the shares of Patterson common stock received by the person in the
merger except in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and only after Patterson
announces or files a report with the SEC that sets forth the combined financial
results of Patterson and UTI for a period of at least 30 days of combined
operations following the date on which the merger was completed.

     
This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not cover any resales of shares
of Patterson common stock received by affiliates of UTI.


CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     In General.  
The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the merger.
Tax consequences which are different from
or in addition to those described herein may apply to UTI stockholders who are
subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, such as
non-U.S. persons, tax exempt organizations, financial institutions, insurance
companies, broker-dealers, UTI stockholders who hold their UTI common stock as
part of a hedge, straddle, wash sale, synthetic security, conversion
transaction, or other integrated investment comprised of UTI common stock and
one or more other investments, persons with a "functional currency" (as defined
in the Internal Revenue Code) other than the U.S. dollar, and persons who
acquired their shares of UTI common stock in compensatory transactions.
The
discussion does not address non-U.S. or state or local tax considerations.

Moreover, the tax consequences to holders of UTI stock options and UTI warrants
are not discussed.

     
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR AN INDIVIDUAL ANALYSIS OF THE TAX
CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO YOU.
YOU SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISOR REGARDING
THE PARTICULAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER
IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN SITUATION.

     
It is a condition precedent to the closing of the merger that opinions of
Baker & Hostetler LLP and Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P. be delivered to Patterson
and UTI, respectively, to the effect that the merger qualifies as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The opinions
will be subject to certain qualifications and assumptions as noted therein.
In
addition, the opinions will be based in part upon representations of Patterson
and UTI provided to counsel, which counsel will assume to be true, correct and
complete.
If the representations are inaccurate, the opinions could be adversely
affected.
The opinions will also be based upon counsel's interpretation of the
Internal Revenue Code, applicable Treasury regulations, judicial authority and
administrative rulings and practice, all as of the date of the opinions.
There
can be no assurance that future legislative, judicial or administrative changes
or interpretations will not adversely affect the accuracy of the conclusions set
forth herein.
No ruling has been requested or received from the Internal Revenue
Service.
The opinions will not be binding upon the Internal Revenue Service or
any court, and neither the Internal Revenue Service nor any court will be
precluded from adopting a contrary position.

     
Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code, the U.S. federal income tax consequences will include
the following:

     - Patterson and UTI will each be a party to such reorganization within the
       meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code;

     - No gain or loss will be recognized by Patterson, UTI or holders of shares
       of Patterson common stock as a result of the merger;

     - No gain or loss will be recognized by holders of UTI common stock solely
       upon their receipt in the merger of Patterson common stock in exchange
       therefor;

     - The aggregate tax basis of the shares of Patterson common stock received
       by a UTI stockholder in the merger will be the same as the aggregate tax
       basis of the shares of UTI common stock surrendered in exchange therefor;
       and

     - The holding period of the shares of Patterson common stock received by a
       UTI stockholder in the merger will include the holding period of the
       shares of UTI common stock surrendered in exchange therefor, provided
       that such shares of UTI common stock are held as capital assets at the
       effective time of the merger.

     
In the event that the merger were held not to qualify as a reorganization
under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, UTI would recognize gain or
loss on the transfer of its assets to Patterson and each UTI stockholder would
recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the tax
basis in such UTI stockholder's shares of UTI common stock and the fair market
value, as of the effective date of the merger, of the shares of Patterson common
stock received in exchange therefor.
In such event, such UTI stockholder's tax
basis in the shares of Patterson common stock so received would be equal to
their fair market value as of the effective date of the merger, and the holding
period for such shares of Patterson common stock would begin on the day after
the effective date of the merger.

     
Information Reporting; Records.  
Each UTI stockholder will be required to
retain records and file with such UTI stockholder's United States federal income
tax return a statement setting forth certain facts relating to the merger.

     
THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SUMMARIZED ABOVE ARE FOR
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY.
YOU SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE PARTICULAR
CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION OF
STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER FEDERAL TAX LAWS.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this document and is
incorporated in this document by reference.
This summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the merger agreement.
You should read
the merger agreement because it, and not this document, is the legal document
that governs the merger.


THE MERGER

     Upon the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, and in accordance
with the Delaware General Corporation Law, at the effective time, UTI will merge
with and into Patterson.
Patterson will continue as the surviving corporation
under the name Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc., if the proposed amendment to its
restated certificate of incorporation is approved by stockholders at the
Patterson special meeting or, if not approved, under its existing name.

     
The closing date of the merger will occur no later than the second business
day following the date on which all conditions to the merger, other than those
conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the closing, have been
satisfied or waived, unless the parties agree on another time.
Contemporaneously
with the closing, Patterson and UTI will file a certificate of merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.
The effective time of the merger
will be the time Patterson and UTI file the certificate of merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at a later time as we may agree,
but in no case later than 30 days following the date on which the certificate of
merger is filed.

     
As a result of the merger, UTI will be merged with and into Patterson and
the separate corporate existence of UTI will cease.


MERGER CONSIDERATION

     Exchange Ratio.  
Each outstanding share of common stock, stock option or
warrant for UTI common stock shall be exchanged as follows:

     - at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding whole share of UTI
       common stock (other than shares of UTI common stock held by UTI or any of
       its subsidiaries, which will be canceled and retired without the right to
       receive any consideration in exchange therefor) will be converted into
       the right to receive one share of Patterson common stock;

     - at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding warrant to purchase
       or acquire whole shares of UTI common stock will be converted into a
       warrant to purchase an equal number of shares of Patterson common stock
       at the same exercise price per share; and

     - each of the outstanding UTI stock options will be converted into a
       Patterson stock option as follows:

         - prior to the effective time of the merger, each stock option will be
           exercisable for that number of shares of UTI common stock covered by
           the UTI stock option at an exercise price per share equal to the
           exercise price of the UTI common stock; and

         - after the effective time of the merger, each converted stock option
           will be exercisable for that number of shares of Patterson common
           stock equal to the number of whole shares of UTI common stock covered
           by the UTI stock option.
The converted options will be exercisable
           upon the same terms and conditions applied to the UTI stock options
           before the effective time of the merger, after giving effect to any
           existing provision in any UTI stock plan that provides for the
           automatic acceleration of vesting upon a change in control of UTI.

     
Patterson has agreed to reserve for issuance the number of shares of
Patterson common stock that will become issuable upon the exercise of the UTI
stock options.
Patterson has agreed to prepare and file a registration statement
and, if necessary, a "reoffer prospectus" with the Securities and Exchange
Commission with respect to the shares of Patterson common stock subject to the
converted options, and to

use its best efforts to keep the reoffer prospectus and its amendments effective
for so long as the converted options remain outstanding.


EXCHANGE PROCEDURES

     UTI Stockholders Should Not Send in Their UTI Stock Certificates Until They
Receive The Letter of Transmittal.  
As soon as reasonably practicable after the
effective time of the merger, an exchange agent will mail a letter of
transmittal to each holder of record of UTI common stock certificates.
This
letter of transmittal must be used in surrendering UTI stock certificates to the
exchange agent for cancellation.
Upon surrender of a UTI stock certificate for
cancellation, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal and any other
documents that the exchange agent may reasonably require, the holder of the UTI
common stock certificate will be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (a) a
Patterson certificate representing the number of whole shares of Patterson
common stock that the holder has the right to receive, and (b) any unpaid
dividends and distributions, if any, that the holder has the right to receive
pursuant to the merger agreement, after giving effect to any required
withholding tax.

     
After the effective time of the merger, each UTI common stock certificate,
until surrendered and exchanged, will represent only the right to receive a
certificate representing Patterson common stock and unpaid dividends and
distributions, if any.
Holders of UTI stock certificates will not be entitled to
receive any dividends or other distributions with respect to Patterson common
stock declared or made by Patterson having a record date after the effective
time of the merger until the UTI common stock certificates are surrendered.

Subject to applicable law, following surrender of the UTI common stock
certificates, such dividends and distributions, if any, will be paid without
interest.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The merger agreement contains customary and substantially reciprocal
representations and warranties made by each party to the other.
These
representations and warranties relate to, among other things:

     - corporate organization, qualification and good standing and ownership of
       subsidiaries;

     - capitalization;

     - corporate power and authority to enter into the merger agreement, and due
       execution, delivery and enforceability of the merger agreement;

     - absence of a breach of charter documents, by-laws, material agreements,
       orders, decrees, licenses or permits as a result of the merger;

     - authorizations, consents, approvals and filings required to enter into
       the merger agreement or to complete the transactions contemplated by the
       merger agreement;

     - timely and accurate filings with the SEC in compliance with applicable
       rules and regulations;

     - absence of undisclosed liabilities;

     - environmental matters;

     - employee benefits and ERISA compliance;

     - absence of certain adverse changes or events;

     - material litigation, material judgments or injunctions and absence of
       undisclosed investigations or litigation;

     - tax matters;

     - fairness opinions of financial advisors;

     - required vote of Patterson stockholders to approve the merger and related
       amendments to the Patterson restated certificate of incorporation;

     - eligibility of the merger for pooling-of-interests accounting treatment;

     - labor and employee matters;

     - title to property;

     - material contracts;

     - government licenses and permits;

     - brokers; and

     - state takeover laws.

     
The representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement will
not survive the merger, but they form the basis of certain conditions to our
obligations to complete the merger.
Certain agreements in the merger agreement
will survive the effective time of the merger.

COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

     
The parties have each undertaken certain covenants in the merger agreement.

The following summarizes the more significant of these covenants.

     
Mutual Covenants.  
In the merger agreement both parties have undertaken to
perform the following covenants:

     - take all reasonable actions necessary to comply promptly with all legal
       requirements that may be imposed with respect to the merger, including
       furnishing all information required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and
       in connection with approvals of or filings of any other governmental
       entity;

     - take all actions necessary to obtain any consent, acquiescence,
       authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption or nonopposition
       by, any governmental entity or court required to be obtained in
       connection with the merger or the taking of any action contemplated by
       the merger agreement;

     - file a premerger notification and report from under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
       Act with respect to the merger and use reasonable efforts to properly
       respond to any request for additional information under the
       Hart-Scott-Rodino Act; and

     - use all reasonable efforts to take or cause to be taken all action
       necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the merger, including:

         - obtaining of all necessary actions, waivers, consents, and approvals
           from governmental entities,

         - obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third
           parties,

         - defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings challenging the
           merger agreement, and

         - executing and delivering any additional instruments necessary to
           complete the merger transaction;


In addition, each of us will use our best efforts to cause the merger to be
treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code and will furnish such certificates as may be requested by legal
counsel to each of us in connection with the rendering of an opinion to the
effect that the merger will constitute a Section 368(a) reorganization.

     Covenants of Patterson.  
Patterson has agreed:

     - to promptly call a meeting of Patterson stockholders for the purpose of
       voting upon the merger and the proposed amendments to the Patterson
       restated certificate of incorporation and use reasonable best efforts to
       obtain Patterson stockholder approval of these matters;

     - through the Patterson board of directors, to recommend to Patterson
       stockholders the approval of the merger and the two proposed amendments
       to Patterson's restated certificate of incorporation, subject to the
       Patterson board of directors' fiduciary duties under applicable law;

     - as soon as practicable to prepare and file this document and a
       registration statement with the SEC, and to use reasonable best efforts
       to have the registration statement declared effective by the SEC;

     - to use reasonable best efforts to list on the Nasdaq National Market the
       shares of Patterson's common stock to be issued in connection with the
       merger and pursuant to the UTI options and warrants to be assumed by
       Patterson as a part of the merger;

     - to cause each person that may be an "affiliate" of Patterson for purposes
       of Rule 145 of the Securities Act to execute and deliver to Patterson and
       to UTI certain written undertakings at least 30 days before the expected
       effective time of the merger;

     - to indemnify the present and former officers and directors of UTI to the
       fullest extent that such persons may be indemnified pursuant to UTI's
       restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws for acts or omissions
       occurring prior to or at the effective time of the merger and to provide
       the current directors and officers of UTI with an insurance and
       indemnification policy for a period of six years covering events
       occurring through the effective time at an annual cost not to exceed two
       times the annual cost of UTI's current coverage;

     - to provide officers and employees of UTI, who continue as Patterson
       employees, with employee benefits under plans and programs, which, in the
       aggregate, are no less favorable than those provided pursuant to
       Patterson's plans and programs in effect on the date of the merger
       agreement for the benefit of the officers and employees of Patterson;

     - to assume all UTI stock options outstanding under UTI's stock option
       plans in effect on the date of the merger agreement;

     - promptly after the effective time of the merger, to prepare and file with
       the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 to register shares of
       Patterson common stock issuable upon exercise of each stock option of UTI
       outstanding under the UTI stock option plans in effect on the date of the
       merger agreement to be converted at the effective time into a stock
       option to acquire shares of Patterson common stock; and

     - to assume all UTI warrants to purchase UTI common stock outstanding on
       the date of the merger agreement.

     Covenants of UTI.  
UTI has agreed:

     - to promptly call a meeting of UTI stockholders for the purpose of voting
       upon the merger and use reasonable best efforts to obtain UTI stockholder
       approval of these matters;

     - through the UTI board of directors, to recommend to UTI stockholders the
       approval of the merger, subject to the UTI board of directors' fiduciary
       duties under applicable law; and

     - to cause each person that may be an "affiliate" of UTI for purposes of
       Rule 145 of the Securities Act to execute and deliver to Patterson and to
       UTI certain written undertakings at least 30 days before the expected
       effective time of the merger.


ACTIONS

     Patterson and UTI have agreed that until the effective time of the merger,
they will, among other things:

     - conduct their individual businesses in the usual and ordinary course
       consistent with past practice; and

     - use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact their business
       organizations, retain the services of their officers and employees and
       maintain their relationships with its customers and suppliers.

     
In addition, Patterson and UTI have agreed that, except as contemplated by
the merger agreement, as set forth in the disclosure schedules or with the
consent of the other party, neither party will take any of the following
actions:

     - increase the compensation payable to any employee other than in the
       course of ordinary business, enter into any employment agreement,
       severance agreement, or deferred compensation arrangement, or adopt or
       amend any employee benefit plan;

     - declare or pay any dividend or other distribution in respect of
       outstanding shares of capital stock, subject to certain exceptions;

     - redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire its shares or options, warrants or
       other rights of its securities or those of its subsidiaries, subject to
       certain exceptions, or effect any recapitalization, split, combination or
       reclassification of any of its securities or those of any of its
       subsidiaries;

     - issue, deliver, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any of its shares or
       other securities, subject to certain exceptions, or grant any rights,
       options or warrants to acquire its securities;

     - acquire any equity interest in or assets of any entity in a transaction
       exceeding $1.0 million or a series of transactions exceeding $5.0
       million, except in accordance with ordinary business operations;

     - dispose of any material business, line of business or assets, except in
       accordance with ordinary business operations;

     - amend its restated certificate of incorporation or amend in any material
       way its bylaws, except as required in the merger agreement;

     - change any material election relating to taxes, or settle or compromise
       any matter relating to a tax liability;

     - make any capital expenditures outside the ordinary course of business;

     - incur any debt or guarantee any indebtedness in excess of $4.0 million or
       issue, sell any debt securities, or make any loans, advances or capital
       contributions, with certain exceptions;

     - pay, discharge or satisfy any material claims, liabilities or
       obligations, except as otherwise done in the ordinary course of business
       or in accordance with their terms, adopt a plan of complete or partial
       liquidation or dissolution or restructuring, enter into or amend a
       collective bargaining agreement, change any material accounting principle
       used by it, or settle or compromise any litigation brought against it,
       except where amounts paid in settlement do not exceed $200,000, exclusive
       of insured amounts; or

     - authorize or enter into any agreement to do any of the foregoing.


NO SOLICITATION

     Each party has agreed that it will not, and will use its best efforts to
cause the officers, directors, employees, attorneys, financial advisors, agents
and other representatives and those of any of its subsidiaries to not:

     - directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or
       otherwise intentionally knowingly facilitate, any inquiries or the making
       of any proposal that constitutes a third party "acquisition proposal" of
       the type described below; or

     - directly or indirectly engage in any negotiations concerning, provide any
       confidential information or data to, or have any discussion with, a
       person or entity regarding a third party acquisition proposal of the type
       described below.

     
However, each party is permitted to:

     - comply with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
       1934 with regard to an acquisition proposal of the type described below;
       or

     - furnish information to, or enter into discussions or negotiations with,
       any person or entity in connection with an unsolicited, bona fide,
       written acquisition proposal of the type described below obtained before
       stockholder approval of the merger, or recommend the same to its
       stockholders, if, and only to the extent that:

         - the party's board of directors, after consultation with legal
           counsel, determines in good faith that such action is required for
           the board of directors to comply with its fiduciary duties to its
           stockholders as imposed by the Delaware General Corporation Law; and

         - before furnishing information, the party's board of directors
           receives an executed confidentiality agreement.
The terms of the
           confidentiality agreement must be no less favorable to the other
           party and no less restrictive on the person requesting the
           information than the confidentiality agreement executed by the
           parties to the merger agreement; and

         - before entering into discussions or negotiations with or recommending
           the acquisition proposal, the party's board of directors determine in
           good faith and after consultation with its financial advisor that, in
           light of the information furnished to it relating to such acquisition
           proposal, the acquisition proposal contemplated is reasonably likely
           to be consummated (taking into account all legal, financial and
           regulatory aspects of the proposal) and, if consummated, would result
           in a transaction more favorable to that party's stockholders from a
           financial point of view than the transaction contemplated by the
           merger agreement.

     
Each party agrees to promptly notify the other upon receipt of any
inquiries, proposals or offers related to or constituting an acquisition
proposal and will thereafter keep the other informed of its status and terms.

The notice will include the name of the person making, and the material terms
of, the inquiry, proposal or offer.

     
As used herein, "acquisition proposal" means any proposal or offer with
respect to a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation or similar
transaction involving, or any purchase of all or a substantial portion of the
assets or any equity securities of a party to the merger agreement or any of its
subsidiaries, other than the proposed merger described herein.


ACCOUNTING AND TAX MATTERS

     Patterson and UTI agree that, unless otherwise agreed in writing, neither
shall knowingly take or fail to take any action which would jeopardize:

     - the ability to treat the merger as a pooling-of-interests for accounting
       purposes; or

     - the qualification of the merger as a reorganization within the meaning of
       Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.


ACCESS AND INFORMATION

     Both Patterson and UTI have agreed to allow one another reasonable access
to make such inspections as they may reasonably require, subject to certain
limitations.


STOCK LISTING

     Patterson will use its reasonable best efforts to list the common shares of
the surviving corporation of Patterson-UTI on the Nasdaq National Market.


CLOSING CONDITIONS

     Conditions to Obligations of Both Parties.  
The following conditions, among
others, must be satisfied before the merger, unless waived by the parties to the
merger agreement:

     - the merger agreement and the merger shall have been approved and adopted
       by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of each party's
       common stock;

     - there shall be no order, injunction, or other legal restraint or
       prohibition making illegal or prohibiting the consummation of the merger;

     - UTI and Patterson shall have received certain opinions from their tax and
       legal counsel;

     - the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have
       expired or have been terminated; and

     - the shares of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. common stock to be issued in the
       merger shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq National
       Market, subject to notice of issuance.

     
Conditions to Obligations of Patterson.  
Patterson's obligations to effect
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain additional conditions,
including:

     - the accuracy of UTI's representations and warranties, with such
       exceptions as provided in the merger agreement; and

     - UTI's performance in all material respects of its obligations under the
       merger agreement.

     
Conditions to Obligations of UTI.  
UTI's obligations to effect the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of certain additional conditions, including:

     - the accuracy of Patterson's representations and warranties, with such
       exceptions as provided in the merger agreement;

     - Patterson's performance in all material respects of its obligations under
       the merger agreement;

     - the execution and delivery of the Warrant Assumption Agreements and Stock
       Option Assumption Agreements by Patterson; and

     - Patterson's causing the number of directors comprising the full board of
       directors of Patterson to increase from seven directors to 11 directors
       and further causing five new directors designated by UTI to be elected to
       the board of directors of the combined company.


TERMINATION

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time before the merger, only
in the following ways:

     - by mutual written consent of Patterson and UTI;

     - by either Patterson or UTI, if certain final, nonappealable orders,
       decrees or rulings prevent the consummation of the merger;

     - by either Patterson or UTI, if the merger does not occur by June 30,
       2001, although either party can extend this deadline to August 31, 2001
       to obtain any governmental consents.
This right to

       terminate will not be available to any party that has breached its
       material obligations in any way that shall have proximately contributed
       to the failure of the merger to be consummated;

     - by either Patterson or UTI, if either party holds the special
       stockholders' meeting but the merger agreement does not receive the
       required stockholder approval;

     - by Patterson if

         - a breach by UTI of any of its covenants, representations or
           warranties that cannot be cured causes certain conditions not to be
           satisfied;

         - (i) Patterson's stockholders have not approved the merger, (ii)
           Patterson's board of directors authorizes Patterson to enter into a
           binding written agreement in connection with an acquisition proposal
           without materially violating the merger agreement and notifies UTI of
           same (iii) UTI has not made an offer to Patterson that is at least as
           favorable as the acquisition proposal within five business days of
           receipt of such notice, and (iv) Patterson has paid to UTI, at UTI's
           request, a $32.5 million termination fee, plus out-of-pocket costs
           and expenses up to a maximum of $2.5 million; or

         - UTI's stockholders do not approve the merger and Patterson is not in
           material violation of the terms of the merger agreement and has not
           entered into a binding agreement in connection with an acquisition
           proposal; or

     - by UTI if

         - a breach by Patterson of any of its covenants, representations or
           warranties that cannot be cured causes certain conditions not to be
           satisfied;

         - (i) UTI's stockholders have not approved the merger, (ii) UTI's board
           of directors authorizes UTI to enter into a binding written agreement
           in connection with an acquisition proposal without materially
           violating the merger agreement and notifies Patterson of same (iii)
           Patterson has not made an offer to UTI that is at least as favorable
           as the acquisition proposal within five business days of receipt of
           such notice, and (iv) UTI has paid to Patterson, at Patterson's
           request, a $32.5 million termination fee, plus out of pocket costs
           and expenses up to a maximum of $2.5 million; or

         - Patterson's stockholders do not approved the merger and UTI is not in
           material violation of the terms of the merger agreement and has not
           entered into a binding agreement in connection with an acquisition
           proposal.


FEES, EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYMENTS

     Upon completion of the merger, all costs borne by Patterson and UTI will be
borne by Patterson-UTI.

     
Whether or not the merger is consummated, Patterson and UTI will bear their
own costs and expenses in connection with the merger agreement and the related
transactions, except that Patterson and UTI will share equally the costs and
expenses related to printing, filing and mailing all Securities and Exchange
Commission and other regulatory filings related to these transactions.

     
If a party terminates the merger agreement after the other party's
stockholders fail to approve the merger at a stockholders' meeting, and the
terminating party is not in material breach of the merger agreement and has not
entered into a binding agreement in connection with an acquisition proposal, the
terminating party will receive a termination fee of $2.5 million from the other
party within two days after a written request for payment has been made.

     
If the agreement is terminated by either party because of the failure to
obtain stockholder approval of the merger, and the party whose stockholders
failed to approve the merger has also received an acquisition

proposal, the party receiving the acquisition proposal shall pay the other party
a termination fee of $32.5 million within two days after a written request for
payment has been made.

     
In either event, the party receiving the termination fee may be reimbursed
for out-of-pocket costs and expenses up to a maximum of $2.5 million.


AMENDMENT; WAIVER

     Patterson and UTI may amend the merger agreement by action of their
respective boards of directors at any time before the merger.
However, after the
adoption of the merger agreement by the stockholders of UTI, no amendment may be
made which in any way changes the share exchange ratio or adversely affects the
rights of the UTI stockholders without approval of the UTI stockholders.

     
At any time before the merger, Patterson and UTI may extend the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party,
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other party,
or waive compliance with any conditions or agreements by the other party that
may be legally waived.

                             
INFORMATION ABOUT UTI

BUSINESS

     UTI is a leading provider of onshore contract drilling services to
companies that explore for and produce oil and natural gas.
UTI's drilling rigs
operate in the oil and natural gas producing basins of the states of Texas, New
Mexico, Oklahoma and Louisiana and in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia
and Saskatchewan, Canada.
As of February 9, 2001, UTI had a drilling fleet of
150 land drilling rigs, of which 111 were "active rigs," which are rigs that
were generating revenue.
UTI also provides pressure pumping services in the
Appalachian basin.

     
Beginning in 1995, UTI decided to expand its land drilling operations.
To
effect this strategy, UTI disposed of its oilfield distribution business in
September 1995 and embarked on an acquisition program aimed at expanding UTI's
presence in the oil and natural gas producing regions in the United States.

Under this strategy, UTI has acquired 132 rigs since 1995.
During this same time
period, UTI disposed of nine rigs primarily in the Appalachian Basin.
UTI sold
five of the nine disposed rigs in 1999.

     
Due to UTI's acquisitions of drilling rigs and favorable market conditions,
UTI has experienced a significant increase in revenues over the last few years.

In 2000, UTI had revenues from operations of $275,543,000, as compared to
$155,775,000 in 1999 and $186,157,000 in 1998.

     
UTI's land drilling customers include major oil companies and various sized
independent producers.
UTI follows a policy of keeping its drilling rigs
technologically competitive and well maintained and also continuously maintains
its pressure pumping equipment.

     
UTI's rigs can drill to depths ranging from 8,000 to 30,000 feet.
During
2000, UTI's average utilization rate was 62%, up from 43% for year 1999.
In the
fourth quarter of 2000, UTI's average utilization rate was 70%.

     
UTI had approximately 2,772 employees as of February 9, 2001, 2,633 of
which were field personnel and 139 of which served in selling and administrative
capacities.
UTI's principal executive offices are located at 16800 Greenspoint
Park Drive, Suite 225N, Houston, Texas 77060, and its telephone number is (281)
873-4111.
UTI's contract land drilling services are performed through regional
drilling units with regional drilling offices located in Midland, Tyler and
Victoria, Texas; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; and Calgary, Alberta.

     
You can obtain additional information about UTI in the reports and other
documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

See "Where You Can Find More Information.
"

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF UTI'S COMMON STOCK

     The following table sets forth, as of February 24, 2001, the stock
ownership of UTI's named executive officers and directors individually, all
directors and executive officers as a group and each person known by UTI to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5% of UTI's common stock:

NAME OF                                                    AMOUNT AND NATURE OF   PERCENT
BENEFICIAL OWNER                                           BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP   OF CLASS
- ----------------                                           --------------------   
--------

Other Beneficial Owners:
  REMY Capital Partners III, L.P.........................       4,729,524(1)        12.6%
  1801 Century Park East, Suite 1111
  Los Angeles, CA 90067

  REMY Investors & Consultants, Incorporated.............       4,729,524(1)        12.6%
  1801 Century Park East, Suite 1111
  Los Angeles, CA 90067

NAME OF                                                    AMOUNT AND NATURE OF   PERCENT
BENEFICIAL OWNER                                           BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP   OF CLASS
- ----------------                                           --------------------   --------

Directors and Named Executive Officers:
  Mark S. Siegel.........................................       5,765,191(1)        14.9%
  Vaughn E. Drum.........................................         522,567(2)         1.4%
  Kenneth N. Berns.......................................         201,667(3)           *
  Curtis W. Huff.........................................          30,000(4)           *
  Terry H. Hunt..........................................          30,000(4)           *
  Nadine C. Smith........................................          30,000(4)           *
  Robert B. Spears.......................................          34,200(4)           *
  John E. Vollmer III....................................          88,400(2)           *
  Bruce Sauers...........................................           4,500(2)           *
(All directors and executive officers as a group -- 9
  persons)...............................................       6,706,525(5)        17.1%

- ---------------

 *  indicates less than 1.0%

(1) The common stock beneficially owned by REMY Investors, which is the general
    partner of REMY Capital, includes the 4,729,524 shares of common stock owned
    by REMY Capital.
The common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Siegel, who is
    the President and sole stockholder of REMY Investors, includes the 4,729,524
    shares of common stock beneficially owned by REMY Investors as well as
    presently exercisable options held by Mr. Siegel to purchase 1,035,667
    shares of common stock, but does not include 244,333 shares underlying stock
    options held by Mr. Siegel, which options are not presently exercisable
    within sixty days.


(2) Includes shares underlying presently exercisable stock options held by the
    following individuals in the following amounts: Mr. Drum, 150,167 shares,
    Mr. Vollmer, 88,400 shares and Mr. Sauers, 4,500 shares.
Does not include
    shares underlying stock options held by the following individuals in the
    following amounts: Mr. Drum, 104,833 shares, Mr. Vollmer, 240,000 shares and
    Mr. Sauers, 31,500 shares that are not presently exercisable and will not
    become exercisable within sixty days.


(3) Represents presently exercisable options owned by Mr. Berns to purchase
    201,667 shares.
Does not include 88,333 shares underlying options that are
    not presently exercisable within 60 days and does not include shares of
    common stock beneficially owned by REMY Investors by whom Mr. Berns is
    employed.
Mr. Berns disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares
    beneficially owned by REMY Investors.


(4) Includes presently exercisable options owned by Messrs. Huff, Hunt and
    Spears and Ms. Smith to purchase 30,000 shares.
Does not include 7,500
    shares underlying stock options held by Messrs. Huff, Hunt and Spears and
    Ms. Smith that are not presently exercisable and will not become exercisable
    within sixty days.


(5) Includes presently exercisable options to purchase 1,600,401 shares of
    common stock.
Does not include options to purchase 738,999 shares owned by
    such individuals that are not exercisable within 60 days.


Except as stated herein, UTI is not aware of any arrangements which may result
in a change in control of UTI and each stockholder has sole voting and
investment power with respect to UTI's common stock included in the above table.


DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     Set forth below is the name, age and position as of February 23, 2001 of
each of the directors and executive officers of UTI.
Pursuant to UTI's bylaws,
directors are elected to serve for three-year terms until their successors are
elected or their earlier resignation or removal.
Class I directors' terms expire
in 2001, Class II directors' terms expire in 2002 and Class III directors' terms
expire in 2003.
Each director

who will be a director of Patterson-UTI following the merger is so designated by
an asterisk (*) next to his or her name.


NAME                                    AGE                  POSITION
- ----                                    ---                  --------

Mark S. Siegel*.......................  49    Chairman of the Board and Class II
                                                Director (director since 1995)
Vaughn E. Drum*.......................  55    President, Chief Executive Officer and
                                                Class III Director (director since
                                                1986)
Kenneth N. Berns*.....................  41    Class II Director (director since
                                              1995)

Curtis W. Huff*.......................  43    Class I Director (director since 1997)

Terry H. Hunt.........................  52    Class I Director (director since 1994)

Nadine C. Smith*......................  43    Class I Director (director since 1995)

Robert B. Spears......................  74    Class III Director (director since
                                              1994)

John E. Vollmer III...................  45    Senior Vice President, Secretary,
                                              Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
Bruce Sauers..........................  37    Vice President and Corporate
                                              Controller

     Mark S. Siegel -- Mr. Siegel has served as Chairman of the Board and a
director of UTI since March 14, 1995.
Mr. Siegel has been President of REMY
Investors & Consultants, Incorporated ("REMY Investors") since 1993.
From 1992
to 1993, Mr. Siegel was President, Music Division, Blockbuster Entertainment
Corp.
From 1988 through 1992, Mr. Siegel was an Executive Vice President of
Shamrock Holdings, Inc. and Managing Director of Shamrock Capital Advisors,
Incorporated.
Mr. Siegel is also Chairman of the Board and a director of
Variflex Inc.
Mr. Siegel holds a B.A. from Colgate University and a J.D. from
Boalt Hall School of Law.

     
Vaughn E. Drum -- Mr. Drum has served as President, Chief Executive Officer
and a director of UTI since December 1986.
From 1980 through November 1986, Mr.
Drum served in various capacities for UGI Development Company, a subsidiary of
UGI Corporation.
Mr. Drum holds a B.S. in Petroleum Engineering from Marietta
College.

     
Kenneth N. Berns -- Mr. Berns has served as a director of UTI since May 24,
1995.
Mr. Berns has been an executive with REMY Investors since 1994.
Prior to
that time, Mr. Berns was an executive at a real estate development company and
at an investment banking firm, and a senior manager in the financial advisory
services practice area of a national accounting firm.
Mr. Berns is also a
director of Variflex Inc.
Mr. Berns is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a
Bachelors Degree in Business Administration from San Diego State University and
a Masters Degree in Taxation from Golden Gate University.

     
Curtis W. Huff -- Mr. Huff is the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Grant Prideco, Inc., a manufacturer of engineered oilfield tubular products, and
has served in that capacity since February 5, 2001.
From January 2000 to
February 2001, Mr. Huff served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and General Counsel of Weatherford International, Inc., a global
oilfield service company.
He served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel
of Weatherford from May 1998 to January 2000.
Prior to that time, Mr. Huff was a
partner with the law firm of Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P., our counsel, and held
that position for more than five years.

     
Terry H. Hunt -- Mr. Hunt is an energy consultant and investor.
He served
as Senior Vice President -- Strategic Planning of PPL Corporation, an
international electricity and natural gas supplier, from 1998 to 2000 following
the merger of Penn Fuel Gas, Inc. into PPL.
Mr. Hunt served as the President and
Chief Executive Officer of Penn Fuel Gas, Inc., a natural gas and propane
distribution company, from 1992 to 1999.
From 1989 to 1992, Mr. Hunt was
President and Chairman of Carnegie Natural Gas Company, a gas distribution and
transportation company and of Apollo Gas Company, a natural gas distributor.

From 1984 through 1988, he served as Vice President of Delhi Gas Pipeline
Corporation, an interstate pipeline company.
Mr. Hunt holds a Bachelor of
Engineering degree from the University of Saskatchewan, Canada and a M.B.A. from
Southern Methodist University.

     
Nadine C. Smith -- Ms. Smith is the President of Aegis Asset Management,
Inc. and has served in that capacity since April 2000.
Prior to April 2000, Ms.
Smith was President and Chief Executive Officer of Enidan Capital Corp., an
investment company that makes equity investments in public and privately held
companies.
Previously, Ms. Smith was an investment banker and principal with NC
Smith & Co. and The First Boston Corporation and a management consultant with
McKinsey & Co.
Ms. Smith is a director of American Retirement Corporation, Aegis
Asset Management and American Southwest Holdings.
Ms. Smith earned a bachelors
degree in economics from Smith College and a masters degree in business from
Yale University.

     
Robert B. Spears -- Since 1989, Mr. Spears has served as the Chairman and
Vice President, Business Development of Spears & Associates, Inc., a firm which
he founded in 1965.
Spears & Associates is a leading research-based consulting
firm to the oil and natural gas industry worldwide.

     
John E. Vollmer III -- Mr. Vollmer joined UTI in July 1998 and serves as
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer.
Mr.
Vollmer was a financial consultant from October 1997 until joining UTI in 1998.

From 1992 until October 1997, Mr. Vollmer served in a variety of capacities at
Blockbuster Entertainment, including Senior Vice President-Finance and Chief
Financial Officer of Blockbuster Entertainment's Music Division.
Mr. Vollmer is
a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.A. in Accounting from Michigan State
University.

     
Bruce Sauers -- Mr. Sauers has served as Vice President of UTI since August
1998 and as Corporate Controller since December 1996.
Prior to joining UTI in
1996, Mr. Sauers was a manager in a regional public accounting firm.
Mr. Sauers
is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.S. in Business Administration
from Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania.


BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS

     The UTI board of directors has an executive committee, a compensation
committee and an audit committee.
The UTI board of directors has not established
a nominating committee.

     
The executive committee, which is composed of Messrs. Drum and Siegel, has
the authority to act for the UTI board in all matters permitted to be delegated
to it by law that arise between regular and special meetings of the UTI board.

The executive committee met informally on numerous occasions during the year
ended December 31, 2000.

     
The UTI compensation committee, which is composed of Messrs. Hunt and
Spears, administers the employee stock option plan and similar plans of UTI and
determines the annual compensation to be paid to the executive officers of UTI.

The UTI compensation committee met one time during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000.
The UTI compensation committee's report on executive
compensation for the fiscal year 2000 appears below.

     
The UTI audit committee, is charged with recommending to the entire UTI
board the engagement and discharge of independent auditors of the financial
statements of UTI, reviewing the professional service provided by independent
auditors, reviewing the independence of independent auditors, reviewing with the
auditors the plan and results of the audit engagement, considering the range of
audit and non-audit fees, reviewing the adequacy of UTI's system of internal
accounting controls, reviewing the results of procedures for internal auditing
and consulting with the internal auditor of UTI with respect to all aspects of
UTI's internal auditing program.
The UTI audit committee met once during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
The UTI audit committee's report appears
below.

     
The UTI board of directors met five times during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000.
Each director attended, in person or by telephone, at least
75% of the meetings held by the UTI board of directors and by the committees on
which the director served.


AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

     The UTI audit committee has reviewed and discussed UTI's audited financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2000 with management.
The UTI audit
committee also discussed with Ernst & Young LLP, certified public accountants,
the independent auditors and accountants for UTI, the matters required to be
discussed by SAS 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU
Section 380) with respect to those statements.

     
The UTI audit committee has received the written disclosures and the letter
from Ernst & Young LLP required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1
(Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1, Independence Discussions with
Audit Committees) and have discussed with Ernst & Young LLP its independence in
connection with its audit of UTI's most recent financial statements.
Based on
this review and these discussions, the UTI audit committee recommended to the
UTI board of directors that these audited financial statements be included in
UTI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

     
Kenneth N. Berns, Robert B. Spears and Nadine C. Smith are the members of
the UTI audit committee.
Mr. Spears and Ms. Smith are independent, as defined in
Section 121(B)(b)(ii) of the American Stock Exchange's listing standards.
Mr.
Berns is not independent as defined in that rule because he is an employee of
and received compensation in excess of $60,000 from UTI.
In addition, Mr. Berns
is an executive employee of and received compensation in excess of $60,000
during fiscal year 2000 from, REMY Investors & Consultants Incorporated, a
beneficial owner of greater than 10% of the outstanding shares of UTI common
stock.
The UTI board of directors has, nonetheless, determined that Mr. Berns'
membership on the UTI audit committee is required by the best interests of UTI
and its stockholders.
The UTI board determined that Mr. Berns' relationship with
this beneficial owner of UTI common stock does not in any way impair his
independence from UTI's management.
To the contrary, Mr. Berns provides
substantial, direct stockholder representation on the UTI audit committee.

     
The UTI board of directors has adopted a written charter for the UTI audit
committee, a copy of which is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
as Annex F.

     The information in the foregoing four paragraphs shall not be deemed to be
soliciting material, or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or
14C or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall it be
deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate these
paragraphs by reference.

                  
The UTI Audit Committee of the UTI Board of Directors

                    Mr. Kenneth N. Berns
                    Ms. Nadine C. Smith
                    Mr. Robert B. Spears

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

  Summary Compensation Table

     The following table sets forth information concerning compensation for
2000, 1999 and 1998 earned by or paid to the executive officers of UTI listed
below:

     - UTI's Chief Executive Officer and

     - other executive officers of UTI who earned more that $100,000 in 2000.

                           
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                                                                   LONG-TERM COMPENSATION AWARDS
                                                                            -------------------------------------------
                                            ANNUAL COMPENSATION                          SECURITIES
                                  ---------------------------------------   RESTRICTED   UNDERLYING
NAME AND PRINCIPAL                                        OTHER ANNUAL        STOCK       OPTIONS         ALL OTHER
POSITION                   YEAR   SALARY $   BONUS $    COMPENSATION(1) $    AWARD(S)     SARS(#)     COMPENSATION(3)
$
- ------------------         ----   --------   --------   -----------------   ----------   ----------   -----------------

Vaughn E. Drum...........  2000   216,545     35,000             --             --             --           3,985
  President and Chief      1999   170,040     25,000             --             --        170,000           3,270
  Executive Officer        1998   170,040    200,000             --             --         25,000(4)        3,229
Mark S. Siegel...........  2000   121,154         --             --             --             --              --
  Chairman of the Board    1999   100,000         --             --             --        180,000              --
                           1998   100,000         --             --             --        770,000(4)           --
John E. Vollmer III(5)...  2000   188,077     35,000             --             --             --           3,762
  Senior Vice President,   1999   150,000     25,000             --             --        200,000           2,140
  Treasurer and Chief      1998    63,462     26,250          8,615(2)          --        250,000              --
  Financial Officer
Bruce Sauers.............  2000    92,000     20,000             --             --         13,000           1,822
  Vice President and
  Chief                    1999    79,307     20,000             --             --         30,000           1,190
  Accounting Officer       1998    68,500         --             --             --         15,000(4)        1,447

- ---------------

(1) The aggregate amounts of perquisites and other personal benefits, securities
    or property is less than 10% of each executive officer's combined annual
    salary and bonus during the applicable year.


(2) Relates to consultant services provided prior to employment.


(3) Amounts set forth for 2000, 1999 and 1998 reflect UTI's contributions or
    other allocations to defined contribution plans.


(4) In August 1998, the Board of Directors of UTI approved the repricing of
    options to purchase an aggregate of 1,486,750 shares granted to employees of
    UTI during 1998 and 1997.
Pursuant to such action, Messrs. Drum, Siegel and
    Sauers had options to purchase 25,000, 770,000 and 2,500 shares of common
    stock, respectively, which were repriced and are included in this table as
    new grants during 1998 although new options were not actually granted as a
    result of such repricing.


(5) Mr. Vollmer became an officer of UTI in July 1998.

  
Compensation Pursuant to Employee Benefit Plans

     UTI maintains several plans intended to provide incentives to its key
employees.
These plans are described below:

     Incentive Compensation Plan.  
UTI maintains an Incentive Compensation Plan
under which certain employees of UTI and its subsidiaries may be eligible to
receive a cash bonus following each calendar year based on a comparison of
financial performance against targets established for each plan year.
In
addition, certain corporate office employees may receive annual bonuses on a
discretionary basis.

     
Norton 1997 Stock Option Plan.  
In July of 1999, UTI acquired Norton
Drilling Services, Inc.
Norton Drilling Services, Inc. had a stock option plan
which UTI assumed.
The options vest over three years.
No further shares of
common stock are available for grant under the plan.

     
1996 Employee Stock Option Plan.  
In August 1996, UTI's stockholders
approved UTI's 1996 employee stock option plan.
Under the this plan, UTI can
award options on up to 1,800,000 shares of common stock to certain employees of
UTI and its subsidiaries at a price equal to the fair market value of the stock
at the date the option is granted.
In August of 1998 certain of the options were
repriced to the fair market value on the date of repricing.
During 1999 and
2000, UTI awarded options to purchase 178,000 shares of common stock under the
1996 Plan.
The 1996 employee stock option plan currently is administered by
UTI's compensation committee, and there are 12,600 shares of common stock
available for grant under the 1996 Plan.

     
1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan.  
In August 1997, UTI's stockholders approved
UTI's 1997 long-term incentive plan.
Under this plan, UTI may grant stock
options, stock appreciation rights issued independent or in tandem with such
options, restricted stock awards and performance awards to certain employees of
UTI and its subsidiaries.
In August of 1998, certain of the options were
repriced to the fair market value on the date of repricing.
In June 1999, UTI's
stockholders increased the number of shares of common stock authorized for
issuance under the 1997 long-term incentive plan from 1,200,000 to 3,000,000.
In
July 2000, UTI's stockholders increased the number of shares of common stock
authorized for issuance under the 1997 plan from 3,000,000 to 3,800,000.
Options
are to be granted at a price not less than the fair market value of the common
stock on the date the option is granted.
During 1999 and 2000, UTI awarded
options to purchase 1,563,000 shares of common stock.
The options that have been
granted under the this plan vest over zero to five years.
The 1997 long-term
incentive plan currently is administered by UTI's compensation committee, and
there are currently 1,214,800 shares of common stock available for grant.


OPTION GRANTS IN 2000

     The following table sets forth information regarding grants of stock
options to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table above:

                           2000 OPTION AND SAR GRANTS

                                                                                    POTENTIAL REALIZABLE
                                                                                   VALUE AT ASSUMED ANNUAL
                            NUMBER OF     % OF TOTAL                                RATES OF STOCK PRICE
                           SECURITIES    OPTIONS/SARS                              APPRECIATION FOR OPTION
                           UNDERLYING     GRANTED TO    EXERCISE OR                         TERM
                           OPTIONS/SAR   EMPLOYEES IN   BASE PRICE    EXPIRATION   -----------------------
NAME                         GRANTED     FISCAL YEAR      ($/SH)         DATE        5%($)        10%($)
- ----                       -----------   ------------   -----------   ----------   ----------   
----------

Bruce Sauers.............    13,000          2.59%        $15.75       7/26/10      $128,766     $326,319

AGGREGATE OPTION AND SAR EXERCISES AND OPTION VALUES
AT DECEMBER 31, 2000

     The following table sets forth information concerning stock options
exercised in 2000 and stock options unexercised at December 31, 2000 for the
executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table above:

                        2000 OPTIONS AND SARS EXERCISED
                              AND YEAR END VALUES

                               SHARES                    NUMBER OF UNEXERCISED       VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                              ACQUIRED                      OPTIONS/SARS
AT        IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS/SARS
                                 ON         VALUE          DECEMBER 31, 2000         
AT DECEMBER 31, 2000
NAME                          EXERCISE   REALIZED($)   EXERCISABLE/UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE/UNEXERCISABLE
- ----                          --------   -----------   -------------------------   
-------------------------

Vaughn E. Drum..............  283,920     3,702,405         141,667/113,333         $ 4,009,543/$3,169,782
Mark S. Siegel..............       --            --         993,333/286,667         $28,041,865/$8,012,510
John E. Vollmer III.........  121,600     2,224,838          61,733/266,667         $ 1,726,464/$7,454,175
Bruce Sauers................   28,000       353,901           3,000/ 33,000         $     83,906/$ 782,000

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

     Directors who are employees of UTI do not receive any additional
compensation for serving as a director or as a member of a committee of the UTI
board of directors.
UTI's non-employee directors are each entitled to receive:

     - an annual retainer fee of $5,000;

     - $700 for each regular or special board of directors meeting attended; and

     - $500 for each committee meeting attended.

     
All UTI directors have been and will be reimbursed for reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at board of
directors meetings and committee meetings.

     
UTI maintains a non-employee director stock option plan.
Under this
director plan:

     - options to purchase up to an aggregate of 600,000 shares of UTI common
       stock may be granted;

     - the purchase price per share shall be equal to the fair market value of
       UTI common stock as of the date of the grant;

     - a grant of an option to purchase 15,000 shares of UTI common stock is
       awarded to each non-employee director as of the date he or she is first
       elected;

     - automatic grants of an option to purchase 7,500 shares of UTI common
       stock occur on December 31 of each year to each non-employee director who
       has served for a period of at least one year;

     - options to purchase 30,000 shares of UTI common stock were awarded
       pursuant to this provision in 2000;

     - no options will be granted after December 18, 2005; and

     - all options issued expire five years from the date of grant.

     
Messrs. Siegel, Berns and Drum each participate in UTI's 1996 Employee
Stock Option Plan and the 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan and receive salaries in
their capacities as employees of UTI.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

     Annual Salaries and Other Cash Compensation.  
In November 1997, the UTI
board of directors delegated to the UTI compensation committee the
responsibility to administer UTI's stock option plans and to determine
compensation levels for the executive officers.
Prior to such time, the UTI
board of directors had administered UTI's stock option plans and had approved
compensation levels for the executive officers based upon recommendations of the
UTI compensation committee.

     
In considering the amount and form of compensation to be provided for the
executive officers of UTI, the UTI compensation committee took into
consideration:

     - the size of UTI;

     - UTI's financial results and condition;

     - the nature of UTI's business;

     - business conditions in the oil and gas field services and supplies
       industries;

     - UTI's competitive position in the labor market for skilled executives;
       and

     - amounts paid by other firms to attract and retain executives of
       comparable competence and experience.

     
UTI has sought to provide salaries that are competitive but not excessive
and to provide incentive compensation, in the form of performance related
bonuses under the UTI incentive compensation plan, to encourage executive
performance.
The incentive compensation plan also is intended to diminish, for
successful employees, any potential competitive shortfall in their cash
compensation.

     
The compensation of Mr. Drum, UTI's President and Chief Executive Officer,
was established to reflect the views of UTI's board and compensation committee
regarding his experience and performance, and the performance of UTI in light of
prevailing competitive conditions.
The UTI compensation committee believes that
Mr. Drum is primarily responsible for the implementation of UTI board policies.

Mr. Drum has been effective in integrating acquisitions and positioning UTI to
take advantage of

improvements in demand and prices for UTI's services as they occur.
Mr. Drum's
compensation is intended to reflect these views and to provide him incentives to
continue his successful leadership of UTI.
In March 2000, Mr. Drum's annual
salary was increased to $225,000.

     
Compensation Pursuant to Employee Benefit Plans.  
It is the general policy
of UTI to review stock-based compensation on an annual basis.
Awards of
stock-based compensation reflect the UTI board's and compensation committee's
desire to provide UTI employees who have substantial responsibility for UTI's
management and growth with additional incentives by increasing their proprietary
interest in the success of UTI.
The decision whether to grant stock options to
any particular employee is based upon a variety of factors, including position,
performance, current share and stock option ownership and the need to insure the
continued employment of the employee with UTI.
Grants of 501,000 stock options
were made to UTI's employees during 2000.

     
Section 162(m) Deduction Limitation.  
Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code imposes a limitation on deductions that can be taken by a publicly
held corporation for compensation paid to certain of its executive officers.

Under Section 162(m), a deduction is denied for compensation paid in a tax year
beginning on or after January 1, 1994, to the named executive officers to the
extent that such compensation exceeds $1 million per individual.
Stock option
grants pursuant to UTI's employee benefit plans may be exempt from the deduction
limit if certain requirements are met.
The UTI board of directors and the
compensation committee has considered the effect of Section 162(m) on UTI's
existing compensation program.

          
The UTI Compensation Committee of the UTI Board of Directors

                               Mr. Terry H. Hunt
                              Mr. Robert B. Spears

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS

     UTI has an employment agreement with Mr. Drum.
The annual salary currently
payable under such agreement is $225,000, which may be increased by UTI's board
of directors or the compensation committee.
In addition, the agreement provides
that UTI's board of directors, in its discretion, may determine to pay Mr. Drum
additional compensation in the form of bonuses or incentive compensation.
The
agreement has an initial term of five years continuing through December 2000,
and automatically extends for an additional year upon the completion of the
five-year term unless either party provides notice to the other of the intention
to terminate such contract 120 days prior to the termination date.
In addition,
the employment agreement entitles Mr. Drum to receive four weeks paid vacation
per year and to participate fully in all employee plans and fringe benefit
programs established by UTI after the date of the contract in which other senior
executives of UTI are eligible to participate.

     
In the event of a termination due to Mr. Drum's death or disability, his
estate is entitled to receive:

     - unused vacation pay;

     - a pro-rated portion of any bonus;

     - separation payment not more than 50% of his compensation in the most
       recent calendar year; and

     - vesting of all of his interests, under UTI stock option plans and any
       other employee plans of UTI.

     
In the event Mr. Drum retires in accordance with UTI's retirement policies,
he is entitled to receive:

     - unused vacation pay;

     - a pro-rated portion of any bonus;

     - a separation payment; and

     - vesting of all of his interests in UTI's option or employee plans, but
       only to the extent provided in UTI's employee benefit plans for retiring
       employees.

     
If Mr. Drum is terminated by UTI without cause, or if he terminates his
employment after an adverse change, he is entitled to receive:

     - termination pay of one year's salary;

     - unused vacation pay;

     - a separation payment;

     - the full amount of any bonus;

     - vesting of all of his interests in UTI's option or employee plans; and

     - continuation of all employee benefits, without any increase in cost to
       him, for a period of 18 months following termination.

     
An adverse change is a significant reduction of his authority, duties or
responsibilities, his removal from office, a reduction in his salary or material
reduction in benefits, or a transfer without his consent to a location greater
than 40 miles from his previous work location.
In connection with UTI's
relocation of its corporate headquarters from Wayne, Pennsylvania to Houston,
Texas, UTI agreed to provide relocation assistance if and when Mr. Drum's
employment with UTI is terminated.

     
In 1997, the compensation committee approved employment arrangements with
Messrs. Siegel and Berns providing for annual salaries of $100,000 and $50,000
for a period of five years.
Effective February 20, 2000, the annual salaries of
Messrs. Siegel and Berns increased to $125,000 and $90,000, respectively.
UTI
also has an employment arrangement with Mr. Vollmer.
In the event of a change in
control of UTI, UTI's obligation to pay such salaries would end and Messrs.
Siegel, Berns and Vollmer would each be entitled to payment of one year's salary
and Messrs. Siegel and Berns would be entitled to vesting of all options granted
in connection with such employment arrangements.
Pursuant to the terms of Mr.
Vollmer's option agreements, the options vest on a change of control.
Messrs.
Siegel and Berns are entitled to receive bonuses for extraordinary services
solely within the discretion of the board of directors and compensation
committee.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

     
Prior to November 1997, grants of stock options to UTI's executive officers
and Messrs. Siegel and Berns as well as salary levels of UTI's executive
officers were approved by the full UTI board of directors.
In November 1997, the
UTI board of directors delegated these responsibilities to the UTI compensation
committee, which is comprised of Messrs. Hunt and Spears.
Although the full UTI
board of directors authorized the repricing of options during 1998 (with Messrs.
Siegel, Drum and Berns abstaining), it is intended that the compensation
committee will determine compensation awarded to UTI's executive officers, as
well as Messrs. Siegel and Berns, in the future.


CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     In connection with REMY Capital Partners III, L.P.'s acquisition of its
ownership interest in UTI in March 1995, REMY Capital succeeded to a
registration rights agreement with UTI which provides REMY Capital with the
right to require UTI to use its best efforts to register shares held by REMY
Capital under the Securities Act.
In the event that such rights are exercised in
connection with a primary offering proposed by UTI (or a secondary offering with
which UTI agrees to participate), REMY Capital would bear its pro rata share of
the costs of the offering, other than legal, accounting and printing costs which
UTI shall bear.
In the event that REMY Capital elected to exercise such rights
otherwise than in

connection with an offering proposed by UTI, REMY Capital would bear all costs
of the offering.
These rights continue so long as REMY capital continues to own
the common stock that it acquired.

     
Mr. Siegel, Chairman of the Board of UTI, is President and sole stockholder
of REMY Investors, which is the general partner of REMY Capital.
Mr. Berns, a
director and employee of UTI, is an employee of REMY Investors.


PERFORMANCE GRAPH

     The following graph compares the cumulative stockholder return on UTI's
common stock for the five-year period from December 31, 1995, through December
31, 2000, with the cumulative total return of the Standard and Poor's 500 Stock
Index and a UTI-determined peer group.
UTI's peer group consists of Grey Wolf,
Inc., Nabors Industries, Inc., Key Energy Services, Inc., Patterson Energy, Inc.
and TMBR/ SHARP Drilling Inc.
All of the companies in UTI's peer group are
providers of contract oil and gas land drilling services.
The graph assumes
investment of $100 on December 31, 1995 and reinvestment of all dividends.

                  
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN
                       ASSUMES INITIAL INVESTMENT OF $100

                              [PERFORMANCE GRAPH]

                                   December 31
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        1995     1996      1997      1998      1999       2000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  UTI Energy Corp.      $100   $629.24  $1,380.79  $386.87  $1,230.62  $3,508.51
  S&P 500               $100    122.96     163.98   210.84     255.22     231.98
  Peer Group Index      $100    176.24     311.24   103.15     248.27     498.22

     
The foregoing graphs are based on historical data and are not necessarily
indicative of future performance.
These graphs should not be deemed to be
"soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to the
Regulations of 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of
Section 18 under that act.


COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

     Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires UTI's
officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of
a registered class of UTI's equity securities to file reports of ownership and
changes in ownership with the SEC.
Officers, directors and greater than ten
percent stockholders are required by the regulations promulgated under Section
16(a) to furnish UTI with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

     
Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by it, or
written representations from certain reporting persons that no Forms 5 were
required for those persons.
UTI believes that, during 2000, all filing
requirements applicable to officers, directors, and greater than ten percent
stockholders were complied with.

                          
INFORMATION ABOUT PATTERSON

BUSINESS

     Patterson is one of the leading providers of domestic land drilling
services to major and independent oil and natural gas companies.
Formed in 1978
and reincorporated in 1993 as a Delaware corporation, Patterson conducts
operations in Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Mississippi and Utah.

Patterson has a drilling fleet of 152 rigs, 140 of which are currently
"marketable."
Marketable rigs are rigs that are fully operable.
Patterson
provides drilling and completion fluid services to other oil and natural gas
operators and also engages in the development, exploration, acquisition and
production of oil and natural gas.

     
Patterson has established its reputation for reliable, high quality
drilling equipment and well-trained crews.
Patterson continually seeks to modify
and upgrade its equipment to maximize the performance and capabilities of its
drilling rig fleet, which it believes provides it with a competitive advantage.

Additionally, Patterson has the in-house capability to design, manufacture,
repair, and modify its drilling rigs.

     
Of Patterson's drilling rigs, 95 are capable of drilling to depths of
12,000 feet and greater, including 52 that are capable of drilling to 15,000
feet and greater.
During 2000, Patterson drilled 1,485 wells for 224
non-affiliated customers maintaining an average utilization rate of 74%.

     
Patterson's oil and natural gas activities are designed to complement its
land drilling operations and diversify its overall business strategy.
These
activities are primarily focused in mature producing regions in the Permian
Basin and South Texas.
Oil and natural gas operations comprised approximately 5%
of Patterson's consolidated operation revenues during 2000.
At December 31,
2000, Patterson's proven developed reserves were approximately 1.8 million
barrels of oil equivalent, and it had a present value (discounted at 10% before
income taxes) of estimated future net revenues of approximately $22.8 million.

     
Patterson's drilling and completion fluid services are provided to
operators of oil and gas wells located in its areas of operation, as well as in
the Gulf of Mexico.
Operating revenues derived from these activities constituted
approximately 10% of Patterson's consolidated operating revenues for 2000.

Patterson believes that these services integrate well with its other core
operating activities.
The drilling fluid operations began in 1998 with the
acquisition of Lone Star Mud, Inc., and Tejas Drilling Fluids, Inc.
More
recently, in October 2000, Patterson acquired the fluids division of Ambar,
Inc., with drilling and completion fluids operations in the Gulf of Mexico,
Louisiana, and South Texas.

     
Patterson had 3,062 employees at December 31, 2000.
Patterson's
headquarters are located at 4510 Lamesa Highway, Snyder, Texas, and its
telephone number at that address is (915) 573-1104.
Patterson also has small
offices in Austin, Houston, Midland, San Angelo, Kilgore, LaGrange and Corpus
Christi, Texas, and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Vernal, Utah, Lafayette, Louisiana,
and Hobbs, New Mexico, and 26 yard and stockpoint facilities variously located
in its areas of operations.

     
You can obtain additional information about Patterson in the reports and
other documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
See "Where You Can Find More Information."

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK

     The following table sets forth, as of March 1, 2001, the stock ownership of
Patterson's named executive officers and directors individually, all directors
and executive officers as a group and each person known by Patterson to be the
beneficial owner of more than 5% of Patterson's common stock:

                                                            AMOUNT AND NATURE
                                                              OF BENEFICIAL     PERCENT OF
NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                                      OWNERSHIP(1)        CLASS
- ------------------------                                    -----------------   ----------

AIM Management Group Inc..................................      4,023,410(2)       9.5%
  11 Greenway Plaza, Suite 100
  Houston TX 77046
Cloyce A. Talbott.........................................        608,566(3)       1.6%
A. Glenn Patterson........................................        393,800(4)       1.0%
Robert C. Gist............................................         35,386(5)         *
Vincent A. Rossi, Jr. ....................................         32,000(6)         *
Spencer D. Armour, III....................................         15,400(7)         *
Stephen J. DeGroat........................................          4,100            *
Kenneth R. Peak...........................................             --           --
All executive officers,directors and nominees as a group
  (8 persons).............................................      1,147,752(8)       2.9%

- ---------------

 *  Less than 1%

(1) Shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or
    exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding for computing the
    percentage ownership of the person holding the options, but not deemed
    outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

(2) Number of shares stated was obtained from Schedule 13G/
A filed with the SEC
    by AIM Management Group, Inc., on behalf of itself and its wholly-owned
    subsidiaries, AIM Advisors, Inc. and AIM Capital Management, Inc.

(3) Includes 100,000 shares purchasable under exercisable employee stock
    options.


(4) Includes 266,440 shares purchasable under exercisable employee stock
    options.


(5) Includes 16,000 shares purchasable under exercisable non-employee director
    stock options.


(6) Includes 22,800 shares purchasable under exercisable non-employee director
    stock options.


(7) Includes 14,400 shares purchasable under exercisable employee stock options.


(8) Includes the 455,640 shares purchasable under exercisable employee and
    non-employee director stock options (see Notes 3 through 7 above).


DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     Patterson's board of directors is currently set by board resolution at
seven members.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, the number of members of
Patterson's board will be increased by board resolution to eleven members if the
merger is consummated.
Six of these members will be chosen by Patterson's board
of directors, while five will be chosen by UTI's board of directors.
The board
of directors of Patterson-UTI after the merger will serve until the annual
meeting of Patterson-UTI stockholders in 2002, or until their successors are
elected and qualified.

     
If the merger is not consummated, as soon as practicable after its special
meeting Patterson will hold an annual meeting of its stockholders to elect a
board of directors.

     
The following table sets forth certain information concerning the
individuals who are currently serving as Patterson's board of directors and/or
executive officers.
Those persons who have been chosen to serve as

directors of Patterson-UTI upon consummation of the merger are indicated by an
asterisk (*) next to their name.


NAME                                    AGE          POSITIONS WITH PATTERSON
- ----                                    ---          ------------------------

Cloyce A. Talbott*....................  65    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
                                                Director(1)
A. Glenn Patterson*...................  54    President; Chief Operating Officer;
                                              Director
Robert C. Gist*.......................  60    Director
Vincent A. Rossi, Jr. ................  
43    Director
Spencer D. Armour, III*...............  47    Director
Stephen J. DeGroat*...................  52    Director
Kenneth R. Peak*......................  55    Director
Jonathan D. Nelson....................  32    Vice President-Finance; Chief
                                              Financial Officer; Secretary and
                                                Treasurer

- ---------------

(1) Mr. Talbott is expected to serve as Chief Executive Officer of Patterson-UTI
    following the merger.
Mr. Siegel, currently the Chairman of the Board of UTI
    is expected to serve as Chairman of the board of directors of Patterson-UTI
    following the merger.

     
The following is a brief description of the business experience during the
past five years of each of the individuals listed above:

          Cloyce A. Talbott.  
Mr. Talbott has served as a director of Patterson
     since its incorporation in 1978.
Mr. Talbott co-founded Patterson, served
     as Vice President from 1978 to 1983, and has served as Chairman of the
     Board and Chief Executive Officer since 1983.
He also serves as the Chief
     Executive Officer of each of Patterson's subsidiaries except Patterson (LP)
     LLC and serves as a manager to
Patterson (GP) LLC a wholly-owned subsidiary
     of Patterson.
Mr. Talbott received a Bachelor of Science degree in
     Petroleum Engineering in 1958 from Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas.

          A. Glenn Patterson.  
Mr. Patterson has served as a director of
     Patterson since its incorporation in 1978.
Mr. Patterson co-founded
     Patterson and has served as its President since 1978 and also as Chief
     Operating Officer since 1983.
Mr. Patterson also serves as President of
     each of Patterson's subsidiaries except Patterson (LP) LLC, Lone Star Mud
     LP, LLLP and Ambar Drilling Fluids LP, LLLP and serves as a manager to
     Patterson (GP) LLC.
Mr. Patterson received his Bachelor of Science degree
     in Business in 1970 from Angelo State University, San Angelo, Texas.

          
Robert C. Gist.  
Mr. Gist has served as a director of Patterson since
     1985.
Mr. Gist has served as general legal counsel and advisor to Patterson
     since 1987.
Mr. Gist received a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics in
     1962 and a law degree in 1965 from Southern Methodist University.
Mr. Gist
     serves and the sole manager of Patterson (LP) LLC a wholly-owned subsidiary
     of Patterson.
He is currently self-employed as an attorney and has been for
     at least the past five years.
He has over 20 years experience in the oil
     and gas industry.

          
Vincent A. Rossi, Jr.  
Mr. Rossi has served as a director of Patterson
     since July 30, 1996.
Since 1995, Mr. Rossi has served as a Managing
     Director of Turnberry Capital Management L.P., an investment advisory firm.
     
From March 1991 through 1994, he was a Managing Director of CS First Boston
     and co-founder of the First Boston Special Situations Fund where he was
     jointly responsible for capital commitment.
From 1989 to March 1991, he was
     responsible for proprietary capital commitment in the Distressed Securities
     Group at CS First Boston.
During the prior two years, he was a senior
     member of the Reorganizations Group at CS First Boston.
Mr. Rossi joined CS
     First Boston in 1987 from Odyssey Partners.
He is a 1984 graduate of the
     Harvard Business School and received a B.S., summa cum laude, from the
     Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania in 1980.

          
Spencer D. Armour, III.  
Mr. Armour has served as a director of
     Patterson since July 1999.
Mr. Armour founded Lone Star Mud, Inc. and has
     served as its President from 1986 to 1999.
Patterson acquired Lone Star
     Mud, Inc. as a wholly-owned subsidiary in January 1998.
At the end of 1999
     in a reorganization of its subsidiaries, Patterson converted Lone Star Mud,
     Inc. into a Delaware registered limited liability limited partnership named
     Lone Star Mud LP, LLLP indirectly wholly-owned by Patterson.
Mr. Armour has
     served as the president of Lone Star Mud LP, LLLP since it formation.
In
     October of 2000, Patterson formed an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary
     named Ambar Drilling Fluids LP, LLLP in order to purchase the drilling
     fluids assets of a oil field services company operating in the gulf coast
     regions of Louisiana and Texas.
Mr. Armour has served as the President of
     Ambar Drilling Fluids LP, LLLP since its formation.
Mr. Armour received a
     Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from the University of Houston in
     1977.
He has 20 years experience in the oilfield service business.

          
Stephen J. DeGroat.  
Mr. DeGroat has served as a director of Patterson
     since November 6, 2000.
Mr. DeGroat is President and Chief Executive
     Officer of Broadmark Capital Corporation, a private equity investment bank
     with offices in New York, San Francisco and Seattle.
Mr. DeGroat is also a
     member of the Management Committee of Broadmark Asset Management, a
     Registered Investment Advisor.
Mr. DeGroat began his career with Drexel
     Burnham Lambert in sales and, prior to forming Broadmark Capital
     Corporation, Mr. DeGroat was a Principal and Manager of the New York office
     of Gilford Securities, a regional investment bank.
Throughout his career in
     finance, Mr. DeGroat has managed public underwritings, private equity
     placements, and merger and acquisition transactions.
Mr. DeGroat is
     actively involved with assisting Broadmark's portfolio companies to develop
     and execute financing strategies.
Mr. DeGroat is a graduate of Fordham
     University where he received a B.A. in Economics.

          
Kenneth R. Peak.  
Mr. Peak has served as a director of Patterson since
     November 6, 2000.
Mr. Peak is Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer
     and Chief Financial Officer of Contango Oil & Gas Company.
Contango
     explores for and acquires oil and gas properties primarily in the onshore
     Gulf Coast and offshore Gulf of Mexico.
Prior to becoming President of
     Contango in 1999, Mr. Peak was the President of Peak Enernomics,
     Incorporated a company formed in 1990 and engaged in consulting activities
     to the oil and gas industry.
His energy career began in 1973 as a
     commercial banker in First Chicago's energy group.
In 1980, Mr. Peak became
     Treasurer of Tosco Corporation and in 1982 he became Chief Financial
     Officer of Texas International Company (T.I.).
His tenure included serving
     as President of TIPCO, the domestic operation subsidiary of T.I.'s oil and
     gas operations.
Mr. Peak has also served as an officer in the U.S. Navy
     from 1968-1971.
Mr. Peak received a B.S. in physics from Ohio University
     and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.
He currently serves as a director
     of NL Industries, Inc. and Cellxion, Inc.

     The officers of Patterson hold their offices until their successors are
appointed by the board of directors.
There are no arrangements or understandings
between any of the Patterson directors or officers and any other person pursuant
to which he or she was or is to be selected as a director, nominee or officer.

There are no family relationships between any of the directors and executive
officers of Patterson other than between Messrs. Talbott and Patterson, who are
brothers-in-law.


BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS

     Patterson's board of directors held five formal meetings during the year
2000.
All directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of all meetings of
the board of directors and committees on which they served in 2000.
In addition
to those meetings, certain business was conducted by unanimous written consent
of the board of directors.
Patterson's officers have made a practice of keeping
directors informed of corporate activities by personal meetings and telephone
discussions and directors ratify or authorize certain actions through unanimous
written consent.

     
Patterson's board of directors has an audit committee and a compensation
committee.
Patterson has no nominating, executive or similar committees.
The
members of the audit and compensation committee, are:

     - Vincent A. Rossi, Jr.

     - Robert C. Gist,

     - Stephen J. DeGroat, and

     - Kenneth R. Peak.


All members of the audit committee are independent as that term is defined by
the National Association of Securities Dealers' listing standards.
The audit
committee's function is to review and approve the services of the outside public
accounting firm.

     
The compensation committee's function is to review and approve proposals by
management as to compensation for officers and other employees and to administer
Patterson's 1993 stock incentive plan.
The audit committee held two formal
meetings during 2000 and the compensation committee held one formal meeting
during 2000.
The board of directors has adopted an audit committee charter, a
copy of which is attached hereto as Annex G.

     Patterson-UTI will continue to have an audit committee and a compensation
committee.


AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

     Patterson's audit committee has reviewed and discussed with management
Patterson's audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December
31, 2000.

     
The audit committee has discussed with the independent auditors the matters
required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61,
Communication with Audit Committees, as amended, by the Auditing Standards Board
of the American Institute Certified Public Accountants.

     
The audit committee has received and reviewed the written disclosures and
the letter from the independent auditors required by Independence Standard No.
1, Independence Discussions with audit committees, as amended, by the
Independence Standards Board, and has discussed with the auditors the auditors'
independence.

     
Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the audit committee
recommended to the board of directors that the financial statements referred to
above be included in Patterson's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2000.

                            
Members of the Audit Committee:

                              Kenneth R. Peak
                              Stephen J. DeGroat
                              Robert C. Gist
                              Vincent A. Rossi, Jr.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

  Summary Compensation Table

     
The following table sets forth information concerning compensation for
2000, 1999 and 1998 earned by or paid to the executive officers of Patterson
listed below:

     - Patterson's Chief Executive Officer and

     - other Patterson executive officers with compensation exceeding $100,000
       in 2000.

                           
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                                            ANNUAL COMPENSATION
                                                   --------------------------------------
NAME AND PRINCIPAL                                            OTHER ANNUAL       STOCK         ALL OTHER
POSITIONS                      YEAR      SALARY     BONUS    COMPENSATION(1)   OPTIONS(#)   COMPENSATION(2)
- ------------------           --------   --------   -------   ---------------   ----------   ---------------

Cloyce A. Talbott,               2000   $290,900   $75,000         $--          $     --        $5,250
  Chairman of the Board;         1999    247,265        --          --           100,000            --
  Chief Executive
  Officer..................      1998    290,900        --          --           100,000            --

A. Glenn Patterson,              2000   $290,900   $75,000         $--          $     --        $5,250
  President; Chief               1999    247,265        --          --           135,000            --
  Operating Officer........      1998    290,900        --          --            25,000            --

Jonathan D. Nelson,
  Vice President-Finance;        2000   $125,000   $35,000         $--          $     --        $5,100
  Chief Financial Officer;       1999     99,170        --          --            60,000            --
  Secretary and
  Treasurer................      1998     67,960    10,000          --            14,000            --

- ---------------

(1) Patterson furnishes certain and other personal benefits to its executive
    officers and certain of its other employees.
These benefits include one or
    more of the following: The use of an automobile owned or leased by
    Patterson; payment of annual country club dues and monthly charges,
    including personal meals; personal landscape and secretarial services
    through Patterson employees at Patterson's expense.
The value of these and
    other personal benefits provided to an executive officer named in the table
    are reported for a year only if the aggregate value of such benefits exceeds
    the lesser of $50,000 or 10% of such executive officer's total salary and
    bonus disclosed in the table for the year reported.


(2) Represents Patterson contributions to the Patterson 1993 401(k) profit
    sharing plan for the account of the executive officers named in the table.
    
The 1993 plan became effective January 1, 1992.
All employees of Patterson
    who work 1,000 hours or more during the year, are at least 21 years of age,
    were employed on the last day of the year and have at least one year of
    service with Patterson or its subsidiaries are eligible to participate in
    the 1993 plan.
Patterson has no obligation to make contributions under the
    1993 plan; Patterson contributions are discretionary.
Patterson
    contributions vest over a five-year period, based on credited years of
    service with Patterson, and may be made either by (i) matching all or a
    portion of the respective participants' contributions to the 1993 plan, or
    (ii) a profit sharing contribution to the accounts of participants which,
    are in turn allocated to the accounts of active participants in the same
    proportion that each active participant's compensation bears to the total
    compensation of all active participants for the plan year.
Each of the
    executive officers named in the table is fully vested in the 1993 plan.


OPTION GRANTS IN 2000

     Patterson did not grant any options to the persons listed in the Summary
Compensation Table in 2000.


AGGREGATE OPTION EXERCISES AND OPTION VALUES
AT DECEMBER 31, 2000

     The following table sets forth information concerning option exercises
during 2000 and the 2000 year end value of unexercised options held by each of
the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table above.

                   2000 OPTION EXERCISES AND YEAR END VALUES

                                                            NUMBER OF SECURITIES          VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                                           UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED         IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS
                           SHARES                          OPTIONS AT FY-END(#)(2)          
AT YEAR END($)(3)
                         ACQUIRED ON       VALUE         ---------------------------   ---------------------------
NAME                     EXERCISE(#)   REALIZED($)(1)    EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE
- ----                     -----------   --------------    -----------   -------------   -----------   
-------------

Cloyce A. Talbott......    40,000         $906,260          60,000        100,000      $1,642,500     $3,140,640
A. Glenn Patterson.....        --               --         234,440        141,800       6,494,841      4,418,289
Jonathan D. Nelson.....    20,000          662,504          25,200         44,800         620,400      1,353,106

- ---------------

(1) Calculated by subtracting actual option price from market price at
    respective dates of exercise and multiplying the difference by the number of
    shares in each category.


(2) The total number of unexercised options held as of December 31, 2000,
    separated between those options that were exercisable and those options that
    were not exercisable.


(3) Calculated by subtracting actual option exercise price from market price at
    December 29, 2000 ($37.25 per share) and multiplying the difference by the
    number of shares in each category.


DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

     Each non-employee director of Patterson receives a $1,000 per month fee as
partial compensation for services as board members.
In addition, pursuant to
Patterson's non-employee directors' stock option plan, each non-employee
director is automatically granted options to purchase 20,000 shares at the time
he becomes a director and, thereafter, options to purchase an additional 4,000
shares for each subsequent year that he serves up to a maximum of 40,000 shares
per director.
The exercise price for each such option is the fair market value
of the Patterson common stock on the date of grant.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

     Under rules established by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Patterson is required to provide certain information regarding the compensation
of its Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers whose salary and
bonus exceed $100,000 per year.
Disclosure requirements include a report
explaining the rationale and considerations that lead to fundamental executive
compensation decisions.
The following report has been prepared to fulfill this
requirement.

     
The compensation committee sets and administers the policies that govern
the annual compensation and long-term compensation of executive officers of
Patterson.
The compensation committee consists of Messrs. Gist, Rossi, Peak and
DeGroat, none of whom are employees of Patterson.
The compensation committee
makes all decisions concerning compensation of executive officers who receive
salary and bonus in excess of $100,000 annually, determines the total amount of
bonuses to be paid annually and grants all awards of stock options under
Patterson's 1993 stock incentive plan.
The compensation committee has retained
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to provide executive compensation consulting services
to assist it in performing its various duties.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
prepared, in April 2000, a report comparing Patterson's cash compensation
practices for the executive officers to the executive-level cash compensation
practices of similarly-sized companies in Patterson's segment of the oil and
natural gas industry and in general industry.

     
The compensation committee's policy is to offer executive officers
competitive compensation packages that will permit Patterson to attract and
retain highly qualified individuals and to motivate and reward such individuals
on the basis of Patterson's performance.
At present, Patterson's executive
compensation package consists of base salary, cash bonus awards and long-term
incentive opportunities in the form of

stock options and a 401(k) plan.
Executive salaries are reviewed by the
compensation committee on an annual basis and are set for individual executive
officers based on subjective evaluations of each individual's performance,
Patterson's performance and a comparison to salary ranges for executives of
other companies in the oil and natural gas industry with characteristics similar
to those of Patterson.
This allows the compensation committee to set salaries in
a manner that is both competitive and reasonable within Patterson's industry.

     
Cash bonuses may be awarded on an annual basis for exceptional effort and
performance.
The use of a specific formula to evaluate management performance is
not employed because it is difficult to define an appropriate formula and it
restricts the flexibility of the compensation committee.
The compensation
committee considers the achievements of Patterson, specifically including
earnings for the year and return on stockholders' equity in determining
appropriate levels for bonus awards.
Currently, the base annual salary of each
of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table above is
within the salary parameters set forth in the analysis prepared by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

     
Stock options may be granted to key employees under the Patterson Energy,
Inc. 1993
Stock Incentive Plan, including executive officers of Patterson.
Such
stock-based awards continue to be an important element of the executive
compensation package because they aid in the objective of aligning the key
employees' interests with those of the stockholders by giving key employees a
direct stake in the performance of Patterson.
Decisions concerning the granting
of stock options are made on the same basis as decisions concerning base salary
and cash bonus awards as discussed above.
No options were granted in 2000 to any
of the executive officers of Patterson.

     
The compensation of the Chief Executive Officer of Patterson is determined
in the same manner as the compensation for other executive officers as described
above.
As a result, the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer is largely
dependent upon the overall performance of Patterson as well as a comparison to
compensation being paid by other comparable peer companies to their chief
executive officers.
During the year 2000, the base annual salary of Mr. Talbott
was approximately $290,900.

                       
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors:

                         Kenneth R. Peak
                         Stephen J. DeGroat
                         Robert C. Gist
                         Vincent A. Rossi, Jr.

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS

     None of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table
above has an employment or severance agreement or any plan or arrangement
providing compensation in the event of a change in control of Patterson.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

     Robert C. Gist, Vincent A. Rossi, Jr. Stephen J. DeGroat and Kenneth R.
Peak served as members of the compensation committee during 2000.
Except in his
capacity as a manager of a subsidiary LLC of Patterson for which he receives no
compensation, Mr. Gist has never served as an officer, but has been paid a
monthly retainer of $1,000 since 1993 for legal and consulting services.

Patterson also pays premiums for Mr. Gist's family health insurance coverage.

Messrs. DeGroat, Peak and Rossi have not served as an officer of Patterson.

After joining the board in November 2000, Messrs. Peak and DeGroat were
appointed by the board to the compensation committee and the audit committee.


CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Patterson leases a 1981 Beech King-Air 90 airplane owned by an affiliate of
Patterson's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
Under the terms
of the lease, Patterson pays a monthly rental of

$9,200 and its proportionate share of the costs of fuel, insurance, taxes and
maintenance of the aircraft.
Patterson paid approximately $211,495, $222,583 and
$193,769 for the lease of the airplane during 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

     
Certain of Patterson's affiliated persons have participated, either
individually or through entities they control, in oil and gas prospects or
properties in which Patterson has an interest.
Affiliated persons are directors,
executive officers and key employees of Patterson and their family members.

These participations, which have been on a working interest basis, have been in
prospects or properties originated or acquired by Patterson.
In substantially
every property in which any of these affiliated persons has been a working
interest participant, Patterson also has sold working interests to nonaffiliated
persons on the same basis.
At December 31, 2000, affiliated persons were working
interest owners in 127 of the 164 wells then being operated by Patterson.
In
some cases, the interests sold to affiliated and nonaffiliated participants were
sold on a promoted basis requiring these participants to pay a portion of
Patterson's costs.
Patterson believes that each of the participations by the
affiliated persons has been on terms no less favorable to Patterson than it
could have obtained from nonaffiliated participants.
It is expected that joint
participations with Patterson will occur from time to time in the future.

Conflicts of interest may arise between such directors and officers and
Patterson as to the advisability of conducting drilling and recompletion
activities on those properties.
As is the case of sale of working interests by
Patterson in its properties to nonaffiliated persons, sales of working interests
to affiliated persons are made to reduce Patterson's economic risk in the
properties.

     
The following table sets forth production revenues received and joint
production costs paid by each of the affiliated persons during 2000 for all
wells operated by Patterson in which they have working interests.
These numbers
do not necessarily represent their profits or losses from these interests
because the joint production costs do not include the parties' related drilling
and leasehold acquisition costs incurred prior to January 1, 2000.

                                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,

                                                              -------------------------
                                                              PRODUCTION       JOINT
                                                               REVENUES      INTEREST
NAME                                                          RECEIVED(1)   BILLINGS(2)
- ----                                                          -----------   -----------

Cloyce A. Talbott...........................................  $  259,394    $  493,650
Anita Talbott(3)............................................     
172,314       116,816
Jana Talbott, Executrix to the Estate of Steve Talbott(3)...      26,133        16,164
Stan Talbott(3).............................................      84,058        23,188
Lisa Beck and Stacy Talbott(3)..............................     654,143       290,734
SSI Oil & Gas, Inc.(4)......................................     511,691       272,336
IDC Enterprises, Ltd.(5)....................................   5,201,682     1,669,510
SSSL, Ltd.(6)...............................................          --       452,000
T & H Exploration(7)........................................     337,333       370,136
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Subtotal..........................................   7,246,748     3,704,534
                                                              ----------    ----------
A. Glenn Patterson..........................................     181,390       463,096
Glenn Patterson Family Limited Partnership(8)...............          --       451,601
Robert Patterson(8).........................................      21,459        19,387
Thomas M. Patterson(8)......................................      21,459        19,387
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Subtotal..........................................  $  224,308    $  953,471
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Total.............................................  $7,471,056    $4,658,005
                                                              ==========    ==========

- ---------------

(1) Revenues received for production of oil and natural gas, net of state
    severance taxes.


(2) Includes leasehold costs, tangible equipment costs, intangible drilling
    costs and lease operating expense billed during that period.
All joint
    interest billings have been paid on a timely basis.


(3) Anita Talbott is the wife of Cloyce A. Talbott.
Stan Talbott, Lisa Beck and
    Stacy Talbott are Mr. Talbott's adult children.
Steve Talbott is the
    deceased son of Mr. Talbott.


(4) SSI Oil & Gas, Inc. is beneficially owned 50% by Cloyce A. Talbott and
    directly owned 50% by A. Glenn Patterson.


(5) IDC Enterprises, Ltd. is 50% owned by Cloyce A. Talbott and 50% owned by A.
    Glenn Patterson.


(6) SSSL, Ltd. is a limited partnership whereby Cloyce A. Talbott is the general
    partner.


(7) T & H Exploration is a company owned in part by Jana Talbott, Executrix to
    the Estate of Steve Talbott.


(8) Robert and Thomas M. Patterson are A. Glenn Patterson's adult children.
The
    Glenn Patterson Family Limited Partnership is a partnership in which each of
    Mr. Patterson's children share in equally and Mr. Patterson is the manager.

     
Any future transactions between Patterson and its officers, directors, key
employees, 5% stockholders and their family members and affiliates will continue
to be subject to the approval of a majority of disinterested members of the
board of directors and will continue to be on terms no less favorable to
Patterson than those that could be negotiated with nonaffiliated parties.
During
February 1994, the Patterson board of directors adopted a blanket policy
approving in advance all joint participations with affiliated persons in oil and
gas prospects and properties after that date, provided that the participations
of such affiliated persons are on the same basis as participations with
nonaffiliated persons.
In those instances when there are no nonaffiliated
third-party participants, prior approval of the board of directors is required
on a participation-by-participation basis.


PERFORMANCE GRAPH

     The following graph shows the changes over the past approximate five-year
period beginning December 31, 1995, and ending December 31, 2000, in the value
of $100 invested in: (1) Patterson Energy, Inc. common stock; (2) an MG Group
Index consisting of 57 companies engaged in oil and gas field services (all
within SIC Code 1381); (3) the NASDAQ Market Index; and (4) a Peer Group Index
consisting of five companies who are principally engaged in providing contract
drilling services to the oil and natural gas industry.
The year-end values of
each investment are based on share price appreciation and assume that $100 was
invested on December 31, 1995, and that all dividends are reinvested.

Calculations exclude trading commissions and taxes.
The comparison in the graph
is required by the SEC and, therefore, is not intended to forecast or be
indicative of possible future performance of Patterson's common stock.

                  
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN
                       ASSUMES INITIAL INVESTMENT OF $100

                              [PERFORMANCE GRAPH]

                               As of December 31,
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        1995      1996      1997      1998      1999      2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Patterson Energy,
     Inc.               $100      $182      $548      $115      $368     $1,055
  MG Group Index         100       149       225       116       155        214
  NASDAQ Market
     Index               100       124       152       214       378        238
  Peer Group Index       100       185       312       122       290        579

COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

     Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934
Act"), requires Patterson's officers and directors, and persons who own more
than 10% of a registered class of Patterson's equity securities, to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC.
Each of these persons is
required by SEC regulation to furnish Patterson with copies of Section 16(a)
filings.
Based solely on its review of copies of such forms received by it and
written representations from certain reporting persons that no Forms 5 were
required for those persons, Patterson believes that, during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000, its officers, directors, and greater than 10%
beneficial owners other than Messrs. Nelson and Armour, complied with all
applicable filing requirements.
On December 28, 2000, Mr. Nelson sold 7,500
shares of Patterson common stock and exercised options to purchase 20,000 shares
of Patterson common stock.
During March 2000, Mr. Armour sold calls on 3,600
shares of Patterson.
Neither Mr. Nelson nor Mr. Armour filed Forms 4 with
respect to these transactions, nor have they filed Forms 5 with respect thereto
in 2001.

                          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The following unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are
presented to give effect to the merger between Patterson and UTI based on the
pooling-of-interests method of accounting at the exchange ratio of one share of
Patterson common stock for each share of UTI common stock.
The unaudited pro
forma balance sheet data are presented as if the merger was effective on
December 31, 2000.
The unaudited pro forma statements of operations data are
presented as if the merger was effective as of the beginning of the earliest
period presented.
You should not rely on the pro forma amounts as being
indicative of the financial position or the results of operations of
Patterson-UTI, the combined company, that would have actually occurred had the
merger been effective during the periods presented or of the future financial
position or future results of operations of the combined company.

     
The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations exclude
non-recurring charges directly attributable to the merger, estimated at pretax
$10 million, substantially all of which will be charged to operations in the
quarter in which the merger is consummated.
The unaudited pro forma combined
balance sheet has been adjusted to reflect the assumed after-tax impact of such
non-recurring charges.
You should read the condensed unaudited pro forma
combined financial statements in conjunction with the historical consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes of Patterson and UTI incorporated by
reference in this document.

                           
PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC.

                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                               DECEMBER 31, 2000
                           (UNAUDITED, IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                                           PRO FORMA
                                                      PATTERSON         UTI        --------------------------
                                                     ENERGY, INC.   ENERGY CORP.   ADJUSTMENTS       COMBINED
                                                     ------------   ------------   -----------       --------

                                                   ASSETS

Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents........................    $ 59,355       $  7,561       $    --         $ 66,916
  Accounts receivable:
    Trade..........................................      78,364         59,482        (2,207)(a)      135,639
    Oil and natural gas sales......................       1,255             --            --            1,255
  Federal income tax receivable....................       2,447             --            --            2,447
  Inventories......................................      12,186            767            --           12,953
  Deferred income taxes............................       9,133          1,957            --           11,090
  Undeveloped oil and natural gas properties held
    for
    resale.........................................       1,680             --            --            1,680
  Other............................................       
3,343          2,387         1,791(a)         7,521
                                                       --------       