URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/912262/000104596901500057/0001045969-01-500057.txt

The discussion of the
merger in this joint proxy statement-prospectus and the description of the
principal terms of the merger agreement are subject to and qualified in their
entirety by reference to the merger agreement that is attached as Annex A.

Background of the Merger

   As a result of Gart and Oshman's both being significant companies in the
retail sporting goods industry, members of the senior management of Gart and
Oshman's have been familiar with each other for several years.
In early July
2000, John Douglas Morton, chief executive officer of Gart, contacted Alvin
Lubetkin, chief executive officer of Oshman's, by telephone, and the parties
raised the possibility that Gart and Oshman's might explore a business
combination.
The companies executed a confidentiality agreement dated July 18,
2000.
Mr. Morton flew to Houston on July 25, 2000 to discuss with Mr. Lubetkin
the possibility of commencing an exchange of information about the companies
that might lead to negotiations for a combination of Gart and Oshman's.

   
Mr. Lubetkin informed the members of the Oshman's board of directors that he
had commenced preliminary discussions with Gart.
Mr. Lubetkin received informal
approval from the Oshman's board to proceed with further discussions and to
gather information regarding the possible engagement of an investment banking
firm to serve as financial advisor to the company.

   
Subsequent to the execution of the confidentiality agreement, Gart's
representatives requested financial information from Oshman's in order to
perform a valuation of Oshman's and to propose a purchase price.
Oshman's
furnished certain of the requested information, and representatives of Gart
conducted a due diligence investigation of Oshman's.
Gart also furnished
certain information to Oshman's.

   
On August 6, 2000, Gart delivered an offer letter to Oshman's in which Gart
proposed to combine with Oshman's in exchange for a combination of cash and
shares of Gart common stock with a combined value of $10.00 for each share of
Oshman's common stock.
Gart did not propose a precise mix of cash and stock.

   
At a meeting on August 16, 2000, the Oshman's board of directors reviewed
the Gart proposal and received a presentation from Financo, Inc.
The board
authorized the retention of Financo as financial advisor to Oshman's and
authorized Mr. Lubetkin and other appropriate members of the company's
management to explore further the Gart proposal.

   
During September 2000, members of Gart's and Oshman's management and their
respective financial advisors held meetings and continued to exchange and
review financial and other information about the companies.
Gart and Oshman's
executed an exclusivity letter in which both parties agreed that they would not
negotiate a business combination with any third parties through September 30,
2000.

   
At a meeting on September 19, 2000, the Oshman's board of directors reviewed
the progress of discussions with Gart and authorized management and Financo to
continue with their efforts.

   
On October 4, 2000, Gart delivered an offer letter to Oshman's in which Gart
proposed to combine with Oshman's in exchange for a combination of cash and
shares of Gart common stock with a combined value of $12.00 for each share of
Oshman's common stock.
Gart did not propose a precise mix of cash and stock,
but it did indicate that at least 50% would be in cash.
Gart proposed, as part
of the offer letter, that Oshman's would agree not to enter into any agreement
or other commitment, or participate in any discussions or negotiations,
relating to a business combination or other similar transaction with any party
other than Gart, until after November 15, 2000.
Oshman's did not agree to an
exclusivity arrangement, but did continue discussions with Gart with respect to
the possible transaction.

   
In the course of further discussions between members of Gart's and Oshman's
management and financial advisors, Oshman's made several counter proposals to
Gart's offer letter, proposing various transaction structures at various
purchase prices above $12.00 per share of Oshman's common stock.

   
Gart responded to Oshman's counter proposals through a letter, dated October
12, 2000, in which Gart reaffirmed its proposed purchase price of $12.00 per
share of Oshman's common stock and provided a detailed analysis of the
transaction and integration expenses in support of its proposed purchase price.

   
On October 23, 2000, Oshman's responded to Gart's October 12 letter with its
own analysis of the transaction and integration expenses and stated that Mr.
Lubetkin hoped to meet with Mr. Morton to discuss whether negotiations for a
business combination between Gart and Oshman's would continue.

   
On October 30, 2000, Mr. Lubetkin and Financo made a presentation to Gart's
management and to Leonard Green and Partners, L.P., a financial advisor to
Gart, that discussed Oshman's strengths and the potential benefits that a
combination of the companies might bring to stockholders.
Mr. Lubetkin
encouraged Gart to increase the value of its proposal and set forth several
options for structuring a possible transaction.

   
On November 2, 2000, Gart sent a letter to Oshman's, increasing the proposed
consideration to $7.00 in cash plus 0.55 shares of Gart common stock for each
share of Oshman's common stock.
Using the average closing price of Gart common
stock during the previous thirty days, the letter stated that the combined
value would be $13.86 per share of Oshman's common stock.
Shortly thereafter,
Financo notified Gart that Oshman's was not prepared to agree to the revised
purchase price.
Gart responded with a letter dated November 7, 2000 in which it
indicated that the proposed purchase price, as set forth in the November 2,
2000 letter, would remain open until after the meeting of the Oshman's board of
directors scheduled for November 14, 2000.

   
On November 14, 2000, Mr. Morton and Thomas Hendrickson, chief financial
officer of Gart, made a presentation to Oshman's board of directors in Houston,
Texas, outlining the terms of the proposed transaction between Gart and
Oshman's, and the benefits of the transaction to both Gart and Oshman's.

   
At a meeting on November 14th, following the Gart presentation, the Oshman's
board of directors discussed the current Gart proposal and reviewed a
presentation from Financo.
The board then unanimously authorized management to
continue serious negotiations with Gart, with a view toward negotiating a
definitive merger agreement for submission to the board for its consideration.

   
Following Oshman's communication to Gart that it was willing to proceed with
negotiations, the parties requested financial and other additional
documentation from each other to complete their respective due diligence
investigations.
On November 20, 2000, the parties executed an exclusivity
letter that would continue until December 31, 2000.
During the course of the
due diligence investigation of Oshman's, Gart representatives made several
trips to Houston to complete the financial, legal and business due diligence.

Oshman's likewise traveled to Denver and worked to complete its due diligence
investigation of Gart.

   
In early December 2000, Gart presented Oshman's with a draft of a proposed
merger agreement and other related documents, reflecting the parties' tentative
agreement at that time on merger consideration consisting of $7.00 in cash and
0.55 shares of Gart common stock.
Management and legal counsel for both Gart
and Oshman's exchanged preliminary comments and made revisions to the drafts
during December.

   
Following the expiration on December 31, 2000 of the exclusivity letter
between the parties, Gart delivered a letter to Oshman's on January 3, 2001
proposing a renewed exclusivity period of 30 days and conditioned its continued
work toward a possible transaction on receiving Oshman's agreement by the end
of business on January 5, 2001.

   
On January 5, 2001, Oshman's delivered a letter to Gart that requested an
increase in Gart's proposed purchase price to $7.00 in cash plus 0.67 shares of
Gart common stock for each share of Oshman's common stock.
The letter also
proposed an exclusivity period through January 18, 2001 and requested Gart's
agreement by January 9, 2001.

   
On January 5, 2001, Gart responded to Oshman's letter with a letter stating
that it would cease doing any further work on a possible business combination
between the two companies.

   
During the first week of January 2001, all members of the Oshman's board of
directors were kept apprised of the course of negotiations with Gart and other
developments.
At the request of Mr. Lubetkin and the Oshman's board, Financo
had discussions with another sporting goods retailer to explore its interest in
pursuing a possible transaction with Oshman's.
That company indicated that it
was not interested in pursuing discussions at the purchase price levels then
being discussed with Gart.

   
During the second week of January 2001, Mr. Lubetkin and Mr. Morton agreed
to reinstate negotiations for a definitive merger agreement premised upon
merger consideration of $7.00 in cash and 0.55 shares of Gart common stock for
each share of Oshman's common stock.
The two companies agreed to continue
efforts to finalize their respective due diligence investigations and to
complete drafts of agreements that could be considered by their respective
boards of directors.

   
From the second week of January 2001 through February 21, 2001, Gart and
Oshman's negotiated the terms of the definitive merger agreement and related
documents, including: voting agreements between Gart and certain stockholders
of Oshman's; a voting agreement between Oshman's and Green Equity Investors,
L.P., the holder of approximately 64% of Gart's outstanding common stock;
indemnification agreements between Gart and certain stockholders of Oshman's
who would execute voting agreements; a registration rights agreement between
Gart and certain stockholders of Oshman's whose shares of Gart common stock
were not expected to be freely tradable; drafts of consulting and non-
competition agreements with Gart to be executed at closing by Mr. Lubetkin and
Marilyn Oshman, chairman of Oshman's board of directors; and certain other
documents necessary for the completion of the merger.

   
Gart's board of directors met on 4 different occasions between August 2000
and February 21, 2001, and reviewed all material aspects of the proposed
business combination, including the draft documents, issues that arose in
negotiations with Oshman's, the report by Gart's management's on its valuation
of Oshman's, and due diligence reports on Oshman's.

   
During 2001, Oshman's board of directors met on three different occasions,
January 17, February 2, and February 21, and reviewed all material aspects of
the proposed business combination, including the draft documents, issues that
arose in negotiations with Gart, due diligence reports on Gart, and
presentations from Oshman's legal counsel, financial advisors and accounting
firm.

   
On February 21, 2001, Gart and the current lender for both Gart and
Oshman's, The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc., entered into a commitment letter
for a $300 million revolving credit facility to be implemented prior to the
closing of the potential combination of the two companies.
A copy of the
commitment letter was delivered to Oshman's.

   
At the February 21 meeting of the Oshman's board of directors, Financo
delivered its opinion to the board as to the fairness, from a financial point
of view, of the consideration to the holders of Oshman's common stock.
After
deliberation, the Oshman's board unanimously approved the merger agreement and
recommended that the Oshman's stockholders adopt the merger agreement and
approve the merger.

   
Gart and Oshman's executed the merger agreement and certain related
documents on the evening of February 21, 2001 and finalized the execution and
delivery of additional documents the next day.
The parties formally delivered
all agreements and issued a press release after the markets closed on February
22, 2001.


Gart's Reasons for the Merger

   On February 9, 2001, Gart's board of directors voted to enter into the
merger agreement and to recommend that Gart's stockholders approve the issuance
of Gart common stock in the merger.
In evaluating the merger, Gart's board of
directors considered all relevant factors and information, including the
following positive factors:

  .  
the strategic fit between Gart and Oshman's, including the opportunity
     for synergies and cost savings;

  .  
the complementary geographical locations of the stores operated by Gart
     and Oshman's;

  .  
Gart's ability to enjoy significant future expansion and growth as a
     result of the combination with Oshman's;

  .  
Gart's ability to access the greater resources of the combined company
     after the merger;

  .  
the fact that the merger would enable the combined company to realize
     significant operating synergies, including increased purchasing power
     with its vendors, reduced corporate overhead as a percentage of sales,
     and the consolidation of sales and marketing organization;

  .  
the increased growth potential that may result from a combination of
     Gart and Oshman's, including as a result of the combined company's
     superior asset base, geographic diversification, portfolio of growth
     opportunities, operating skills, financial stability and strength;

  .  
the opportunity for Gart's stockholders to participate in the potential
     for growth of the combined company after the merger;

  .  
the anticipated increased liquidity of Gart common stock after the
     merger due to expected increases in trading in Gart common stock as a
     result of the combined company's expanded stockholder base;

  .  
the board's understanding of conditions currently affecting the retail
     sporting goods industry, including recent trends towards consolidation
     of the generally fragmented industry;

  .  
the fact that Green Equity Investors, L.P., the largest holder of Gart
     common stock, agreed to support the merger;

  .  
the advice provided to the Gart board by Stephens Inc., which acted as a
     financial advisor to Gart in connection with the merger;

  .  
the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including:

    .  
the nature of the parties' representations, warranties, covenants
       and agreements, which Gart's board believed would provide a
       reasonable degree of certainty that the merger would be completed;
       and

    .  
the provisions that restrict the ability of Oshman's, subject to the
       conditions and procedures described in the merger agreement, to
       enter into transactions with other potential acquirors; and

  .  
reports from management and advisors to Gart as to the results of their
     due diligence investigation of Oshman's.

   
Gart's board of directors also considered a variety of potentially negative
factors concerning the merger, including the following:

  .  
the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
     fully realized;

  .  
the fact that as a result of the merger, the benefits of Gart's long-
     term strategic plan would be shared by stockholders of Oshman's rather
     than enjoyed solely by Gart's stockholders;

  .  
the potential adverse effects on Gart's business, operations and
     financial condition if the merger is not completed following public
     announcement of the merger agreement;

  .  
the costs associated with the merger, including merger-related
     transaction costs;

  .  
the difficulties of integrating Gart with Oshman's and the management
     effort and costs required to complete the integration following the
     merger;

  .  
the fact that, as a result of the merger, Gart's debt-to-equity ratio
     would increase and the combined company would therefore be subject to
     risks associated with increased leverage in the short term; and

  .  
the other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement-
     prospectus under "Risk Factors.
"

Gart's board considered these negative factors together with its consideration
of the continued operation of Gart as an independent company, but concluded
that, on balance, the potential benefits to Gart and its stockholders of the
merger outweighed the risks associated with the merger.
One of the Gart
directors, Larry J. Hochberg, disagreed.
He voted against the proposed
transaction based upon several considerations, including the price paid for
Oshman's, Gart's recent financial performance and the level of indebtedness to
be incurred in the transaction.

   
The discussion above is not intended to be exhaustive, but Gart believes
that it includes all significant factors considered by Gart's board of
directors in connection with its evaluation of the merger.
In light of the
number of factors and the variety of information that Gart's board of directors
considered, the board did not find it practicable to, and did not, assign any
specific or relative weights to the factors listed above.
In addition,
individual directors may have given differing weights to different factors.


Oshman's Reasons for the Merger

   In evaluating the merger, Oshman's board of directors considered all
relevant factors and information, including the following positive factors:

  .  
the strategic fit between Oshman's and Gart, including the opportunity
     for synergies and cost savings;

  .  
the complementary geographical locations of the stores operated by
     Oshman's and Gart;

  .  
the ability of Oshman's to have access to the greater resources of the
     combined company after the merger, including financing necessary for
     future development;

  .  
the increased growth potential that may result from a combination of
     Oshman's and Gart, including as a result of the combined company's
     superior asset base, geographic diversification, portfolio of growth
     opportunities, operating skills, financial stability and strength;

  .  
the opportunity for Oshman's stockholders to participate in the
     potential for growth of the combined company after the merger;

  .  
the fact that the consideration of $7.00 cash and 0.55 shares of Gart
     common stock to be received for each share of Oshman's common stock in
     the merger represented a premium of approximately 42.9% over the closing
     sales price of a share of Oshman's common stock on January 31, 2001;

  .  
the board's understanding of conditions currently affecting the retail
     sporting goods industry, including recent trends towards consolidation
     of the generally fragmented industry;

  .  
the opinion of Financo to Oshman's board of directors as to the
     fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to the
     holders of Oshman's common stock, as described below under "--Opinion of
     Oshman's Financial Advisor";

  .  
the anticipated increased liquidity to Oshman's stockholders after the
     merger due to expected increases in trading in Gart common stock as a
     result of the combined company's expanded stockholder base;

  .  
the fact that certain members of the Oshman's founding family, who are
     some of the largest holders of Oshman's common stock, agreed to support
     the merger;

  .  
the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including:

    .  
the nature of the parties' representations, warranties, covenants
       and agreements, which the board believed would provide a reasonable
       degree of certainty that the merger would be completed; and

    .  
the provisions that permit Oshman's, subject to the conditions and
       procedures described in the merger agreement, (1) to consider
       superior third party offers to acquire Oshman's, (2) to provide
       information and to negotiate with third parties in response to those
       offers and (3) to terminate the merger agreement with Gart to accept
       a superior proposal, subject to the payment to Gart of a $3 million
       termination fee plus up to $1.5 million for expenses; and

  .  
reports from management and advisors to Oshman's as to the results of
     their due diligence investigation of Gart.

   
Oshman's board of directors also considered a variety of potentially
negative factors concerning the merger, including the following:

  .  
the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
     fully realized;

  .  
the fact that the merger agreement limits the ability of Oshman's
     directors, officers, employees and representatives to pursue alternative
     transactions;

  .  
the fact that as a result of the merger, the benefits of Oshman's long-
     term strategic plan would be shared by stockholders of Gart, rather than
     enjoyed solely by Oshman's stockholders;

  .  
the potential adverse effects on Oshman's business, operations and
     financial condition if the merger is not completed following public
     announcement of the merger agreement; and

  .  
the fact that, as a result of the merger, the existing obligations and
     liabilities of Gart, whether contingent or otherwise, would be borne in
     part by the Oshman's stockholders as a result of becoming stockholders
     of the combined company.


The board considered these negative factors together with its consideration of
the continued operation of Oshman's as an independent company, but decided that
the merger provided a more advisable alternative in light of the positive
factors set forth above.

   
The discussion above is not intended to be exhaustive, but Oshman's believes
that it includes all significant factors considered by Oshman's board of
directors in connection with its evaluation of the merger.
In light of the
number of factors and the variety of information that Oshman's board of
directors considered, the board did not find it practicable to, and did not,
assign any specific or relative weights to the factors listed above.
In
addition, individual directors may have given differing weights to different
factors.


Recommendation of Gart's Board of Directors

   After careful consideration, Gart's board of directors determined the merger
to be in the best interests of Gart's stockholders.
Gart's board of directors
approved the merger agreement and recommends that Gart stockholders vote in
favor of the approval of the issuance of Gart common stock to Oshman's
stockholders in the merger.

   
In considering the recommendation of Gart's board of directors, Gart's
stockholders should be aware that certain directors of Gart have interests in
the merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of
Gart stockholders generally.
Gart's board of directors recognized these
interests and determined that they neither supported nor detracted from the
advisability to Gart stockholders of the issuance of Gart common stock in the
merger.
For a discussion of these interests, see "--Interests of Certain
Persons in the Merger.
"

Recommendation of Oshman's Board of Directors

   After careful consideration, Oshman's board of directors unanimously
determined the merger to be fair to the stockholders of Oshman's and in their
best interest.
Oshman's board of directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement and unanimously recommends that Oshman's stockholders vote in favor
of the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the merger.

   
In considering the recommendation of Oshman's board of directors, Oshman's
stockholders should be aware that certain directors and officers of Oshman's
have interests in the merger that are different from, or are in addition to,
the interests of Oshman's stockholders generally.
Oshman's board of directors
recognized these interests and determined that they neither supported nor
detracted from the advisability of the merger to Oshman's stockholders.
For a
discussion of these interests, see "--Interests of Certain Persons in the
Merger.
"

Opinion of Oshman's Financial Advisor

   Oshman's engaged Financo, Inc. to act as its financial advisor in connection
with the proposed transaction and to render an opinion to the Oshman's board as
to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Oshman's
common stock of the consideration to be received by such stockholders in the
merger.
Oshman's selected Financo to be its financial advisor in connection
with the merger because Financo has expertise in the specialty retail industry
and is a prominent investment banking and financial advisory firm with
experience in the valuation of businesses in connection with mergers and
acquisitions and for general corporate and other purposes.
On February 21,
2001, Financo delivered its written opinion to the Oshman's board that, as of
the date of such opinion, the consideration to be received by the Oshman's
stockholders in the merger with Gart was fair from a financial point of view to
the holders of Oshman's common stock.

   
The full text of the written opinion of Financo, which sets forth
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken
in connection with the opinion, is attached to this joint proxy statement-
prospectus as Annex D and is incorporated herein by reference.
Financo's
opinion is addressed to the Oshman's board of directors and relates only to the
fairness of the merger consideration from a financial point of view.
The
opinion does not address any other aspect of the proposed merger and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to any matters relating to
the merger.
The summary of Financo's opinion described below is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of its opinion.
Holders of Oshman's
common stock are urged to read the opinion carefully in its entirety.

   
In arriving at its opinion, Financo reviewed and analyzed such materials and
considered such financial and other factors that it deemed relevant under the
circumstances, including the following:

    .  
the financial terms and conditions of the merger agreement between
       Gart and Oshman's;

    .  
certain publicly available historical financial and operating data
       concerning Oshman's, including Oshman's annual reports to
       stockholders on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended January 2000,
       1999 and 1998, and the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
       quarters ended April 29, 2000, July 29, 2000 and October 28, 2000;

    .  
certain publicly available historical financial and operating data
       concerning Gart, including Gart's annual reports to stockholders on
       Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended January 2000 and 1999, and the
       quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended April
       29, 2000, July 29, 2000 and October 28, 2000;

    .  
certain internal financial analyses and forecasts of Oshman's and
       Gart related to the business, earnings, cash flow, assets and
       prospects of Oshman's and Gart provided to Financo by the management
       of Oshman's and Gart, respectively;

    .  
discussions with members of senior management of Oshman's and Gart
       concerning their respective businesses, operations, assets, present
       condition and future prospects;

    .  publicly available financial, operating and stock market data
       concerning certain companies engaged in businesses that Financo
       deemed relatively and reasonably comparable to Oshman's or otherwise
       relevant to its inquiry;

    .  
a trading history of the common shares of Oshman's and Gart from
       January 5, 1996 to the present and January 16, 1998 to the present,
       respectively;

    .  
a comparison of the financial terms of the merger with the terms of
       certain other recent transactions that Financo deemed relevant and
       comparable; and

    .  such other financial studies, analyses and investigations Financo
       deemed appropriate.

   
In rendering its opinion, Financo relied, without independent investigation
or verification, upon the accuracy and completeness of all information publicly
available, supplied or otherwise communicated to it by Oshman's and Gart.

Financo expressed no opinion as to Oshman's and Gart's underlying valuation,
future performance or long-term viability, or the price at which Gart common
stock would trade upon or after announcement or consummation of the merger.

With respect to the financial forecasts provided to Financo by Oshman's and
Gart, Financo has assumed, with the acknowledgment of the Oshman's board, that
such forecasts have been reasonably and accurately prepared and represent
management's best currently available judgments and estimates as to the future
financial performance of Oshman's and Gart, respectively, and Financo expresses
no opinion with respect to such forecasts or the assumptions upon which they
are based.
Financo has further relied upon the assurances of senior management
of Oshman's and Gart that they are not aware of any facts that would make such
financial or other information relating to Oshman's or Gart, respectively,
inaccurate or misleading.
In connection with its engagement, Financo held
discussions, at Oshman's request, with a third party other than Gart regarding
a possible business combination or similar transaction with Oshman's, but
Financo was not requested to, and it did not, solicit, generally, third party
indications of interest in the possible acquisition of all or part of Oshman's.

Financo's opinion is necessarily based upon economic, financial and market
conditions as they exist and can be evaluated only as of the date of the
written opinion letter, and Financo assumes no responsibility to update or
revise its opinion based upon events or circumstances occurring after the date
of such written opinion.
Further, Financo expressed no opinions on matters of a
legal, regulatory, tax or accounting nature relating to or arising out of the
merger.

   
In rendering its opinion, Financo has assumed that the merger will be
consummated on the terms described in the merger agreement, without any waiver
of any material terms or conditions by Oshman's or Gart.

   
The summary set forth below describes the material analyses performed by
Financo in connection with providing its written opinion to the board of
Oshman's on February 21, 2001.
It does not purport to be a complete description
of the analyses underlying Financo's opinion or the presentation made by
Financo to the board of Oshman's and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial analyses and the application of those methods to
the particular circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Accordingly, Financo
believes its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions
of its analyses, without considering all analyses, would create an incomplete
view of the process underlying the Financo opinion.

   
In performing its analyses, Financo considered industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters existing
as of the date of its opinion, many of which are beyond Oshman's and Gart's
control.
No company, transaction or business used in the analyses as a
comparison is identical to Oshman's, Gart or the merger, and an evaluation of
the results of those analyses is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the
analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and

operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the acquisition,
public trading or other values of the companies, business segments or
transactions analyzed.
The estimates contained in Financo's analyses and the
ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or future results, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than those suggested by its analyses.
In addition, analyses
relating to the value of businesses or securities do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually
may be sold.
Accordingly, Financo's analyses and estimates are inherently
subject to substantial uncertainty.

   
The type and amount of consideration payable in the merger was determined
through negotiation between Oshman's and Gart and their respective advisers and
the decision to enter into the merger was solely that of the Oshman's board.

Financo's opinion and financial analyses were only one of many factors
considered by the Oshman's board in its evaluation of the merger and should not
be viewed as determinative of the views of the Oshman's board or management
with respect to the merger or the consideration provided for in the merger.

   
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
Financo's opinion to the Oshman's board in connection with the merger.
The
financial analyses summarized below include information presented in bullet
point format.
In order to fully understand Financo's financial analyses, the
bullet points must be read together with the text of each summary.
The bullet
points alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses.
Considering the data in the bullet points below without considering
the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of Financo's financial analyses.

  
Selected Precedent Transaction Analysis

   Financo reviewed selected precedent transactions involving sporting goods
retailers.
Due to the lack of comparable situations, Financo did not believe
that such precedent transactions were appropriate for direct comparison to the
merger, and, accordingly, these analyses were not applied to arrive at a
valuation of Oshman's, but were presented to the Oshman's board for its review.

Furthermore, Financo reviewed and analyzed certain publicly available
information relating to nine selected precedent transactions in the non-apparel
specialty store industry since September 1996, which are referred to as the
"selected precedent transactions," and compared the financial terms of such
transactions to those of the merger.
The nine selected precedent transactions
include:

  .  
Best Buy Co., Inc. acquisition of Musicland Stores Corporation

  .  
Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. acquisition of Petco Animal Supplies,
     Inc.

  .  
Zale Corporation acquisition of Piercing Pagoda, Inc.

  .  
Zany Brainy, Inc. acquisition of Noodle Kidoodle, Inc.

  .  
Barnes & Noble, Inc. acquisition of Funco, Inc.

  .  
Claire's Stores, Inc. acquisition of Afterthoughts, Inc.

  .  
Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. acquisition of Hechinger Company

  .  
Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. acquisition of Leslie's Poolmart, Inc.

  .  
Sears, Roebuck and Co. acquisition of Orchard Supply Hardware Stores
     Corp.

Financo's analysis was based on the closing sales price for Gart's common stock
on January 31, 2001 and indicated that for the selected precedent transactions:

  .  
the enterprise value as a multiple of latest twelve months, commonly
     referred to as "LTM," sales ranged from 0.25x to 1.18x with a median
     multiple of 0.60x, as compared to 0.33x for the enterprise value of the
     merger as a multiple of Oshman's LTM sales;

  .  
the enterprise value as a multiple of LTM earnings before interest,
     taxes, depreciation and amortization, commonly referred to as "EBITDA,"
     ranged from 4.3x to 10.1x with a median multiple of 7.0x, as compared to
     6.4x for the enterprise value of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's
     LTM EBITDA;

  .  
the enterprise value as a multiple of LTM earnings before interest and
     taxes, commonly referred to as "EBIT," ranged from 6.1x to 15.5x with a
     median multiple of 11.4x, as compared to 10.2x for the enterprise value
     of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's LTM EBIT;

  .  
the equity value as a multiple of LTM net income ranged from 7.0x to
     28.3x with a median multiple of 21.6x, as compared to 19.2x for the
     equity value of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's LTM net income
     excluding extraordinary and non-recurring items and assuming a 40% tax
     rate; and

  .  
the equity value as a multiple of book value ranged from 0.3x to 4.3x
     with a median multiple of 2.7x, as compared to 1.8x for the equity value
     of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's book value.

  
Comparable Company Analysis

   Financo reviewed and compared selected historical, financial and operating
data, projections of future financial performance that reflected a composite of
equity research analyst's estimates, and stock market performance data based on
closing stock prices as of January 31, 2001 to the corresponding data of seven
selected publicly traded companies that for purposes of this analysis may be
considered comparable to Oshman's, which are referred to as the "selected
comparable companies."
The multiples and ratios for Oshman's were based on
information provided by Oshman's management and the multiples and ratios of
each of the selected comparable companies were based on the most recent
publicly available information.

   
The seven selected comparable companies were:

  .  
Finish Line, Inc.

  .  
Footstar, Inc.

  .  
Gart Sports Company

  .  
Hibbett Sporting Goods, Inc.

  .  
Sport Chalet, Inc.

  .  
The Sports Authority, Inc.

  .  
Venator Group, Inc.

Financo's analysis based on Gart's closing stock price at January 31, 2001
indicated that for the selected comparable companies:

  .  
the enterprise value as a multiple of LTM sales ranged from 0.23x to
     1.16x with a median multiple of 0.30x, as compared to 0.33x for the
     enterprise value of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's LTM sales;

  .  
the enterprise value as a multiple of LTM EBITDA ranged from 3.3x to
     10.8x with a median multiple of 4.7x, as compared to 6.4x for the
     enterprise value of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's LTM EBITDA;

  .  
the enterprise value as a multiple of LTM EBIT ranged from 4.4x to 13.7x
     with a median multiple of 6.6x, as compared to 10.2x for the enterprise
     value of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's LTM EBIT;

  .  
the equity value as a multiple of LTM net income ranged from 7.6x to
     22.3x with a median multiple of 13.0x, as compared to 19.2x for the
     equity value of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's LTM net income
     excluding extraordinary and non-recurring items and assuming a 40% tax
     rate;

  .  
the equity value as a multiple of projected calendar 2000 net income
     ranged from 7.2x to 20.8x with a median multiple of 12.7x, as compared
     to 11.8x for the equity value of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's
     projected calendar 2000 net income excluding extraordinary and non-
     recurring items and assuming a 40% tax rate;

  .  
the equity value as a multiple of projected calendar 2001 net income
     ranged from 6.3x to 17.0x with a median multiple of 11.5x, as compared
     to 9.2x for the equity value of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's
     projected calendar 2001 net income excluding extraordinary and non-
     recurring items and assuming a 40% tax rate; and

  .  
the equity value as a multiple of book value ranged from 0.7x to 3.6x
     with a median multiple of 1.1x, as compared to 1.8x for the equity value
     of the merger as a multiple of Oshman's book value.

  
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

   Financo performed a discounted cash flow, commonly referred to as "DCF,"
analysis of the projected unlevered free cash flows of Oshman's for the fiscal
years 2001 to 2005, based upon financial forecasts provided to Financo by the
management of Oshman's and modified by Financo to incorporate potential
uncertainties in the operations and financial forecasts of Oshman's.
Financo
calculated equity value per share ranges utilizing discount rates reflecting a
weighted average cost of capital ranging from 12.0% to 13.0% and Oshman's
terminal value multiples of projected fiscal year 2005 EBITDA of 5.0x to 6.0x.

This DCF analysis resulted in equity values ranging from $16.01 to $19.29 per
Oshman's share.

   
Financo also performed a DCF analysis of the projected unlevered free cash
flows of the merged entity for the fiscal years 2001 to 2005, based upon
financial forecasts provided to Financo by the management of Gart and modified
by Financo to incorporate potential uncertainties in the operations and
financial forecasts of the merged entity.
Financo calculated equity value per
Oshman's share ranges utilizing discount rates reflecting a weighted average
cost of capital ranging from 12.0% to 13.0% and Oshman's terminal value
multiples of projected fiscal year 2005 EBITDA of 5.0x to 7.0x.
This DCF
analysis resulted in equity values ranging from $19.34 to $26.91 per Oshman's
share assuming each share of Oshman's common stock will be converted into the
right to receive an amount equal to (1) $7.00 plus (2) 0.550 shares of common
stock of Gart (subject to adjustment as provided by the merger agreement).

   
Financo noted that the DCF analysis is highly sensitive to assumptions
regarding revenue and earnings growth.
Financo also noted that the DCF analysis
values for the merged entity were higher than the values for Oshman's as a
stand-alone entity.

  
Historical Stock Trading Analysis

   Financo reviewed the history of trading prices for shares of Oshman's common
stock and Gart's common stock in relation to each other and to select other
publicly traded specialty retail companies over the period from January 16,
1998 to January 31, 2001.
Financo noted that the implied consideration in the
merger of $13.29 on January 31, 2001 represented a 42.9% premium to the closing
sales price of Oshman's common stock on January 31, 2001 of $9.30.

  
Other Analyses

   Financo conducted other analyses as it deemed necessary, including but not
limited to reviewing historical and projected financial results of Oshman's and
Gart, pro forma merger analysis, contribution analysis and premium analysis.

  
Fee Arrangements

   Pursuant to an engagement letter between Oshman's and Financo, dated August
16, 2000, Oshman's has agreed to pay Financo a transaction fee in connection
with the merger of $600,000, of which $75,000 became payable to Financo upon
Financo's engagement, $250,000 became payable to Financo upon delivery of the
Financo fairness opinion on February 21, 2001, and the balance will be payable
upon consummation of the merger.
Oshman's has also agreed to reimburse Financo
for its out-of-pocket expenses, including the fees and expenses of legal
counsel and other advisors.
In addition, Oshman's has agreed to indemnify
Financo and certain related persons against certain liabilities in connection
with its engagement, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.

   
Margaret A. Gilliam, a member of the Oshman's board of directors, is a
consultant to Financo, receives a monthly retainer from Financo in connection
therewith, and, in certain cases, receives fees in connection with referrals
she may make to Financo.
Although Ms. Gilliam referred Oshman's to Financo, she
did not and will not receive any referral fee in connection with Financo's
engagement by Oshman's.
Ms. Gilliam's position as a Financo consultant was
generally known to the Oshman's board and was specifically and expressly
disclosed to the board in connection with its evaluation of potential financial
advisors.
The board determined that Ms. Gilliam's interest did not detract from
the experience and knowledge that Financo would provide as Oshman's financial
advisor, and the board voted unanimously, with Ms. Gilliam abstaining, to
retain Financo in that capacity.


Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

  Interests of Gart's Directors and Officers in the Merger

   Jonathan D. Sokoloff and Jonathan A. Seiffer are current directors of Gart,
and also are being nominated for re-election to Gart's board of directors.
Mr.
Sokoloff and Mr. Seiffer may be deemed to have an interest in the merger that
is different from, or in addition to, the interest of Gart stockholders.
Gart's
board of directors recognized this interest and determined that it did not
detract from the advisability to Gart stockholders of the issuance of Gart
common stock in the merger.

   
Upon the completion of the merger, Gart will pay to Leonard Green &
Partners, L.P. transaction fees in the amount of $4 million.
Mr. Sokoloff and
Mr. Seiffer are partners of Leonard Green & Partners, L.P.
As a result of their
relationship with Leonard Green & Partners, L.P., Mr. Sokoloff and Mr. Seiffer
will receive a benefit from the merger that is in addition to the benefits that
will be received by Gart stockholders.

  
Interests of Oshman's Directors and Officers in the Merger

   General.
Some of the members of the Oshman's board and management team may
be deemed to have interests in the merger that are different from or in
addition to the interests of Oshman's stockholders.
The Oshman's board
recognized these interests and determined that these interests did not detract
from the fairness of the merger to Oshman's stockholders.

   
Indemnification.
Gart has agreed in the merger agreement that it and the
surviving corporation in the merger will indemnify any Oshman's officer or
director against liabilities with respect to all acts and omissions arising out
of such person's services as an officer or director of Oshman's.
Gart and the
surviving corporation also have agreed to cause to be maintained in effect for
the next six years directors' and officers' liability insurance to cover any
such liabilities for the next six years.

   
Acceleration of Vesting of Stock Options.
Under Oshman's 1994 Omnibus Plan
and 1993 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, all outstanding options to
acquire shares of Oshman's common stock are anticipated to become vested upon a
"change in control" as a result of Oshman's stockholders approving the merger.

As of the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, Oshman's directors and
officers together hold options to acquire 576,000 shares of Oshman's common
stock.
The vesting of options to acquire 340,700 of these shares is anticipated
to be accelerated in connection with the merger.

   
Severance or Bonus Payments Related to Change of Control.
Oshman's has two
executive severance policies: a Statement of Policy Regarding Key Executive
Severance Pay Bonus Program and a Statement of Policy Regarding Executive
Severance Pay Bonus Program.

   
Under the policy for key executives, Marilyn Oshman, chairman of the board,
Alvin N. Lubetkin, vice chairman of the board, chief executive officer and
president, Marvin Aronowitz, director and former chief executive officer, and
Steven U. Rath, executive vice president and secretary, are entitled to be paid
an amount equal to the lesser of 299% of the person's "base amount" as defined
in the Internal Revenue Code, which is generally the same as such person's
average annual compensation, or the maximum amount of additional compensation
that may be paid to such person without Oshman's losing any federal income tax
deduction for such payments or the key executive being subjected to a federal
excise tax on such payments.

   
Under the policy for executives, Steven A. Martin, senior vice president and
chief financial officer, Richard L. Randall, senior vice president, and Thomas
J. McVey, senior vice president, are entitled to be paid an amount equal to the
lesser of $125,000 or the maximum amount of additional compensation that may be
paid to such person without Oshman's losing any federal income tax deduction
for such payments or the employee being subjected to a federal excise tax on
such payments; provided that the maximum compensation payable to each executive
cannot exceed 200% of the compensation paid in the fiscal year immediately
preceding his termination.

   
The executives are entitled to receive the severance or bonus payments if
either (1) they continue to be employed by Oshman's for more than six months
after a "change of control" or (2) within six months after a change of control,
they are terminated for any reason other than for "cause" as defined in the
policies, by the executive for "good reason" as defined in the policies, or by
reason of death or disability.

   
It is anticipated that Oshman's executive officers together will receive
severance or bonus payments under these plans equal to approximately
$2,500,000.

   
Termination of Restrictions on Restricted Stock and Early Payment of Federal
Tax Benefit.
In 1994, Alvin N. Lubetkin, Oshman's vice chairman of the board,
chief executive officer and president, received a grant of 100,000 shares of
restricted stock under Oshman's 1994 Omnibus Plan.
The restrictions on these
shares terminate upon a "change in control.
"

   The restricted stock grant also provides that Oshman's will pay to Mr.
Lubetkin the U.S. federal tax benefit, if any, realized by Oshman's from the
tax deduction for compensation resulting from the grant.
In connection with
entering into the merger agreement, and with the consent of Gart, Oshman's
amended the tax benefit payment provisions of the grant in order to address
certain U.S. federal income tax issues that the parties determined were
necessary to resolve before the merger agreement could be executed.
The grant
was amended to provide that Mr. Lubetkin will be paid an estimated amount of
$413,651 immediately following the completion of the merger rather than at an
indeterminable time in the future.
In addition, if Oshman's realizes tax
benefits earlier than forecasted, Mr. Lubetkin potentially could receive an
additional payment of up to $21,842 after January 31, 2003.

   
Consulting and Non-Competition Agreements.
Ms. Oshman and Mr. Lubetkin each
have agreed with Gart to enter into a Consulting and Non-Competition Agreement
following the completion of the merger and their termination of employment with
Oshman's.
Mr. Lubetkin's agreement will last for two and one-half years with
annual compensation of $400,000 during the first year and $350,000 per year
during the remainder of the term of the agreement.
He also will receive an
option to purchase 50,000 shares of Gart common stock with an exercise price
equal to the market price on the date the merger is completed and vesting at
the rate of 10,000 shares every six months.
Ms. Oshman's agreement will last
for one year with annual compensation of $175,000.
She also will receive an
option to purchase 20,000 shares of Gart common stock with an exercise price
equal to the market price on the date the merger is completed and vesting at
the rate of 10,000 shares every six months.
Both Mr. Lubetkin and Ms. Oshman
will agree not to compete with Gart for a period of two years after termination
of their agreements.
The agreements also provide for continued use of their
offices, expense reimbursements and health care benefits on the same bases as
executive employees of Gart.

   
Election of Two Directors to the Board of Directors of Gart.
Consistent with
the merger agreement, Gart will appoint two persons designated by the Oshman's
board of directors to serve on the Gart board of directors following the
merger, and Gart will nominate those persons for election at the 2002 annual
meeting of Gart stockholders.
Green Equity Investors, L.P. has agreed to vote
in favor of those nominees.
Green Equity Investors, L.P. holds approximately
64% of the outstanding shares of Gart common stock.
If the merger is completed,
immediately following the completion of the merger, Green Equity Investors,
L.P. will hold approximately 44% of the outstanding shares of Gart common
stock, assuming a conversion ratio in the merger of 0.55 shares of Gart common
stock for each outstanding share of Oshman's common stock.
The Oshman's board
of directors has designated Ms. Oshman and Mr. Lubetkin to serve on the Gart
board of directors.
Although neither Ms. Oshman nor Mr. Lubetkin will receive
any additional compensation for their service on the Gart board during the
terms of their respective consulting agreements with Gart, after the
termination of their agreements, Ms. Oshman and Mr. Lubetkin each would receive
compensation as non-employee directors.
Currently, Gart grants non-employee
directors options to purchase 10,000 shares of Gart common stock upon joining
the board of directors, grants them options for an additional 5,000 shares each
year, and pays them $25,000 per year, payable quarterly either in cash or in
restricted shares, at the election of each director.
In addition, each director
is paid $1,500 for attendance at each meeting of the board or of a committee.

Directors also are reimbursed for the expenses they incur in attending
meetings.
See the discussion under "Information About Gart's Board of Directors
and Its Committees--Compensation of Directors.
"

   Registration Rights for Gart Common Stock.
Gart has agreed to enter into a
registration rights agreement with Ms. Oshman, Judy O. Margolis, a significant
stockholder of Oshman's common stock and Ms. Oshman's sister, their affiliated
trusts, and certain other Oshman's stockholders whose shares of Gart common
stock received in the merger may not be freely tradable.
For a description of
this agreement, see "The Merger and Related Transactions--Registration Rights
Agreement."


Financing for the Merger

 General

   Pursuant to a letter agreement, The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. has
committed to enter into a new secured credit facility providing for loans to
Gart and its subsidiaries of up to $300 million.
The letter agreement
contemplates that:

  .  
the new credit facility will be executed in connection with the
     consummation of the merger; and

  .  
concurrently with such execution, each of the Financing Agreement, by
     and among The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc., Gart Bros. Sporting Goods
     Company and Sportmart, Inc., dated January 9, 1998 (the "Gart Financing
     Agreement"), and the Amended and Restated Financing Agreement, by and
     among The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. and Oshman's subsidiaries,
     dated December 15, 1997, as amended (the "Oshman's Financing
     Agreement"), will be terminated.

   
The consummation of the merger is subject to, among other things, the
condition that the financing to be provided under the new credit facility will
have been consummated on terms reasonably consistent with those contained in
the letter agreement, and that the Gart Financing Agreement and the Oshman's
Financing Agreement each will have been terminated.

   
Revolving Line of Credit; Letters of Credit

   The credit facility will provide for loans of up to the lesser of: (1) the
result of a borrowing base formula, generally the lesser of (A) 70% of eligible
inventory, except for two 90-day periods (to be mutually agreed upon by Gart
and CIT) during the first loan year and one 90-day period in each subsequent
loan year when the advance rate may, at Gart's discretion, increase to 75% of
eligible inventory or (B) 85% of the liquidation value of inventory; or (2)
$300 million, to Gart on a revolving basis and also will provide for the
lenders to assist Gart in obtaining documentary or standby letters of credit.

Up to a maximum amount of $25 million of obligations under documentary or
standby letters of credit may be outstanding at any time.

   
Interest Rate Elections

   Gart will be able to elect one of two interest rate options:

  .  
the annual rate of interest announced by The Chase Manhattan Bank (or
     any successor) as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in
     New York City (the "Chase Bank Rate"); or

  .  
the London Interbank Offered Rate paid in London by The Chase Manhattan
     Bank (or any successor) on one month, two month, three month, six month
     or nine month dollar deposits, plus 2.0% (the "LIBOR Rate").


After the one year anniversary of the closing of the financing, the interest
rate will be reduced or increased quarterly, based on Gart's EBITDA for the
four fiscal quarters most recently ended.
The margin for the interest rate will
range from 0.0% to 0.25% over the Chase Bank Rate and from 1.50% to 2.25% over
the LIBOR Rate.

   
Fees and Expenses

   Gart will pay a line of credit fee of 0.375% per annum on the unused portion
of the line of credit, payable at the end of each month.
For letters of credit,
the lenders will receive fees in an amount equal to 1.25% per annum of the face
amount of each outstanding letter of credit, less all amounts previously drawn
under the letters of credit.
Any charges imposed on the lenders by the banks
issuing the letters of credit will be borne by Gart.

   
CIT will receive a collateral management fee, payable on the date of the
closing of the financing and on each subsequent anniversary of the closing.
In
addition, CIT will receive at closing a facility fee and a syndication fee.
CIT
will receive a commitment fee if the merger is consummated but the financing
with CIT is not consummated.

   
Gart will reimburse CIT for all of its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with the line of credit, including reasonable attorneys' fees.

   
Collateral

   To secure its obligations under the credit facility, Gart will give the
lenders a first and exclusive lien on all of its present and future accounts
receivable, inventory, trademarks, patents, general intangibles, equipment,
future owned real estate and issued and outstanding stock of any of Gart's
subsidiaries, as well as the proceeds of the foregoing.

   
Guarantees

   Gart will guarantee the line of credit.

   
Use of Proceeds

   The proceeds of the new credit facility will be used for the following
purposes:

  .  
to pay all necessary cash payments to be made by Gart and the surviving
     corporation in connection with the merger and the other transactions
     contemplated by the merger agreement;

  .  
to pay fees and expenses related to the merger; and

  .  
to provide working capital financing.

   Conditions to Financing; Covenants

   The funding of the new credit facility will be subject to the following
conditions and other customary closing conditions:

  .  
the successful completion of, and compliance with, the terms of the
     commitment letter, including an inventory appraisal in CIT's discretion
     and payment of fees and expenses;

  .  
the execution and delivery of legal documentation, satisfactory in form
     to Gart and CIT and their respective counsels;

  .  
the absence of a material adverse effect on:

    .  
Gart's business, as now conducted or proposed to be conducted; its
       results of operations; its financial or other condition; its assets
       or liabilities, contingent or otherwise; or its prospects; or

    .  
Gart's ability to perform its obligations pursuant to the commitment
       letter or pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the
       commitment letter;

  .  
CIT's receipt of legal opinions from Gart's counsel that are
     satisfactory to CIT, including to the effect that federal and state
     securities laws and the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
     have been fully complied with;

  .  
Gart's excess revolving loan availability must be at least $20 million;
     and

  .  
CIT's receipt of, and satisfaction with, the merger agreement.

   
In connection with the new credit facility, Gart also will make customary
representations, warranties and covenants.
Gart's financial covenants will be
limited to covenants regarding Gart's net worth and its minimum interest
coverage ratio.
In addition, Gart will be required to provide the lenders with
monthly interim financial statements and fiscal year-end audited financial
statements.

   
Term of Credit Facility; Termination

   The new credit facility will have an initial term of four years, and will be
renewable automatically for additional one-year terms, unless terminated by the
lenders after the initial term upon 60 days' written notice.
In addition, the
lenders will be allowed to terminate the credit facility upon the occurrence of
certain events of default.
Gart will be able to terminate the credit facility
at any time, with 60 days' prior written notice to CIT, but Gart will be
required to pay an early termination premium if such termination is before the
end of the expiration of the initial term.
The early termination premium will
be calculated by multiplying the revolving line of credit by (1) 0.50%, if the
credit facility is terminated on or prior to two years after closing, or (2)
0.25%, if the credit facility is terminated on or prior to three years after
closing.


Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger

   Gart and Oshman's will complete the merger when all of the conditions to the
completion of the merger are satisfied or waived, including approval of the
merger agreement by Oshman's stockholders and approval of the issuance of Gart
common stock in connection with the merger by Gart stockholders.
The merger
will become effective upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the State
of Delaware.

   
Gart and Oshman's are working towards completing the merger as quickly as
possible.
Gart and Oshman's currently plan to complete the merger late in the
second calendar quarter or early in the third calendar quarter of 2001.


Structure of the Merger

   Conversion of Oshman's Common Stock

   At the effective time of the merger, each share of Oshman's common stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger
(except for shares held in Oshman's treasury, shares held by Gart or GSC
Acquisition, or shares held by stockholders who have properly perfected their
rights as dissenting stockholders under Delaware law) will be cancelled and
automatically converted into the right to receive $7.00 in cash plus 0.55
shares of Gart common stock upon surrender of the certificate representing the
share of Oshman's common stock in the manner provided in the merger agreement.

The mix between cash and Gart common stock is subject to adjustment pursuant to
the merger agreement as described in "Adjustment in Mix of Merger
Consideration" below.

   
Adjustment in Mix of Merger Consideration

   The merger agreement provides that, if the closing sales price of a share of
Gart common stock is equal to or greater than $9.50 on the closing date of the
merger, then each share of Oshman's common stock will be converted into the
right to receive an amount equal to $7.00 in cash (as adjusted, the "Cash
Consideration") and 0.55 (as adjusted, the "Conversion Ratio") shares of Gart
common stock (as adjusted, the "Stock Consideration").
In the event that the
closing sales price of a share of Gart common stock is less than $9.50 on the
closing date of the merger, then the merger agreement provides that the amount
of the Cash Consideration, the Conversion Ratio and the Stock Consideration
will be adjusted automatically as follows:

    .  
first, the dollar value per share of the merger consideration (the
       "Dollar Value Per Share") will be determined by adding (A) the Cash
       Consideration (before giving effect to any adjustment) to (B) the
       result of multiplying the Conversion Ratio (before giving effect to
       any adjustment) by the closing sales price of a share of Gart common
       stock on the closing date of the merger;

    .  
next, the amount of the Cash Consideration will be adjusted to equal
       the result of multiplying 0.57 by the Dollar Value Per Share;

    .  
next, the Conversion Ratio will be adjusted to equal the result of
       dividing (A) the amount equal to (1) the Dollar Value Per Share
       minus (2) the Cash Consideration (after giving effect to the above
       adjustment) by (B) the closing sale price of a share of Gart common
       stock on the closing date of the merger; and

    .  
finally, the amount of the Stock Consideration will be adjusted
       using the Conversion Ratio (after giving effect to the above
       adjustment).

   
For example, if the closing sales price of a share of Gart common stock is
$9.00 on the closing date of the merger, then the mix of cash consideration and
Gart common stock will be adjusted so that each share of Oshman's common stock
will be converted into the right to receive $6.8115 in cash and 0.5709 shares
of Gart common stock.
As a result, the equivalent price per share of Oshman's
common stock on the closing date would be $11.9496.
If the closing sales price
of a share of Gart common stock is $8.00 on the closing date of the merger,
then the mix of cash consideration and Gart common stock will be adjusted so
that each share of Oshman's common stock will be converted into the right to
receive $6.498 in cash and 0.6128 shares of Gart common stock.
As a result, the
equivalent price per share of Oshman's common stock on the closing date would
be $11.4004.

   
Under the merger agreement, Gart and Oshman's each will have the right to
terminate the merger agreement if the closing sales price of a share of Gart
common stock is less than $7.00 on the closing date of the merger.

  
Exchange of Oshman's Stock Certificates for Gart Stock Certificates

   When the merger is completed, the exchange agent will mail to Oshman's
stockholders instructions for surrendering their Oshman's stock certificates in
exchange for Gart stock certificates.
If an Oshman's stock certificate is lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Oshman's stockholder will have to deliver an affidavit
and, if required, a bond.
When Oshman's stockholders deliver their Oshman's
stock certificates to the exchange agent along with any required documents, the
Oshman's stock certificates will be cancelled and the stockholders will receive
Gart stock certificates representing the number of full shares of Gart common
stock to which they are entitled under the merger agreement.
No fractional
shares of Gart common stock will be issued in connection with the merger.

Instead, Oshman's stockholders will receive cash, without interest, in lieu of
a fraction of a share of Gart common stock.

   
Oshman's stockholders should not submit their Oshman's stock certificates
for exchange until they receive instructions from the exchange agent.

   
Oshman's stockholders are not entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions on Gart common stock until the merger is completed and they have
surrendered their Oshman's stock certificates in exchange for Gart stock
certificates.
Oshman's stockholders will receive payment for any dividend or
other distribution on Gart common stock with a record date after the merger and
a payment date prior to the date they surrender their Oshman's stock
certificates promptly after their Gart stock certificates are issued.
Oshman's
stockholders will receive payment for any dividend or other distribution on
Gart common stock with a record date after the merger and a payment date after
the date they surrender their Gart stock certificates promptly after the
payment date.

   
Gart only will issue a Gart stock certificate or a check in lieu of a
fractional share in a name other than the name in which a surrendered Oshman's
stock certificate is registered if the unregistered stockholder presents the
exchange agent with all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded
transfer of ownership and show that the stockholder paid any applicable stock
transfer taxes.
If an Oshman's stock certificate has been lost, stolen or
destroyed, the stockholder may need to deliver an affidavit or bond prior to
receiving the Gart stock certificate.


United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

   This section of this joint proxy statement-prospectus summarizes the
material United States federal income tax considerations relevant to the merger
that apply to certain holders of Oshman's common stock and Gart common stock.

This discussion is based upon provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, Treasury
regulations, and administrative rulings and court decisions in effect as of the
date of this document, all of which are subject to change.
Any such change,
which may or may not be retroactive, could alter the tax consequences to
holders of Oshman's common stock or Gart common stock as described in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus.

   
This summary does not discuss all United States federal income tax
considerations that may be relevant to particular Oshman's stockholders or Gart
stockholders in light of their individual investment circumstances.
Factors
that could alter the tax consequences of the merger to individual stockholders
include:

  .  
if a stockholder is a dealer in securities, foreign person or entity,
     partnership, tax-exempt organization, financial institution, or
     insurance company;

  .  
if a stockholder is subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of
     the Internal Revenue Code;

  .  
if a stockholder does not hold his, her or its shares as capital assets;

  .  
if a stockholder acquired his, her or its shares in connection with
     stock option or stock purchase plans or in other compensatory
     transactions;

  .  
if a stockholder holds stock as part of an integrated investment,
     including a "straddle," "hedge," or "conversion transaction," comprised
     of shares of Oshman's or Gart common stock and one or more other
     positions;

  .  
if a stockholder holds Oshman's common stock subject to the constructive
     sale provisions of Section 1259 of the Internal Revenue Code; or

  .  
if a stockholder holds Oshman's common stock and, in addition, holds
     Gart common stock, actually or constructively within the meaning of the
     Internal Revenue Code, at the time of the merger.

   
In addition, this summary does not describe the tax consequences of the
merger under foreign, state or local tax laws, the tax consequences of
transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the
merger, whether or not any such transactions are undertaken in connection with
the merger, including, without limitation, any transaction in which shares of
Oshman's common stock are acquired or shares of Gart common stock are disposed
of, or the tax consequences to holders of options, warrants or similar rights
to acquire Oshman's common stock.
Accordingly, Gart and Oshman's urge each
stockholder to consult the stockholder's own tax advisor as to the specific tax
consequences of the merger, including the applicable federal, state, local and
foreign tax consequences to the stockholder of the merger.

   
The completion of the merger is conditioned upon receipt by Gart and
Oshman's of opinions from their respective accountants, Deloitte & Touche LLP
and Grant Thornton LLP, that the merger will constitute a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The tax opinions
will be rendered on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions set
forth or referred to in those opinions, including factual representations
contained in certificates of officers of Gart and Oshman's.
These tax opinions
also will be based upon the Internal Revenue Code, Treasury regulations and
administrative rulings and court decisions in effect on the date of the
opinions, all of which are subject to change.

   
One of the requirements that must be satisfied in order for the merger to
qualify as a reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code is the continuity
of stockholder interest requirement.
This requirement will be satisfied if
Oshman's stockholders exchange a substantial portion of their proprietary
interests in Oshman's for proprietary interests in Gart.
The Internal Revenue
Service takes the position for advance ruling purposes that the continuity of
stockholder interest requirement is satisfied in a reorganization if the value
of the acquiring corporation's stock received in the reorganization by the
acquired corporation's stockholders equals or exceeds 50% of the total
consideration paid for the stock of the acquired corporation in the
reorganization.
In the opinion of the companies' respective accountants, the
continuity of stockholder interest requirement will be satisfied under
applicable case law if the value of the Gart common stock received in the
reorganization by Oshman's stockholders equals or exceeds 40% of the total
consideration paid for the stock of Oshman's in the reorganization.

   
Assuming the merger qualifies as a section 368 reorganization, it will have
the following consequences to the corporations and their shareholders.

   
Tax Consequences to Parties Other Than Holders of Oshman's Common Stock

   Gart, GSC Acquisition, holders of Gart common stock and Oshman's will not
recognize a gain or loss solely as a result of the merger.

   
Treatment of Holders of Oshman's Common Stock

   With respect to Oshman's stockholders who hold their Oshman's common stock
as a "capital asset" (generally, property held for investment) under the
Internal Revenue Code, qualification of the merger as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code will result in the
federal income tax consequences described below.

   
Each Oshman's stockholder will recognize capital gain, if any, realized in
the transaction but will not recognize any loss realized in the transaction.

The amount of capital gain that is recognized will be calculated separately for
each block of Oshman's common stock surrendered, in an amount equal to the
lesser of (1) the amount of gain realized in respect of such block (i.e., the
excess of (a) the sum of the amount of cash and fair market value of Gart
common stock received that is allocable to such block of Oshman's common stock
over (b) the adjusted tax basis of such block) and (2) the amount of cash
received that is allocable to such block.
Based upon the mix of merger
consideration, a recognized gain will not have the effect of the distribution
of a dividend under a judicially developed test.
Such capital gain will
constitute long-term capital gain, subject to a tax rate of 20% in the case of
an individual stockholder, if such block of Oshman's stock has been held for
more than one year at the time of the merger.
For this purpose, all of the cash
and Gart common stock received by an Oshman's stockholder will be allocated
proportionately among the blocks of Oshman's common stock surrendered by such
holder.
The adjusted tax basis of the new Gart common stock received in
exchange for a block of Oshman's common stock will be equal to the adjusted tax
basis of such surrendered block of Oshman's common stock, decreased by the
amount of cash received in respect of such block and increased by the amount of
gain recognized in respect of such block.
The holding period of the Gart common
stock will include the holding period of such block of Oshman's common stock
surrendered.

   
Cash payments received by an Oshman's stockholder for a fractional share of
Gart common stock will be treated as if such fractional share had been issued
in the merger and then redeemed by Gart.
A stockholder will recognize a gain or
loss with respect to such cash payment, measured by the difference, if any,
between the amount of cash received and the tax basis of such fractional share,
and this gain or loss generally will be a capital gain or loss.

   
Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, an Oshman's stockholder
could recognize a gain to the extent that shares of Gart common stock are
considered to be received in exchange for services or property, other than
solely for Oshman's common stock.
All or a portion of such gain may be taxable
as ordinary income.
A gain also may have to be recognized to the extent that
Oshman's stockholders are treated as receiving, directly or indirectly,
consideration other than Gart common stock in exchange for Oshman's common
stock.

   
No rulings have been or will be requested from the Internal Revenue Service
with respect to any matters discussed herein.
There can be no assurance that
the Internal Revenue Service will not take positions contrary to those
described above or, if challenged by the Internal Revenue Service, that a court
will not sustain the Internal Revenue Service's position.

   
If the Internal Revenue Service successfully challenges the status of the
merger as a reorganization, each Oshman's stockholder will recognize taxable
gain or loss with respect to each share of Oshman's common stock surrendered
equal to the difference between the adjusted tax basis of such share and the
sum of the fair market value, as of the completion of the merger, of the Gart
common stock and the amount of cash received by the stockholder in exchange
therefor.
In such event, the aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Gart common
stock so received would equal its fair market value at the time of the merger,
and the holding period for such stock would begin the day after the merger.

Such gain or loss will generally be a capital gain or loss.
A gain or loss must
be calculated separately for each block of stock held by a stockholder.

   
In addition, if the merger is not viewed as a reorganization, Oshman's would
be deemed to have sold its assets to GSC Acquisition and will recognize gain
equal to the difference between the adjusted tax basis of the Oshman's assets
and the sum of (1) the consideration given to the Oshman's stockholders, which
includes (a) the fair market value, as of the completion of the merger, of the
Gart common stock and (b) the amount of cash received by the Oshman's
stockholders in the exchange and (2) the liabilities of Oshman's.
The resulting
tax liability will be assumed by GSC Acquisition under the merger.
In such
event, the adjusted tax basis of the former Oshman's assets will be increased
by the gain recognized and the related tax liability.


Accounting Treatment of the Merger

   Gart and Oshman's intend to account for the merger using the purchase method
of accounting.


Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to Complete the Merger

   The Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
requires the ultimate parent entities of each of Gart and Oshman's to file
Notification and Report Forms with the Bureau of Competition of the Federal
Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice
containing information relating to the parties to the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
Gart and Oshman's are
required to observe a waiting period after the filings have been made before
completing the merger.
In compliance with the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act, Gart and Oshman's both filed their Notification and Report
Forms on March 9, 2001.
Under the merger agreement, a condition to the
completion of the merger is the expiration or termination of the applicable
waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act.
Early
termination was granted on March 19, 2001.

   
The Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice may challenge the
merger on antitrust grounds either before or after the expiration or
termination of the waiting period.
Accordingly, at any time before or after the
completion of the merger, either the Federal Trade Commission or the Department
of Justice could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest.
In addition,

state antitrust authorities or private persons or entities could take certain
actions, including seeking to enjoin the merger under the antitrust laws at any
time prior to the completion of the merger or compelling rescission or
divestiture subsequent to the merger.
There can be no assurance that a
challenge to the merger will not be made or that, if a challenge is made, Gart
and Oshman's will prevail and the merger will be completed.


Restrictions on Sales of Shares by Affiliates of Gart and Oshman's

   The shares of Gart common stock to be issued in connection with the merger
will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of Gart common stock issued to any
person who is deemed to be an "affiliate" of either Gart or Oshman's.
Persons
who may be deemed to be affiliates include individuals or entities that
control, are controlled by, or are under common control of either Gart or
Oshman's and may include some of their respective officers and directors as
well as the principal stockholders of Gart and Oshman's.
Affiliates may not
sell their shares of Gart common stock acquired in connection with the merger
except pursuant to:

  .  
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
     the resale of those shares;

  .  
an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act;
     or

  .  
any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

   
In accordance with the merger agreement, Gart has agreed to enter into a
registration rights agreement with certain Oshman's stockholders who may be
deemed to be affiliates of Oshman's.
The registration rights agreement will
grant to these stockholders certain demand and "piggyback" registration rights
with respect to shares of Gart common stock received by them in the merger.
The
registration rights agreement also will set forth certain limitations on the
ability of these stockholders to sell their shares.

   
Gart's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
statement-prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of Gart
common stock to be received by affiliates of Gart or Oshman's in the merger.


Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Gart Common Stock to be Issued in the
Merger

   Gart has agreed to cause the shares of Gart common stock to be issued in the
merger to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market before the completion of the
merger.


Delisting and Deregistration of Oshman's Common Stock After the Merger

   When the merger is completed, Oshman's common stock will be delisted from
the American Stock Exchange and will be deregistered under the Exchange Act.


Dissenters' and Appraisal Rights

   
The following summary of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
is qualified in its entirety by Section 262, which is reprinted as Annex E to
this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
Although we believe that the following
summary describes the material aspects of Section 262 and the law relating to
dissenters' and appraisal rights, the summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to Oshman's stockholders.
Oshman's stockholders
should read carefully this summary and the attached Section 262 for a more
complete understanding of dissenters' and appraisal rights.

   
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, holders of Oshman's common stock
will be entitled to assert appraisal rights (sometimes referred to as
"dissenters' rights") in connection with the proposed merger.
Oshman's
stockholders who elect to exercise appraisal rights must comply with the
procedures described in Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

Any Oshman's stockholder who is eligible to exercise

appraisal rights and properly does so will be paid in cash the "fair value" of
the stockholder's shares of Oshman's common stock.
Fair value takes into
account all relevant factors but excludes any appreciation or depreciation in
anticipation of the merger.

   
This joint proxy statement-prospectus is being sent to holders of record of
Oshman's common stock as of the record date for the special meeting of Oshman's
stockholders and constitutes notice of the appraisal rights available to
Oshman's stockholders under Section 262.
The statutory right of appraisal
granted by Section 262 is complex and requires strict compliance with the
procedures contained in Section 262.
Failure by any Oshman's stockholder to
follow any of these procedures may result in a termination or waiver of the
appraisal rights available to the stockholder under Section 262.

   
If an Oshman's stockholder elects to exercise appraisal rights under Section
262, the stockholder must comply with the following procedures:

  .  
Prior to the vote on the merger at the special meeting of Oshman's
     stockholders, the Oshman's stockholder must deliver to Oshman's a
     written demand for appraisal of the shares of Oshman's common stock held
     by the stockholder.
The written demand must (1) identify the Oshman's
     stockholder as a stockholder of record and (2) state the stockholder's
     intention to demand appraisal of the shares of Oshman's common stock
     held by the stockholder.
Merely voting against adoption of the merger
     agreement, abstaining from voting or failing to vote with respect to
     adoption of the merger agreement will not constitute a demand for
     appraisal within the meaning of Section 262.
A demand for appraisal must
     be executed by or for the Oshman's stockholder as a holder of record,
     fully and correctly, as the stockholder's name appears on the stock
     certificate(s) representing shares of Oshman's common stock.
If an
     Oshman's stockholder owns Oshman's common stock in a fiduciary capacity,
     such as a trustee, guardian or custodian, the stockholder must disclose
     the fact that the stockholder is signing the demand in that capacity.
If
     an Oshman's stockholder owns Oshman's common stock jointly with one or
     more persons, all of the joint owners must sign the demand for
     appraisal.
The written demand for appraisal by an Oshman's stockholder
     should be delivered to: Attention: Steven U. Rath, secretary, Oshman's
     Sporting Goods, Inc., 2302 Maxwell Lane, Houston, Texas 77023.

  .  
The Oshman's stockholder must refrain from voting for the adoption of
     the merger agreement and the approval of the merger.
If an Oshman's
     stockholder votes, by proxy or in person, in favor of the adoption of
     the merger agreement and the approval of the merger, the stockholder's
     right to appraisal will terminate.
In addition, the right to appraisal
     of an Oshman's stockholder will terminate if the stockholder returns a
     signed proxy and (1) fails to vote against the adoption of the merger
     agreement and the approval of the merger or (2) fails to note that the
     stockholder is abstaining from voting.
With respect to items (1) and
     (2), the appraisal rights of an Oshman's stockholder will be terminated
     even if the stockholder previously filed a written demand for appraisal.

  .  
The Oshman's stockholder must continuously hold the stockholder's shares
     of Oshman's common stock from the date on which the Oshman's stockholder
     makes the demand for appraisal through the completion of the merger.
If
     a stockholder is the record holder of Oshman's common stock on the date
     on which the stockholder makes the written demand for appraisal, but
     prior to the merger the stockholder transfers the shares owned by the
     stockholder, the stockholder will lose any right to appraisal with
     respect to those shares.

   
Any beneficial owner who is not a record owner and who intends to exercise
appraisal rights should instruct the applicable record owner to comply with the
statutory requirements with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights before
the date of the Oshman's special meeting.

   
Shares of Oshman's common stock that are outstanding immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger, with respect to which appraisal shall have
been properly demanded in accordance with Section 262, will not be converted
into the right to receive shares of Gart common stock in the merger unless and
until the holder of the shares withdraws the demand for appraisal or the shares
become ineligible for appraisal.

   
Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, GSC Acquisition, the
surviving corporation in the merger, is required to send notice of the
effectiveness of the merger to each stockholder of Oshman's that, prior to the
completion of the merger, has complied with the requirements of Section 262.

   
Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger, GSC Acquisition or
any Oshman's stockholder that has complied with the requirements of Section 262
may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a determination
of the fair value of the shares of Oshman's common stock held by all Oshman's
stockholders seeking appraisal.
A dissenting Oshman's stockholder must serve a
copy of the petition on GSC Acquisition.
If no petition is filed by either GSC
Acquisition or any dissenting Oshman's stockholder within the 120-day period
after the effective date of the merger, the rights of all dissenting Oshman's
stockholders to appraisal will cease.
Oshman's stockholders seeking to exercise
appraisal rights should not assume that GSC Acquisition will file a petition
with respect to the appraisal of the fair value of their shares or that GSC
Acquisition will initiate any negotiations with respect to the fair value of
those shares.
GSC Acquisition is under no obligation, and has no present
intention, to take any action in this regard.
Accordingly, Oshman's
stockholders that wish to seek appraisal of their shares should initiate all
necessary action with respect to the perfection of their appraisal rights
within the time periods and in the manner prescribed in Section 262.
Failure to
file the petition with the Delaware Court of Chancery on a timely basis will
cause the right to an appraisal of an Oshman's stockholder to cease.

   
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any Oshman's
stockholder who has complied with subsections (a) and (d) of Section 262 is
entitled, upon written request, to receive from GSC Acquisition a statement
setting forth (1) the total number of shares of Oshman's common stock not voted
in favor of the merger with respect to which demands for appraisal have been
received and (2) the number of holders of those shares.
The statement must be
mailed within 10 days after Oshman's has received the written request for the
statement or within 10 days after the time for delivery of demands for
appraisal under subsection (d) of Section 262 has expired, whichever is later.

   
If a petition for an appraisal is filed in a timely manner, at the hearing
on that petition, the Delaware Court of Chancery will determine which Oshman's
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and will appraise the shares of
Oshman's common stock owned by those stockholders.
The court will determine the
fair value of the shares of Oshman's common stock, exclusive of any element of
value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together
with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the fair value.
The
Delaware Court of Chancery may require Oshman's stockholders that have demanded
appraisal rights for their shares of Oshman's common stock and that hold
certificates representing the shares to submit the certificates to the Register
in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings.

The Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to any Oshman's
stockholder that fails to comply with any such directions.

   
Oshman's stockholders that consider seeking appraisal should consider that
the fair value of their shares under Section 262 could be more than, the same
as, or less than, the value of the consideration provided for in the merger
agreement without the exercise of appraisal rights.
The Delaware Court of
Chancery may determine the cost of the appraisal proceeding and assess it
against the parties as the court deems equitable.
Upon application of a
dissenting Oshman's stockholder, the Delaware Court of Chancery may order that
all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any dissenting Oshman's
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including reasonable
attorney's fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata
against the value of all shares of Oshman's common stock entitled to appraisal.

In the absence of a court determination or assessment, each party will bear its
own expenses.

   
Any Oshman's stockholder who has demanded appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 will not, after the effective date of the merger, be entitled to
vote the stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other
distributions, if any, on the Oshman's common stock, except for dividends or
distributions, if any, payable to Oshman's stockholders of record on a date
prior to the effective date of the merger.

   
An Oshman's stockholder may withdraw a demand for appraisal and accept the
merger consideration in accordance with the merger agreement at any time within
60 days after the effective date of the merger.
After this 60-day period, an
Oshman's stockholder may withdraw a demand for appraisal only with the written
approval of GSC Acquisition.
If an appraisal proceeding is properly instituted,
it may not be dismissed as to any Oshman's stockholder without the approval of
the Delaware Court of Chancery, and this approval may be conditioned on the
court's deeming the terms to be just.
If, after the completion of the merger, a
holder of Oshman's common stock that had demanded appraisal for its shares
fails to perfect or loses its right to appraisal, then those shares will be
treated under the merger agreement as if they were converted into the right to
receive the merger consideration at the effective time of the merger.

   
Because of the complexity of these provisions of Section 262 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, any Oshman's stockholder that is considering
exercising appraisal rights should consult a legal advisor.


The Merger Agreement

  Representations and Warranties

   Gart and Oshman's made a number of representations and warranties in the
merger agreement regarding aspects of their respective businesses, financial
condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the merger.

  
Oshman's Representations and Warranties

   Oshman's representations and warranties include representations as to:

  .  
Oshman's corporate organization and its qualification to do business;

  .  
Oshman's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  
Oshman's capitalization;

  .  
Oshman's subsidiaries;

  .  
authorization of the merger agreement by Oshman's;

  .  
Oshman's compliance with applicable laws;

  .  
the effect of the merger on obligations of Oshman's and under applicable
     laws;

  .  
governmental approvals required to complete the merger;

  .  
Oshman's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission;

  .  
Oshman's financial statements;

  .  
Oshman's liabilities;

  .  changes in Oshman's business since January 29, 2000;

  .  
litigation involving Oshman's;

  .  
Oshman's material contracts;

  .  
Oshman's taxes;

  .  
Oshman's title to the properties that it owns and leases;

  .  
intellectual property used by Oshman's;

  .  
information supplied by Oshman's in this joint proxy statement-
     prospectus;

  .  
Oshman's employee benefit plans;

  .  
environmental laws that apply to Oshman's;

  .  
Oshman's labor relations;

  .  transactions between Oshman's and its related parties;

  .  
real estate owned or leased by Oshman's;

  .  
Oshman's insurance coverage;

  .  
the identity of Oshman's ten largest merchandise vendors and its
     relationship with those vendors;

  .  
the absence of disputes between Oshman's and its vendors or landlords;

  .  
Oshman's store closings;

  .  
the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Oshman's;

  .  
the inapplicability of state takeover statues;

  .  
the fairness opinion received by Oshman's from its financial advisor;

  .  
payments, if any, required to be made by Oshman's to brokers and agents
     on account of the merger; and

  .  
conditions related to the financing of the merger.

   
The representations and warranties of Oshman's expire upon the completion of
the merger.

  
Gart's Representations and Warranties

   Gart's representations and warranties include representations as to:

  .  
Gart's corporate organization and its qualification to do business;

  .  
Gart's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  
Gart's capitalization;

  .  
Gart's subsidiaries;

  .  
authorization of the merger agreement by Gart;

  .  
Gart's compliance with applicable laws;

  .  
the effect of the merger on obligations of Gart and under applicable
     laws;

  .  
governmental approvals required to complete the merger;

  .  
Gart's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

  .  
Gart's financial statements;

  .  
Gart's liabilities;

  .  
changes in Gart's business since January 29, 2000;

  .  
litigation involving Gart;

  .  
Gart's material contracts;

  .  
Gart's taxes;

  .  
Gart's title to the properties it owns and leases;

  .  
intellectual property used by Gart;

  .  
information supplied by Gart in this joint proxy statement-prospectus;

  .  
Gart's employee benefit plans;

  .  
environmental laws that apply to Gart;

  .  
Gart's labor relations;

  .  transactions between Gart and its related parties;

  .  
real estate owned or leased by Gart;

  .  
Gart's insurance coverage;

  .  
Gart's relationship with its merchandise vendors;

  .  
the absence of disputes between Gart and its vendors or landlords;

  .  
Gart's store closings;

  .  
the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Gart;

  .  
the inapplicability of state takeover statues;

  .  
payments, if any, required to be made by Gart to brokers and agents on
     account of the merger;

  .  
financing for the merger; and

  .  
the absence of liabilities of GSC Acquisition, Gart's subsidiary.

   
The representations and warranties of Gart expire upon the completion of the
merger.

   
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and are not easily summarized.
You are urged to read carefully the sections of
the merger agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of Company" and
"Representations and Warranties of Gart and MergerSub.
"

  Conduct of Business by Oshman's Before the Completion of the Merger

   Oshman's agreed that, until the completion of the merger, unless Gart
consents in writing, Oshman's will carry on its business in the ordinary and
usual course of business, consistent with past practices, and will use its
commercially reasonable best efforts to:

  .  
preserve intact its present business organization;

  .  
maintain in effect all permits required to carry on its business;

  .  
keep available the services of its present employees and consultants;
     and

  .  
preserve its present relationships with its employees, consultants,
     customers, lenders, suppliers, licensors, licensees, landlords and
     others having significant business relationships with it.

   
Oshman's also agreed that, until the completion of the merger, unless Gart
consents in writing, Oshman's would conduct its business in compliance with
some specific restrictions relating to the following:

  .  
the modification of Oshman's certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

  .  
the acquisition of assets or other entities;

  .  
the incurrence of indebtedness;

  .  
the incurrence of obligations to make certain expenditures;

  .  
capital expenditures;

  .  
the entrance into or modification of contracts;

  .  
the sale, lease, assignment or disposition of its real property;

  .  
the taking of an action that would render a representation or warranty
     made by Oshman's untrue;

  .  
the issuance of dividends or other distributions;

  .  
the issuance and redemption of securities;

  .  
employees and employee benefits, including severance and termination
     payments;

  .  
the revaluation of assets;

  .  
the payment or settlement of liabilities;

  .  
the making of tax elections;

  .  accounting policies and procedures;

  .  restricted stock and stock options;

  .  
the liquidation or dissolution of Oshman's or its subsidiaries;

  .  
changes to Oshman's corporate structure;

  .  
Oshman's permits; and

  .  
Oshman's intellectual property.

   
The agreements related to the conduct of Oshman's business in the merger
agreement are complicated and are not easily summarized.
You are urged to read
carefully the section of the merger agreement entitled "Conduct of Business by
Company Pending the Merger.
"

  Conduct of Business by Gart Before Completion of the Merger

   Gart agreed that, until the completion of the merger, unless Oshman's
consents in writing, Gart will carry on its business in the ordinary and usual
course of business, consistent with past practices, and will use its
commercially reasonable best efforts to:

  .  
preserve intact its present business organization;

  .  
maintain in effect all permits required to carry on its business;

  .  
keep available the services of its present employees and consultants;
     and

  .  
preserve its present relationships with its employees, consultants,
     customers, lenders, suppliers, licensors, licensees, landlords and
     others having significant business relationships with it.

   
Gart also agreed that, until the completion of the merger, unless Oshman's
consents in writing, Gart would conduct its business in compliance with some
specific restrictions relating to the following:

  .  
the modification of Gart's certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

  .  
the acquisition of assets or other entities;

  .  
the taking of an action that would render a representation or warranty
     made by Gart untrue;

  .  
the issuance of dividends or other distributions;

  .  
the issuance and redemption of securities;

  .  
the revaluation of assets;

  .  accounting policies and procedures;

  .  
limitations on the issuance of stock and stock equivalents; and

  .  
the liquidation or dissolution of Gart or its subsidiaries.

   
The agreements related to the conduct of Gart's business in the merger
agreement are complicated and are not easily summarized.
You are urged to read
carefully the section of the merger agreement entitled "Conduct of Business by
Gart Pending the Merger.
"

  Access and Information

   Each of Gart and Oshman's has agreed that it will, and it will cause its
officers, directors, employees, auditors and agents to, afford to the other
party and to the other party's officers, employees and representatives
reasonable access during normal business hours to all of its books and records
and its properties, plants and personnel.
This access will be afforded until
the effective time of the merger and will be subject to certain limitations.

  
Approvals from Governmental Entities and Third Parties

   Each of Gart and Oshman's has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to
take promptly all actions necessary under applicable laws and regulations to
complete the merger as soon as practicable.
This includes using reasonable best
efforts to obtain all necessary consents and approvals from all applicable
governmental entities, effecting all necessary registrations, applications and
filings, and obtaining any required regulatory approvals and consents.

   
In addition, Oshman's has agreed to use its commercially reasonable best
efforts to secure waivers and/or consents from such third parties as may be
necessary in the judgment of Oshman's or Gart in order to complete the merger,
subject to certain limitations.

  
Financing

   Gart has agreed to use good faith commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
the financing that is described in a letter agreement from The CIT
Group/Business Credit, Inc., on terms reasonably consistent with those
contained in the letter agreement.
See the discussion under "The Merger and
Related Transactions--Financing for the Merger.
"

  Directors' and Officers' Insurance and Indemnification

   Gart and Oshman's have agreed that all rights to indemnification,
exculpation and advancement of expenses now existing in favor of any director
or officer of Oshman's or any Oshman's subsidiary ("the Indemnified Parties")
as provided in their respective charters or bylaws are contract rights and will
survive the merger.
In addition, Gart has agreed to indemnify all Indemnified
Parties to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law with respect to all
acts and omissions arising out of such individuals' services as officers,
directors, employees or agents of Oshman's or its subsidiaries, or as trustees
or fiduciaries of any plan for the benefit of Oshman's employees, occurring at
or prior to the effective time of the merger, including the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.
Gart also has agreed to pay legal and
other expenses of the Indemnified Parties in certain situations.

   
In addition, Gart has agreed to cause to be maintained in effect for six
years from the effective time of the merger the current policies of the
directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained by Oshman's, subject to
certain limitations.

  
Directors Designated by Oshman's to Serve on Gart's Board of Directors

   Gart has agreed to cause two directors that are designated by Oshman's to be
elected or appointed as members of Gart's board of directors.
Gart has agreed
to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its directors, subject to their
fiduciary duties, to ensure that each of the designated directors will be
appointed or nominated for election to Gart's board of directors following
Gart's 2001 annual meeting of stockholders and at Gart's 2002 annual meeting of
stockholders.
Oshman's has identified that the designated directors are
Marilyn Oshman and Alvin N. Lubetkin.

  
Stockholder Meetings

   Gart and Oshman's have agreed to hold meetings of their respective
stockholders as soon as practicable following the date of effectiveness of the
registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement-prospectus is a
part, for the purpose of voting: (1) in the case of Oshman's, to adopt the
merger agreement and to approve the merger; and (2) in the case of Gart, to
approve the issuance of Gart common stock in the merger.
Gart and Oshman's have
agreed that their respective boards of directors would recommend, subject to
the exercise of their fiduciary duties, that the stockholders of the respective
companies approve the proposal presented to them.

  
Financial Statement Deliveries

   Gart and Oshman's have agreed to provide their monthly financial statements,
and any Form 10-Q or Form 10-K filed by such party, to the other party.

  
Notification of Certain Matters

   Gart and Oshman's have agreed to provide notice to the other party of: (1)
any notice or other communication received by such party relating to a default
under a material contract; or (2) any material adverse change in the condition,
properties, assets, business, results of operations, or prospects of such
party.

  
Further Assurances; Further Action

   Gart and Oshman's have agreed that, at and after the effective time of the
merger, the officers, and directors of the surviving corporation in the merger
will be authorized: (1) to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of
Gart, Oshman's or GSC Acquisition, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or
assurances; and (2) to take any other actions to vest, perfect or confirm of
record or otherwise in the surviving corporation all right, title and interest
in, to and under any of the rights, properties or assets of Oshman's that are
acquired by the surviving corporation in the merger.
In addition, each of Gart,
Oshman's and GSC Acquisition has agreed to use its reasonable commercial
efforts to take all appropriate action, and to do all things necessary under
applicable laws, to complete the merger.

  
Tax-Free Reorganization Treatment

   Gart, Oshman's and GSC Acquisition have agreed not to take any action,
whether before or after the effective date of the merger, that would reasonably
be expected to cause the merger to fail to qualify as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code.

   
Nasdaq Listing

   Gart has agreed to cause the listing on the Nasdaq National Market at the
effective time of the merger of the shares of Gart common stock issuable
pursuant to the merger agreement in the merger, subject to official notice of
issuance.

   
Registration Rights

   Gart has agreed to enter into, as of the effective time of the merger, a
registration rights agreement with certain Oshman's stockholders.
For a
description of the registration rights agreement see "Registration Rights
Agreement.
"

   Real Estate Matters

   Oshman's has agreed to cooperate with Gart in providing any notices of the
merger that are required to be delivered prior to the completion of the merger
under the terms of Oshman's leases to the applicable landlords.

   
No Solicitation by Oshman's

   Oshman's has agreed that it, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and the
respective directors, executive officers, agents and representatives of any of
the foregoing, will cease and terminate, as of the date of the merger
agreement, any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any
parties conducted prior to that date with respect to any Acquisition
Transaction.

   
An "Acquisition Transaction" refers to a transaction involving either:

  .  
a merger, consolidation or other business combination involving Oshman's
     or any of its subsidiaries; or

  .  
the acquisition of all or any significant part of the assets or capital
     stock of Oshman's or any of its subsidiaries.

   
Oshman's has further agreed that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates, nor any of the respective directors, executive officers, agents or
representatives of any of the foregoing, will, directly or indirectly (other
than in connection with the transactions with Gart and GSC Acquisition
contemplated by the merger agreement):

  .  
solicit, initiate or encourage any inquiries or the making of any
     proposals relating to an Acquisition Transaction;

  .  
negotiate or otherwise engage in discussions with any party with respect
     to an Acquisition Transaction, or engage in discussions that could
     reasonably be expected to lead to a proposal for an Acquisition
     Transaction, subject to limited exceptions in the event of a Superior
     Proposal, as discussed below; or

  .  
enter into an agreement, arrangement or understanding relating to any
     Acquisition Transaction, subject to limited exceptions in the event of a
     Superior Proposal, as discussed below.

   
A "Superior Proposal" refers to: (1) a bona fide, fully financed written
proposal or offer made by any party (other than Gart or any of its
subsidiaries) with respect to an Acquisition Transaction; or (2) a bona fide
written proposal or offer made by any party (other than Gart or any of its
subsidiaries) with respect to an Acquisition Transaction that would produce a
greater value per share of Oshman's common stock than the consideration that
would be paid under the merger agreement with Gart and GSC Acquisition.
In
addition, in order to qualify as a Superior Proposal, the proposal or offer
must be on terms that Oshman's board of directors determines in good faith,
based on the advice of its independent financial advisors and legal counsel, to
be more favorable to Oshman's stockholders than the terms of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.

   
The merger agreement allows Oshman's to furnish information to, negotiate or
otherwise engage in discussions with a party in response to a proposal or
inquiry from the party that is unsolicited and received by Oshman's after the
date of the merger agreement if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

  .  
Oshman's enters into a customary confidentiality agreement with the
     party;

  .  
the party makes, or indicates an intention or desire to make, a Superior
     Proposal;

  .  
Oshman's board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation
     with its financial advisor, that the party is capable of making a
     Superior Proposal;

  .  
Oshman's board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation
     with its outside counsel, that the failure to furnish information,
     negotiate or engage in discussions with the party would be inconsistent
     with the fiduciary duties of the board of directors under applicable
     law;

  .  
the proposed Acquisition Transaction was not solicited by Oshman's in
     breach of, or otherwise result from a breach of, the non-solicitation
     provisions in the merger agreement; and

  .  
Oshman's board of directors complies with the non-solicitation
     provisions in the merger agreement.

   
The merger agreement also allows Oshman's board of directors to take and to
disclose to Oshman's stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2 under
the Exchange Act, comply with Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, and make all
other disclosures required by applicable law.
In addition, the merger agreement
provides that Oshman's may engage in discussions with, or provide information
to, any party that has made a proposal unsolicited after the date of the merger
agreement with respect to an Acquisition Transaction for the limited purpose of
determining whether the proposal is, or could lead to, a Superior Proposal.

   
Oshman's has agreed to promptly inform Gart of any inquiries, proposals,
information requested, or negotiations or discussions with any party (other
than Gart and its representatives) relating to an Acquisition Transaction, and
to provide to Gart a reasonable summary of the terms of the Acquisition
Transaction and the identity of the party.
Oshman's has further agreed to
update Gart on an ongoing basis, or upon Gart's request, with respect to the
status of any inquiry, proposal, request, negotiations or discussions, unless
it would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of Oshman's board of
directors under applicable law.

   
Treatment of Oshman's Stock Options

   Prior to the effective time of the merger, Oshman's will cause:

  .  
all outstanding options under Oshman's 1993 Non-Employee Director Plan
     to be cancelled, subject to the right of the holders of those options to
     exercise the options during the 30-day period before the closing of the
     merger; and

  .  
all outstanding options and shares of restricted stock issued under
     Oshman's 1994 Omnibus Plan to be transferred and delivered to Oshman's
     in exchange for the value of the options and shares.

   
The merger agreement provides that Oshman's may:

  .  
amend any of its stock option plans or stock option agreements in order
     to permit outstanding options under the plans to be exercised
     immediately before the effective time of the merger;

  .  
amend its 1993 Non-Employee Director Plan in order to permit outstanding
     options under the plan to be cancelled in the merger in exchange for
     cash equal to the value of the options; and

  .  
prior to the initial filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
     of the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
     statement-prospectus is a part, amend its 1994 Omnibus Plan in order to
     permit outstanding restricted shares under the plan to be cancelled and
     converted into the right to receive the merger consideration at the
     effective time of the merger in accordance with the merger agreement.

   
The merger agreement also allows Oshman's to advance to any option holder
the amount of money necessary for the holder to exercise the holder's options.

Any advance will be effective as of the effective time of the merger and will
be contingent upon the completion of the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.
If, at the effective time of the merger, any amounts advanced
to option holders remain unpaid, Gart will be permitted to withhold the unpaid
amounts from the cash consideration payable to the holders in the merger.

   
Oshman's Employee Benefit Plans

   The merger agreement provides that, following the effective time of the
merger, Gart will:

  .  continue each Oshman's benefit plan until at least the earlier of (1) 60
     days following the completion of the merger and (2) the date that Gart
     makes a corresponding plan available to employees of the surviving
     corporation in the merger who were employed by Oshman's or any of its
     subsidiaries at the effective time; and

  .  
cause to be provided, to each of the employees who was employed by
     Oshman's or any of its subsidiaries at the effective time of the merger
     and who continues to be employed by the surviving corporation in the
     merger or any affiliate of the surviving corporation on the 60th day
     following the completion of the merger ("Qualified Employee"), benefits
     that are no less favorable to the Qualified Employee than the benefits
     provided the Qualified Employee by Oshman's and its subsidiaries
     immediately prior to the effective time, unless any of the benefits
     provided to comparable employees by Gart would be significantly more
     favorable to the Qualified Employee in which event these more favorable
     benefits will be provided to the Qualified Employee as soon as
     reasonably practicable.

   
Gart and its subsidiaries will credit Qualified Employees with any amounts
paid for the calendar year under Oshman's medical and dental plans prior to the
transition to a new medical or dental program toward satisfaction of the
applicable deductible amounts and copayment and deductible maximums under any
new medical or dental program.
With respect to each Qualified Employee, Gart
and its subsidiaries will treat service considered by Oshman's or its
subsidiaries as service with Oshman's or its subsidiaries as service with Gart
or its subsidiaries for purposes of employee benefits and fringe benefits,
including vacation benefits, waiting periods, vesting requirements and pre-
existing conditions limitations.

   
Gart's agreements regarding employee benefit plans expire one year after the
closing of the merger.
The merger agreement allows Gart to request that
Oshman's terminate the Oshman's 401(k) savings plan, effective as of the day
prior to the date of the completion of the merger.

   
Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

   The obligations of Gart and Oshman's to complete the merger and the related
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions before the
completion of the merger:

  .  
no law, regulation or order will have been enacted or issued that has
     the effect of prohibiting the completion of the transactions
     contemplated by the merger agreement;

  .  
all applicable waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws must have
     expired or terminated;

  .  
no proceedings by any governmental entity will be pending that seek to
     restrain or prohibit the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement;

  .  
the merger agreement must be adopted and the merger must be approved by
     the requisite vote of the holders of Oshman's common stock;

  .  
the issuance of Gart common stock in connection with the merger must be
     approved by the requisite vote of the holders of Gart common stock;

  .  
the registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement-
     prospectus is a part, must be effective, no stop order suspending its
     effectiveness will be in effect and no proceedings for suspension of its
     effectiveness will have been initiated by the Securities and Exchange
     Commission;

  .  
all regulatory approvals necessary to complete the merger and the
     transactions related to the merger must have been obtained unless the
     failure to obtain the approval would not have a material adverse effect
     on Gart or Oshman's;

  .  
Gart and Oshman's must obtain all permits and approvals legally required
     for completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
     and

  .  
the closing sales price of a share of Gart common stock on the closing
     date must be at least $7.00.

   
Oshman's obligations to complete the merger and the related transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of each of the following additional conditions before the completion of the
merger:

  .  
the representations and warranties of Gart and GSC Acquisition contained
     in the merger agreement must be true and correct as of the date of the
     merger agreement and at the effective time of the merger, except:

    -- to the extent the representations and warranties of Gart and GSC
       Acquisition address matters as of a particular date, they must be
       true and correct as of that date; and

    -- if any of the representations and warranties of Gart and GSC
       Acquisition are not true and correct (it being understood that for
       purposes of determining if a particular representation or warranty
       is true and correct, such representation or warranty will be read as
       if it were not qualified by any materiality qualifier) but the
       failure of the representations and warranties to be true and correct
       does not have a material adverse effect on Gart and its subsidiaries
       taken as a whole, then the condition will be deemed satisfied;

  .  
Gart and GSC Acquisition must have performed or complied in all material
     respects with all of the covenants contained in the merger agreement or
     in any agreement, certificate or instrument to be executed by Gart or
     GSC Acquisition, as applicable, pursuant to the merger agreement, either
     at or prior to the completion of the merger;

  .  
events or circumstances will not have occurred after the date of the
     merger agreement that, individually or in the aggregate, have had or are
     reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on Gart;

  .  
Oshman's must have received from its accounting firm an opinion to the
     effect that the merger will constitute a tax-free reorganization within
     the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

  .  
Oshman's must have received from Gart's accounting firm customary
     comfort letters dated (1) the date of the effectiveness of the
     registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement-prospectus
     is a part, and (2) shortly prior to the completion of the merger; and

  .  
Gart must have received all consents from third parties, and must have
     delivered in a timely manner all notices to third parties, that, if not
     so received or delivered, as applicable, prior to the completion of the
     merger, would be reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to
     have a material adverse effect on Gart or the surviving corporation in
     the merger.

   
The obligations of Gart and GSC Acquisition to complete the merger and the
related transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions before
the completion of the merger:

  .  
the representations and warranties of Oshman's contained in the merger
     agreement must be true and correct as of the date of the merger
     agreement and at the effective time of the merger, except:

    -- to the extent the representations and warranties of Oshman's address
       matters as of a particular date, they must be true and correct as of
       that date; and

    -- if any of the representations and warranties of Oshman's are not
       true and correct (it being understood that for purposes of
       determining if a particular representation or warranty is true and
       correct, such representation or warranty will be read as if it were
       not qualified by any materiality qualifier) but the failure of the
       representations and warranties to be true and correct does not have
       a material adverse effect on Oshman's and its subsidiaries taken as
       a whole, then the condition will be deemed satisfied;

  .  
Oshman's must have performed or complied in all material respects with
     all of the covenants contained in the merger agreement or in any
     agreement, certificate or instrument to be executed by Oshman's pursuant
     to the merger agreement either at or prior to the completion of the
     merger;

  .  
events or circumstances will not have occurred after the date of the
     merger agreement that, individually or in the aggregate, have had or are
     reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on Oshman's;

  .  
Gart must have received from its accounting firm an opinion to the
     effect that the merger will constitute a tax-free reorganization within
     the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

  .  
Gart must have received from Oshman's accounting firm customary comfort
     letters dated (1) the date of the effectiveness of the registration
     statement, of which this joint proxy statement-prospectus is a part, and
     (2) shortly prior to the completion of the merger;

  .  
the financing for the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
     must have been completed;

  .  
Oshman's must have received all consents from third parties, and must
     have delivered in a timely manner all notices to third parties, that, if
     not so received or delivered, as applicable, prior to the completion of
     the merger, would be reasonably likely, individually or in the
     aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on Oshman's;

  .  
the aggregate number of shares of Oshman's common stock with respect to
     which Oshman's stockholders have effectively exercised their rights as
     dissenting stockholders in accordance with the Delaware General
     Corporation Law must not equal 6% or more of the outstanding shares of
     Oshman's common stock as of the record date of the special meeting of
     Oshman's stockholders or as of the effective time of the merger; and

  .  
Oshman's must have obtained the cancellation of options to purchase
     Oshman's common stock in accordance with the merger agreement and must
     have received any necessary agreements, approvals or consents from the
     holders of the options.

   
Termination of the Merger Agreement

   The merger agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement may be abandoned at any time prior to the effective time
of the merger, whether before or after stockholder approval, as follows:

  .  
Gart, GSC Acquisition and the Company mutually consent in writing to
     terminate the merger agreement;

  .  
By Gart, if any of the conditions set forth in Section 8.1 or 8.3 of the
     merger agreement become incapable of fulfillment or if the board of
     directors of Oshman's, or any committee of the board of directors, fails
     to recommend, withdraws or modifies its recommendation of the merger
     agreement or approves a Superior Proposal, as discussed above under "No
     Solicitation by Oshman's," whether or not in compliance with Section 7.4
     of the merger agreement;

  .  by Oshman's, if any of the conditions set forth in Section 8.1 or 8.2 of
     the merger agreement become incapable of fulfillment or if the board of
     directors of Oshman's withdraws its recommendation of the merger
     agreement or approves a Superior Proposal, as discussed above under "No
     Solicitation by Oshman's," in accordance with Section 7.4 of the merger
     agreement;

  .  by Oshman's, if Gart has been notified in writing by The CIT
     Group/Business Credit, Inc. of its withdrawal of its commitment letter
     relating to the financing of the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement, or of its inability or unwillingness to provide the financing
     contemplated by the commitment letter, and within 60 days following the
     date of the notification Gart does not either (1) cause the commitment
     letter to be reinstated or (2) secure a new financing letter with an
     alternative financial institution on terms and conditions at least as
     favorable to Gart and Oshman's as those contained in the commitment
     letter;

  .  
by Gart or Oshman's, if the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement are not completed on or before August 21, 2001, but only if
     the failure to complete the transactions did not result from the breach
     of any representation, warranty or agreement in the merger agreement by
     the party seeking termination (or any of its subsidiaries);

  .  
by Gart or Oshman's, if the other party is in material breach of any of
     its covenants contained in the merger agreement and the breach either is
     incapable of cure or is not cured within 20 business days after notice
     from the party wishing to terminate, but only if the party seeking
     termination (or any of its subsidiaries) is not also in material breach
     of the merger agreement;

  .  
by Gart or Oshman's, if the other party is in breach of any of its
     representations or warranties contained in the merger agreement, which
     breach, individually or together with all other breaches, is reasonably
     expected to have a material adverse effect on the breaching party and
     either is incapable of cure or is not cured within 20 business days
     after notice from the party wishing to terminate, but only if the party
     seeking termination (or any of its subsidiaries) is not also in material
     breach of the merger agreement;

  .  
by Gart, if Oshman's is in material breach of the provisions of Section
     7.4 of the merger agreement relating to non-solicitation, which breach
     would entitle Gart to an immediate right to termination without any
     notice or cure requirement; or

  .  
by Gart or Oshman's, if any governmental entity issues a non-appealable
     final order or takes any other action having the effect of permanently
     restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions
     contemplated by the merger agreement, subject to certain conditions.

   
Oshman's will be required to pay to Gart a termination fee in the amount of
$3 million if:

  .  
Oshman's terminates the merger agreement based on (1) the failure of the
     Oshman's stockholders to have adopted the merger agreement and approved
     the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, (2) the approval
     by the Oshman's board of directors of a Superior Proposal in accordance
     with the terms of Section 7.4 of the merger agreement or (3) the
     withdrawal by the Oshman's board of directors of its recommendation of
     the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement in accordance with
     the terms of Section 7.4 of the merger agreement;

  .  
Gart terminates the merger agreement based on (1) the failure of the
     Oshman's stockholders to have adopted the merger agreement and approved
     the merger or (2) the failure to recommend the merger agreement by the
     Oshman's board of directors, or its withdrawal or modification of its
     recommendation of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
     by the merger agreement, or its approval of a Superior Proposal, whether
     or not in compliance with the terms of Section 7.4 of the merger
     agreement; or

  .  
Gart terminates the merger agreement based on a material breach by
     Oshman's of any of its covenants or representations or warranties
     contained in the merger agreement, subject to the condition that
     Oshman's enters into an agreement to complete an Acquisition Transaction
     with any party (other than Gart or any of its affiliates) within twelve
     months of the effective date of the termination and completes the
     Acquisition Transaction thereafter.

   
In the event that Oshman's is required to pay Gart the termination fee,
Oshman's also will be required to pay to Gart all fees and expenses (up to $1.5
million) incurred by Gart, GSC Acquisition and their affiliates in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   
Gart will be required to pay to Oshman's all fees and expenses (up to $1.5
million) incurred by Oshman's and its affiliates in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement if:

  .  
either (1) Gart terminates the merger agreement based on the failure of
     the financing for the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
     to have been completed or (2) Oshman's terminates the merger agreement
     based on Gart having been notified in writing by The CIT Group/Business
     Credit, Inc. of its withdrawal of its commitment letter relating to the
     financing of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or of
     its inability or unwillingness to provide the financing contemplated by
     the commitment letter, and in the case of either clause (1) or (2) the
     failure or notification, as applicable, is due to events or
     circumstances that have had a material adverse effect on Gart or is due
     to a material adverse effect that was caused by Gart; or

  .  
Oshman's terminates the merger agreement based on a material breach by
     Gart of any of its covenants or representations or warranties contained
     in the merger agreement.

  
Extension, Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement.

   
Gart, GSC Acquisition and Oshman's may amend the merger agreement prior to
the effective time of the merger by mutual written consent, unless the
amendment requires the approval of the stockholders of Gart, GSC Acquisition or
Oshman's, in which case the applicable stockholder approval must be obtained
prior to amending the merger agreement.

   
Gart and GSC Acquisition, on the one hand, and Oshman's, on the other, may
extend the time for the performance of any of the other party's obligations or
other acts under the merger agreement, waive any inaccuracies in the other
party's representations and warranties, and waive compliance by the other party
with any of the agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement that
legally may be waived.


Voting Agreements

   Stockholders of Oshman's

   In connection with the merger agreement, Gart and GSC Acquisition have
entered into voting agreements with each of the following stockholders of
Oshman's, which have agreed to vote shares (including, in certain cases, shares
held by affiliated family trusts) totaling approximately 50% of the outstanding
shares of Oshman's common stock: Marilyn Oshman, Alvin N. Lubetkin, Judy
Margolis, Karen Desenberg, Jay Douglas Desenberg, Edward C. Stanton III and
Barry M. Lewis.
Pursuant to the voting agreements, each of these stockholders
has agreed, among other things:

  .  
to vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and the
     approval of the merger;

  .  
to vote against any competing acquisition transaction or other proposal
     inconsistent with the merger agreement or that might delay or adversely
     affect the likelihood of the completion of the merger;

  .  
to vote against any change in a majority of the persons who constitute
     Oshman's board of directors inconsistent with the merger agreement or
     the merger;

  .  
to vote against any change in Oshman's capitalization or any amendment
     of Oshman's certificate of incorporation or bylaws inconsistent with the
     merger agreement or the merger;

  .  
to vote in favor of any other matter necessary for the completion of the
     merger;

  .  not to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of any shares
     of Oshman's capital stock, other than a transfer pursuant to a bona fide
     charitable gift or by will or applicable laws of descent and
     distribution or for estate planning purposes if the transferee agrees in
     writing to be bound by the provisions of the voting agreement;

  .  not to restrict or take any action adversely affecting the stockholder's
     ability to exercise the stockholder's voting rights with respect to
     shares of Oshman's capital stock held by the stockholder;

  .  
to refrain from directly or indirectly soliciting, initiating or
     otherwise facilitating any inquiries, proposals or offers with respect
     to the acquisition of Oshman's; and

  .  
not to take any action or fail to take any action that would make any
     representation, warranty, covenant or other undertaking of the
     stockholder in the voting agreement untrue or incorrect, or prevent or
     materially delay the completion of the transactions contemplated by the
     voting agreement.

   
These voting agreements will terminate at the earlier of the effective time
of the merger and the date on which the merger agreement is terminated in
accordance with its terms.
For a more complete description of these voting
agreements, you should refer to the forms of voting agreements attached as
Annex B to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

   
Stockholder of Gart

   In connection with the merger agreement, Oshman's has entered into a voting
agreement with Green Equity Investors, L.P., which owns approximately 64% of
the outstanding shares of Gart common stock.
Pursuant to the voting agreement,
Green Equity Investors has agreed, among other things:

  .  
to vote in favor of the approval of the issuance of Gart common stock
     contemplated by the merger agreement;

  .  
to vote against any proposal inconsistent with the merger agreement or
     that might delay or adversely affect the likelihood of the completion of
     the merger;

  .  
to vote against any change in a majority of the persons who constitute
     Gart's board of directors inconsistent with the merger agreement or the
     merger;

  .  
to vote against any change in Gart's capitalization or any amendment of
     Gart's certificate of incorporation or bylaws inconsistent with the
     merger agreement or the merger;

  .  
to vote in favor of any other matter necessary for the completion of the
     merger;

  .  
to vote in favor of the election of certain directors that are
     designated by Oshman's to serve on Gart's board of directors following
     the merger in accordance with the merger agreement;

  .  not to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of any shares
     of Gart capital stock;

  .  not to restrict or take any action adversely affecting its ability to
     exercise its voting rights with respect to its shares of Gart capital
     stock; and

  .  
not to take any action or fail to take any action that would make any of
     its representations, warranties, covenants or other undertakings
     contained in the voting agreement untrue or incorrect, or prevent or
     materially delay the completion of the transactions contemplated by the
     voting agreement.

   
This voting agreement will terminate at the earlier of the effective time of
the merger and the date on which the merger agreement is terminated in
accordance with its terms.
For a more complete description of this voting
agreement, you should refer to the forms of voting agreement attached as Annex
B to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.


Indemnification Agreements

   In connection with the merger agreement, Gart has entered into
indemnification agreements with certain stockholders of Oshman's.
Pursuant to
the indemnification agreements, Gart has agreed to indemnify these stockholders
and their heirs, representatives, successors and assigns against any claims,
actions or proceedings giving rise to any losses, damages, judgments,
settlements, costs and expenses that are incurred by the indemnified party by
reason of the indemnification agreement, the voting agreement or any acts or
omissions by the indemnified party relating to the subject matter of the
indemnification agreement, the voting agreement or the merger agreement.


Registration Rights Agreement

   Under the merger agreement, Gart has agreed to enter into a registration
rights agreement with certain stockholders of Oshman's.
The registration rights
agreement will provide that, among other things, these stockholders will have
the right to make:

  .  
up to three demands that the Company register under the Securities Act
     their shares of Gart common stock received in the merger; and

  .  
a "piggyback" request to the Company that their shares of Gart common
     stock received in the merger be included in any registration statement
     relating to an offering of Gart's equity securities for Gart's own
     account or for the account of others under the Securities Act.

   
These rights will be subject to certain conditions and limitations that are
set forth in the registration rights agreement.
In addition, these rights will
terminate no later than five years from the date of the registration rights
agreement (subject to extension in certain situations).
For a more complete
description of the registration rights agreement, you should refer to the
registration rights agreement attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.


Operations After the Merger

   Following the merger, Oshman's will merge with and into GSC Acquisition.
GSC
Acquisition will continue Oshman's operations as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Gart, and the name of GSC Acquisition will be changed to Oshman's Sporting
Goods, Inc.
The board of directors of Gart will consist of the directors
elected at the annual meeting.
In addition, following the annual meeting, two
directors designated by the board of directors of Oshman's, Marilyn Oshman, the
chairman of the board of Oshman's and Alvin Lubetkin, the vice chairman, chief
executive officer and president of Oshman's, will be appointed or elected to
Gart's board of directors in accordance with the merger agreement.
Following
the merger, the current executive officers of Gart will continue to serve as
its executive officers.

   
The stockholders of Oshman's will become stockholders of Gart, and their
rights as stockholders of Gart will be governed by Gart's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, Gart's amended and restated bylaws, and the laws
of the State of Delaware.
See "Comparison of Rights of Holders of Gart Common
Stock and Oshman's Common Stock.
"

                       DESCRIPTION OF GART CAPITAL STOCK

General

   Gart's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the
issuance of up to 22,000,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share,
and 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value per share, the rights
and preferences of which may be established by Gart's board of directors.
As of
March 30, 2001, 7,366,150 shares of Gart common stock were issued and
outstanding and held by 209 stockholders of record and no shares of preferred
stock were issued and outstanding.


Common Stock

   The holders of Gart common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of
Gart common stock and are entitled to vote for the election of directors and on
all other matters requiring stockholder action.
Subject to the rights of the
preferred stock, Gart's board of directors may declare dividends on Gart common
stock out of any assets or funds legally available for dividend payments.
If
Gart liquidates, dissolves or winds up, the holders of Gart common stock will
be entitled to share ratably, in accordance with their rights and interests, in
the net assets of Gart.
Holders of Gart common stock have no preemptive rights
or rights to convert their shares of Gart common stock into any other
securities.
There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to
Gart common stock.
All outstanding shares of Gart common stock are fully paid
and nonassessable.

   
For a summary of the provisions contained in Gart's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that would have an effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change in control of Gart and that would operate only with
respect to extraordinary corporate transactions, such as a merger,
reorganization, tender offer, or sale or transfer of substantially all of
Gart's assets or liquidation, see "Comparison of Rights of Holders of Gart
Common Stock and Oshman's Common Stock--Provisions Relating to Acquisitions and
Business Combinations."

Preferred Stock

   Gart's board of directors is authorized to issue, in one or more series, up
to an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock.
The number of
authorized shares of preferred stock may be increased or decreased by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the holders of the capital stock of Gart
entitled to vote, without a separate vote of the preferred stock as a class.

Subject to any limitations prescribed by law, Gart's board of directors is
authorized to fix the designation of each series of preferred stock and the
powers, preferences, and rights of the series, including, but not limited to,
voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges,
liquidation preferences and sinking fund provisions, as well as to fix the
limitations or restrictions of the series.

   
The rights of Gart common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely
affected by, the rights of holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in
the future.
Issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility
in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could
have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of
discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, a majority of Gart's
outstanding voting stock.
Gart has no present plans to issue any shares of
preferred stock.

 
COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF GART COMMON STOCK AND OSHMAN'S COMMON STOCK

   The rights of Gart stockholders currently are governed by Gart's amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and Gart's amended and restated bylaws.

The rights of Oshman's stockholders currently are governed by Oshman's
certificate of incorporation, as amended, and Oshman's bylaws.
Upon the
completion of the merger, the rights of Oshman's stockholders who become
stockholders of Gart in the merger will be governed by Gart's amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and Gart's amended and restated bylaws.

Gart and Oshman's are each incorporated under the laws of the State of
Delaware.
Accordingly, the Delaware General Corporation Law will continue to
govern the rights of Oshman's stockholders after the completion of the merger.

   
The following description summarizes the material differences between the
rights of holders of Gart common stock and the rights of holders of Oshman's
common stock.
The description, however, is not a complete statement of all
those differences, nor is it a complete description of the specific provisions
referred to in this summary.
The identification of specific differences is not
intended to indicate that other equally or more significant differences do not
exist.
Stockholders should read carefully the relevant provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, Gart's amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, Gart's amended and restated bylaws, Oshman's certificate of
incorporation, as amended, and Oshman's bylaws.


Classes of Common Stock

   Gart and Oshman's each have one class of common stock issued and
outstanding.


Voting

   Holders of Gart common stock and holders of Oshman's common stock are each
entitled to one vote for each share held.


Board of Directors

   Gart's board of directors currently consists of six directors.
The number of
directors may be changed exclusively by resolutions adopted by Gart's board of
directors, except as otherwise fixed in accordance with the rights of holders
of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances.

However, no decrease in the number of directors may shorten the term of an
incumbent director.

   
Oshman's board of directors currently consists of seven directors.
The
number of directors may be changed by resolution of Oshman's board of directors
or by the stockholders at Oshman's annual meeting.


Removal of Directors

   Any of Gart's directors or the entire Gart board of directors, other than
directors who may be elected by the holders of any class or series of preferred
stock, may be removed from office by the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Gart
entitled to vote in the election of directors.

   
Any of Oshman's directors may be removed with or without cause at any time
by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all the shares of
Oshman's capital stock outstanding and entitled to vote.


Filling Vacancies on The Board of Directors

   Any newly created directorships in Gart's board of directors resulting from
any increase in the number of authorized directors or vacancies may be filled
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even though
less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, except as otherwise fixed
in accordance with the rights of holders of preferred stock to elect additional
directors under specified circumstances.

   
Any newly created directorships in Oshman's board of directors resulting
from any increase in the number of authorized directors or vacancies may be
filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, even
though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
If the remaining
members of Oshman's board of directors who fill such vacancy are less than a
majority of the board (as constituted immediately prior to such increase), any
Oshman's stockholder holding at least ten percent of the outstanding shares of
Oshman's capital stock entitled to vote for such directors may request that the
Delaware Court of Chancery order an election to fill any such vacancies or
newly created directorships or to replace the directors chosen by the remaining
board members to fill such vacancies or newly created directorships.


Stockholder Action by Written Consent Permitted

   Gart stockholders and Oshman's stockholders may take action at annual or
special meetings of stockholders or by written consent.


Ability to Call Special Meetings

   Special meetings of Gart stockholders may be called by: (1) Gart's chairman
of the board; (2) Gart's president; (3) a majority of Gart's board of
directors; or (4) the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of Gart entitled to vote generally on the election of
directors.

   
Special meetings of Oshman's stockholders may be called by: (1) Oshman's
vice chairman of the board; (2) Oshman's chief executive officer; (3) Oshman's
president; (4) a majority of Oshman's board of directors; or (5) the holders
owning a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Oshman's
entitled to vote.


Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Proposals

   Gart's amended and restated bylaws allow Gart stockholders who are entitled
to vote for the election of directors at a meeting of Gart stockholders to
nominate candidates for election to Gart's board of directors at such meeting.

In addition, Gart's amended and restated bylaws allow Gart stockholders who are
stockholders of record at the time at which notice of a stockholder meeting is
given and who are entitled to vote at the meeting to propose business to be
brought before the meeting.
However, nominations and proposals only may be made
by a Gart stockholder who has complied with the applicable notice provisions.

   
Stockholder Nominations

   Under Gart's amended and restated bylaws, to be timely, notices of
nominations for directors to be made at a meeting of Gart stockholders by a
Gart stockholder must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, Gart's
principal executive offices no less than 30 days or more than 75 days prior to
the meeting.
However, if less than 40 days' notice or prior public disclosure
of the date of the meeting was given or made to Gart stockholders, the notice
by the Gart stockholder of the nomination must be received no later than 10
days following the day on which the notice of the date of the stockholder
meeting was mailed or public disclosure was made (whichever occurs first).

   
A notice to Gart by a Gart stockholder for the nomination of a director must
include:

  .  
as to each person the Gart stockholder wishes to nominate for election
     or reelection as director

    -- the person's name, age, business address and residence address;

    -- the person's principal occupation or employment;

    -- the class and number of shares of Gart capital stock that are
       beneficially owned by the person; and

    -- any other information relating to the person that is required to be
       disclosed in solicitations for proxies for the election of directors
       under the Exchange Act;

  .  
as to the Gart stockholder giving the notice

    -- the name and record address of the Gart stockholder; and

    -- the class and number of shares of Gart capital stock beneficially
       owned by the stockholder.

   
Stockholder Proposals

   Under Gart's amended and restated bylaws, to be timely, notices of proposals
to be made at a meeting of Gart stockholders by a Gart stockholder must be
delivered to, or mailed and received at, Gart's principal executive offices no
less than 50 days or more than 75 days prior to the meeting.
However, if less
than 60 days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting was
given or made to Gart stockholders, the notice of the Gart stockholder's
proposal must be received no later than 10 days following the day on which the
notice of the date of the stockholder meeting was mailed or public disclosure
was made (whichever occurs first).

   
A notice to Gart by a Gart stockholder of a proposal to be brought before a
meeting of Gart stockholders must set forth, as to each matter that the Gart
stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, the following:

  .  
a brief description of the proposal that the Gart stockholder desires to
     bring before the meeting, the reasons for bringing such proposal before
     the meeting, and, if such proposal includes a proposal to amend any
     document, the stockholder must include the language of the proposed
     amendment;

  .  
the name and address of the Gart stockholder making such proposal, as
     they appear on Gart's corporate books;

  .  
the class and number of shares of Gart's capital stock that are
     beneficially owned by the stockholder; and

  .  
any material interest that the Gart stockholder has in the proposal.

   
Gart stockholders also must comply with all of the applicable requirements
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in
bringing stockholder proposals before a meeting of Gart stockholders.

   
No nomination or proposal by a Gart stockholder will be brought before any
meeting of Gart stockholders unless the nomination or proposal was brought
before the meeting in accordance with the applicable requirements of the
Exchange Act and the applicable provisions of Gart's amended and restated
bylaws.

   
Neither Oshman's certificate of incorporation nor its bylaws contain any
provisions with respect to stockholder nominations or stockholder proposals.


Preferred Stock

   Both Gart's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Oshman's
certificate of incorporation provide that the applicable company's board of
directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of preferred
stock in one or more series, and to fix the designations, powers, preferences
and rights of the shares of each series and any qualifications, limitations or
restrictions of the series.


Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation

   Under Delaware law, the certificate of incorporation of a Delaware
corporation may be amended by approval of the board of directors of the
corporation and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote for the amendment, unless a higher vote is
required by the corporation's certificate of incorporation.

   
Gart's amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains the
following additional requirements for amendment of Gart's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation:

  .  
an amendment to any provision of Article V (Board of Directors; Bylaw
     Amendments) requires the vote of the holders of at least a majority of
     the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of Gart voting
     stock, voting together as a single class; and

  .  
an amendment to any provision of Article VI (Business Combinations)
     requires the vote of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the
     then outstanding shares of Gart voting stock, voting together as a
     single class.

   
Oshman's certificate of incorporation does not contain any provisions
requiring a vote greater than that required by Delaware law to amend any
provision of Oshman's certificate of incorporation.


Amendment of Bylaws

   Under Delaware law, stockholders entitled to vote have the power to adopt,
amend or repeal bylaws.
In addition, a corporation may, in its certificate of
incorporation, confer such power upon the board of directors.
The stockholders
always have the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws, even though the board
also may be delegated such power.

   
Gart's board of directors expressly is authorized to amend, supplement or
repeal Gart's amended and restated bylaws or to adopt new bylaws, except for
Section 7 of Article II (Meetings of Stockholders; Notice of Business) and
Section 3 of Article III (Directors; Election of Directors), which may not be
altered, amended or repealed without the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of
Gart voting stock, voting together as a class.
Gart's stockholders also may
amend or repeal Gart's amended and restated bylaws or adopt new bylaws in
accordance with Delaware law.

   
Oshman's board of directors and stockholders expressly are authorized to
alter, amend or repeal Oshman's bylaws, or to adopt new bylaws.


Provisions Relating to Acquisitions and Business Combinations

   Delaware "Business Combination" Statute

   Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits a Delaware
corporation from engaging in any "business combination" with any person who
owns 15% or more of a corporation's voting stock, such as an interested
stockholder, for a period of three years following the time that person became
an interested stockholder, unless:

  .  
the corporation's board of directors has approved, before the time at
     which that person became an interested stockholder, either the business
     combination or the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an
     interested stockholder;

  .  
upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in that person
     becoming an interested stockholder, that person owned at least 85% of
     the corporation's voting stock outstanding at that time, excluding
     shares owned by persons who are both directors and officers and shares
     owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have
     the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the
     plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or

  .  
at or after the time at which that person became an interested
     stockholder, the business combination is approved by the corporation's
     board of directors and is authorized by the affirmative vote, at an
     annual or special meeting and not by written consent, of at least 66
     2/3% of the corporation's outstanding voting stock not owned by the
     interested stockholder.

   
For purposes of determining whether a person is the "owner" of 15% or more
of a corporation's voting stock for purposes of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, ownership generally is defined to include the right,
directly or indirectly, to acquire the stock or to control the voting or
disposition of the stock.

   
A "business combination" generally is defined to include:

  .  
mergers and sales or other dispositions of 10% or more of the assets of
     a corporation with or to an interested stockholder;

  .  
specific transactions resulting in the issuance or transfer to the
     interested stockholder of any stock of the corporation or any of its
     subsidiaries;

  .  
specific transactions that would result in an increase in the
     proportionate share of the stock of a corporation or any of its
     subsidiaries that is owned by the interested stockholder; and

  .  
any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or
     indirectly, except proportionately as a stockholder, of any loans,
     advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or
     through the corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

   
A Delaware corporation may elect not to be governed by Section 203 pursuant
to a provision contained in (1) its original certificate of incorporation, (2)
its bylaws or (3) an amendment to its original certificate of incorporation,
which amendment must be approved by a majority of the shares entitled to vote
and may not be further amended by the corporation's board of directors.
The
respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Gart and Oshman's do not
exclude the companies from the restrictions imposed under Section 203.

   
"Business Combination" Provision in Gart's Amended & Restated Certificate of
Incorporation

   Gart's amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires that, in
addition to any vote required by law, the required vote for the approval of
certain transactions between Gart and an "interested stockholder" or an
affiliate of an interested stockholder, must be 66 2/3% of the voting power of
the then outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder or an
affiliate of the interested stockholder.
For purposes of Gart's amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, an "interested stockholder" is any
person or entity that:

  .  
is the beneficial owner of, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the
     voting power of Gart's outstanding voting stock;

  .  
is an affiliate of Gart and, at any time within the two-year period
     immediately preceding the transaction, was the beneficial owner of 10%
     or more of the voting power of Gart's then outstanding voting stock; or

  .  
is an assignee of, or has otherwise succeeded to, any shares of Gart's
     voting stock that were at any time within the two-year period
     immediately preceding the transaction, beneficially owned by any
     interested stockholder, unless the assignment or succession occurred in
     a transaction or series of transactions involving a public offering.

   
A person or entity generally has "beneficial ownership" of any shares of
Gart's voting stock: (1) if it or any of its affiliates directly or indirectly
owns the stock; (2) if it or any of its affiliates has the right to acquire or
vote the stock pursuant to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding, or
upon the exercise of conversion or exchange rights, warrants or options; or (3)
that are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other person or
entity with which such person or entity or any of its affiliates has an
agreement for acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing of any shares of stock.

   
The following transactions require the special 66 2/3% vote described above:

  .  
a merger or consolidation of Gart or any of its subsidiaries with any
     interested stockholder or with any other corporation which immediately
     prior to the merger or consolidation is an affiliate of the interested
     stockholder;

  .  
the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of more than 20% of the
     assets of Gart or any of its subsidiaries to an interested stockholder
     or an affiliate of an interested stockholder;

  .  
the issuance or transfer of any of the securities of Gart or any of its
     subsidiaries to an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an
     interested stockholder in exchange for cash or other property that has a
     fair market value equal to or greater than 20% of Gart's assets, unless
     the issuance or transfer of the securities is made ratably to all
     stockholders of Gart;

  .  
the adoption of a plan of liquidation or dissolution of Gart proposed by
     or on behalf of an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an
     interested stockholder; or

  .  
any reclassification of securities, reorganization, merger or
     consolidation of Gart or any other transaction that directly or
     indirectly results in an increase of the proportionate share of the
     outstanding stock of Gart or any of its subsidiaries held by an
     interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder.


Gart's amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the
transactions described above will not be subject to the special 66 2/3% vote
described above if: (1) the transaction is approved by majority of Gart's
disinterested directors and (2) the transaction meets the price and procedure
requirements described in the amended and restated certificate of
incorporation.
A "disinterested director" is a director of Gart who either (1)
is not an affiliate of the interested stockholder and was a director of Gart
before the transaction was proposed or (2) succeeded a disinterested director
and is not an affiliate of the interested stockholder and was recommended to
succeed the interested director by a majority of the disinterested directors on
Gart's board of directors.

   
Oshman's certificate of incorporation does not contain a "business
combination" provision.


Limitation of Liability of Directors

   The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation's
certificate of incorporation may include a provision limiting the personal
liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.
However, no provision can
eliminate or limit the liability of a director:

  .  
for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or
     its stockholders;

  .  
for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional
     misconduct or a knowing violation of the law;

  .  
for violations of Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
     regarding unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchases or
     redemptions;

  .  
for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
     benefit; or

  .  
for any act or omission before the adoption of a provision eliminating
     or limiting the liability of a director for breach of fiduciary duty in
     the corporation's certificate of incorporation.

   
Gart's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Oshman's
certificate of incorporation include the above provision.


Indemnification of Directors and Officers

   The Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation to indemnify
officers and directors for actions taken in good faith and in a manner they
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the
corporation, and with respect to any criminal action that they had no
reasonable cause to believe was unlawful.

   
Gart's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws and Oshman's bylaws provide that any person who was or is a
party or is threatened to be a party to or is involved in any action, suit, or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, because
that person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of Gart or
Oshman's, or is or was serving at the request of either of Gart or Oshman's, as
applicable, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or
of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, will be indemnified
against expenses, including attorney's fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement and will be held harmless by each of Gart or Oshman's, as
applicable, to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation
Law.

   
The indemnification rights conferred by Gart and Oshman's are not exclusive
of any other right to which persons seeking indemnification may be entitled
under any statute, Gart's amended and restated certificate of incorporation or
Oshman's certificate of incorporation, as applicable, Gart's amended and
restated bylaws or Oshman's bylaws, as applicable, any agreement, any vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.

   
Gart also is authorized to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of its
directors and officers.

   
In addition, each of Gart and Oshman's may pay expenses incurred by its
respective directors or officers in defending a civil or criminal action, suit
or proceeding because that person is a director or officer, in advance of the
final disposition of that action, suit or proceeding.
However, such payment
will be made only if Gart or Oshman's, as applicable, receives a written
undertaking by or on behalf of that director or officer to repay all amounts
advanced if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be
indemnified by Gart or Oshman's, as applicable, as authorized by Gart's amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws or
Oshman's certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as applicable.

                     
MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

Market Price Information

   Gart common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"GRTS."
Oshman's common stock is traded on the American Stock Exchange under
the symbol "OSH."

   
The following table sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the
high and low sale prices per share of Gart common stock, as reported on the
Nasdaq National Market, and Oshman's common stock, as reported on the American
Stock Exchange.

                                                        
Gart         Oshman's
                                                    Common Stock   Common Stock
                                                   ---------------
-------------
      Fiscal Year                                   High     Low    High   Low
      -----------                                  
------- -------
------ ------

      1998:
      
First Quarter............................... $17.250 $12.750 $ 6.75 $ 4.25
      Second Quarter..............................  18.000  12.500   9.38   5.63
      Third Quarter...............................  16.375   6.750   8.69   3.88
      Fourth Quarter..............................  10.375   5.625   4.75   2.88
      1999:
      First Quarter............................... $ 8.125 $ 5.750 $ 3.38 $ 2.25
      Second Quarter..............................   7.750   5.625   3.13   2.50
      Third Quarter...............................   7.000   4.500   2.63   1.88
      Fourth Quarter..............................   6.750   4.625   2.19   1.38
      2000:
      First Quarter............................... $ 6.875 $ 5.000 $ 2.88 $ 1.56
      Second Quarter..............................   9.250   4.750   4.00   2.00
      Third Quarter...............................  13.500   8.625   8.00   3.50
      Fourth Quarter..............................  13.438   9.125  10.25   5.50

   The following table sets forth the closing sales prices per share of Gart
common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market, and Oshman's common
stock, as reported on the American Stock Exchange, on (1) February 21, 2001,
the business day preceding the public announcement that Gart and Oshman's had
entered into the merger agreement and (2)      , 2001, the last full trading
day for which closing sales prices were available at the time of the printing
of this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

   
The table also includes the equivalent price per share of Oshman's common
stock on those dates.
This equivalent per share price reflects the value of the
merger consideration that Oshman's stockholders would receive for each share of
Oshman's common stock if the merger was completed on the specified dates by
multiplying the closing sales price of Gart common stock on those dates by the
exchange ratio of 0.55 and adding $7.00.
The mix between cash and Gart common
stock is subject to adjustment if the price of Gart common stock is less than
$9.50 on the closing date of the merger.
Please review the description of this
adjustment procedure under "The Merger and Related Transactions--Structure of
the Merger--Adjustment in Mix of Merger Consideration.
"

                                          Gart       Oshman's
                                      Common Stock Common Stock     Oshman's
                                        Closing      Closing    Equivalent Price
                                       Sale Price  Sales Price     per Share
                                      ------------
------------ ----------------

February 21, 2001....................    $11.00       $9.35          $13.05
      , 2001.........................

   
Because the market price of Gart common stock may increase or decrease
before the completion of the merger, Oshman's stockholders are urged to obtain
current market quotations.


Dividend Information

   Neither Gart nor Oshman's has declared or paid cash dividends on its capital
stock in its last five fiscal years.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, each of
Gart and Oshman's has agreed not to pay cash dividends pending the completion
of the merger, without the written consent of the other.
If the merger is not
completed, each of the Gart board of directors and the Oshman's board of
directors anticipates that it would continue to retain any and all earnings for
use in the operation and expansion of its business and would not pay any cash
dividends.

          
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet as of
February 3, 2001 reflects the financial position of Gart as if the acquisition
of Oshman's Sporting Goods, Inc. (the "Acquisition") had occurred on February
3, 2001.

   
The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of
operations for the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2001 presents the combined
condensed statement of operations of Gart as if the Acquisition had occurred on
January 30, 2000.

   
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements reflect the
Acquisition using the purchase method of accounting.
The total cost of the
Acquisition has been allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired
and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values.
The allocation
of the purchase price assumed in the unaudited pro forma combined condensed
financial statements is preliminary.
The actual allocation of the purchase
price and the resulting effect on income from operations may differ
significantly from the pro forma amounts included herein.
These statements do
not purport to be indicative of the results of operations or financial position
of Gart that would have been achieved had the Acquisition actually occurred as
of the assumed dates and for the periods presented.
The unaudited pro forma
combined condensed financial statements are based on the assumptions set forth
in the notes and should be read in conjunction with the separate historical
consolidated financial statements of Gart and Oshman's and related notes
thereto.

                           
GART'S UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                   COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

                             
Historical
                           53 Weeks Ended
                          February 3, 2001
                         --------------------
                                                 Reclass     Pro Forma    Pro Forma
                           Gart     Oshman's   Adjustments  Adjustments    Combined
                         ---------  ---------  
-----------  -----------   
----------

Net sales............... $ 751,124  $ 330,470   $     --    $       --    $1,081,594
Cost of goods sold......   559,778    215,913     25,164 G       1,739 D     802,594
                         ---------  ---------   
--------    ----------    ----------
Gross profit............   191,346    114,557    (25,164)       (1,739)      279,000
Operating expenses......   164,830     93,401    (25,164)G        (364)E     232,703
                         ---------  ---------   
--------    ----------    ----------
Operating income........    
26,516     21,156         --        (1,375)       46,297
Interest expense........   
(11,071)    (1,920)        --        (5,333)F     (18,324)

Other income............       
246         --         --            --           246
                         ---------  
---------   --------    ----------    
----------
Income from continuing
 operations before
 income taxes...........    15,691     19,236         --        (6,708)       28,219
Income tax benefit
 (expense)                   7,405        795         --         2,616 H      10,816
                         ---------  ---------   
--------    ----------    ----------
Income from continuing
 operations............. $  23,096  $  20,031   $     --    $   (4,092)   $   39,035
                         =========  =========   ========    ==========    ==========
Earnings per share
  Basic earnings per
   share................ $    3.13  $    3.47                             $     3.67
                         =========  =========                             ==========
  Diluted earnings per
   share................ $    2.99  $    3.30                             $     3.55
                         =========  =========                             ==========
Weighted average shares
 of common stock
 outstanding:
  Basic................. 7,380,529  5,770,000               (2,511,080)B  10,639,449
                         =========  =========               ==========    ==========
  Diluted............... 7,729,601  6,063,000               (2,804,080)B  10,988,521
                         =========  =========               ==========    ==========

                           GART'S UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                        COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                             (dollars in thousands)

                          
Historical February 3, 2001
                          ---------------------------
                                                          Reclass    Pro Forma   Pro Forma
                              GART         OSHMAN'S     Adjustments Adjustments  Combined
                          -------------  -------------------------- -----------  ---------

         ASSETS
Cash and equivalents....  
$       8,107  $         356    $    --    $     --    $  8,463
Accounts receivable,
 net....................          
6,273          1,072         --          --       7,345
Note receivable.........            181             --         
76 G        --         257
Inventories.............        230,800         81,412         --          --     312,212
Prepaid expenses and
 other assets...........          
7,474          3,819     (2,243)G      (364)A     8,686
Deferred income taxes...          2,033             --      2,167 G     4,160 A     8,360
                          -------------  -------------    -------    --------    --------
Total current assets....        
254,868         86,659         --       3,796     345,323
Property and equipment..         
59,298         32,764         --      (6,059)A    86,003
Favorable leases
 acquired, net..........             --             --         --      20,000 A    20,000
Asset held for sale.....          
1,671             --         --          --       1,671
Deferred income taxes...         13,208             --         --      (5,437)A     7,771
Goodwill................             --             --         --      26,327 A    26,327
Other assets, net.......          6,083             20         --       2,250 C     8,353
                          -------------  -------------    -------    --------    --------
Total assets............  $     335,128  $     119,443    $    --    $ 40,877    $495,448
                          =============  =============    =======    ========    ========
    LIABILITIES AND
  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Accounts payable........  $     105,395  $      32,277    $    --    $     --    $137,672
Current portion of long
 term obligations.......            470            461         --          --         931
Accrued expenses........         
35,679         20,071         --       3,569 A    59,319
                          -------------  
-------------    -------    --------    --------
Total current
 liabilities............        
141,544         52,809         --       3,569     197,922
Long-term debt..........         
95,900            557       (557)G    59,060 A   154,960
Capital lease
 obligations, less
 current................          1,805             --        557 G        --       2,362
Deferred rent and other
 long term liabilities..          
6,993          8,476         --          --      15,469
                          -------------  
-------------    -------    --------    --------
Total liabilities.......        246,242         61,842         --      62,629     370,713
                          -------------  
-------------    -------    --------    --------
Stockholders' equity
 Preferred stock........             --             --         --          --          --
 Common stock...........             77          5,913         --      (5,880)B       110
 Additional paid-in
  capital...............         
57,014          4,575         --      31,241 B    92,830
 Unamortized restricted
  stock compensation....         (2,055)            --         --          --      (2,055)
 Accumulated other
  comprehensive loss....           (226)            --         --          --        (226)
 Retained earnings......         36,489         47,349         --     (47,349)B    36,489
 Treasury stock.........         
(2,413)          (236)        --         236 B    (2,413)
                          -------------  
-------------    -------    --------    --------
Total stockholders'
 equity.................         88,886         57,601         --     (21,752)    124,735
                          -------------  -------------    
-------    --------    --------
Total liabilities and
 stockholders' equity...  $     335,128  $     119,443    $    --    $ 40,877    $495,448
                          =============  =============    =======    ========    ========

      NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                             (dollars in thousands)

(A)

   To record the acquisition of Oshman's, the purchase price and purchase price
allocation are summarized as follows:

   Common stock (3,258,920 shares at $11.00).........................  $35,849
   Cash consideration ($7.00 per share, 5,925,309 shares)............   
41,477
   Cash paid for stock option buy out................................    
9,698
   Less: stock option proceeds.......................................   (2,965)
   Direct costs of acquisition.......................................    8,600
                                                                       -------
   Total purchase consideration......................................  $92,659
   Allocated to:
   Historical book value of Oshman's assets and liabilities as of
    February 3, 2001.................................................  $57,601
   Adjust Oshman's assets and liabilities to fair value and record
    liabilities for store closings, severance, and relocation:
   Prepaid expenses..................................................     (364)
   Favorable leases acquired.........................................   20,000
   Property and equipment............................................   (6,059)
   
Accrued expenses..................................................   (3,569)
                                                                       -------
   Total adjustments.................................................   10,008
   Total allocation..................................................  $67,609
   Less: Net current deferred income tax assets (calculated at a rate
    of 39%)..........................................................   (4,160)
   
Add: Net long term deferred income tax liability (calculated at a
    rate of 39%).....................................................    
5,437
                                                                       -------
   Goodwill..........................................................  $26,327
                                                                       =======

(B)

   To reflect the elimination of Oshman's stockholders' equity and to reflect
the Gart common stock issued as partial consideration for the purchase.


(C)

   To reflect the capitalization of deferred financing costs for borrowings
under the new line of credit to finance the Acquisition.


(D)

   To reflect favorable lease amortization over the remaining terms of the
leases, ranging from 8 to 15 years, totaling $1,739.


(E)

   To reflect the increase in goodwill amortization, offset by decreases in
fixed assets depreciation and compensation expense.

   
Goodwill amortization was calculated on a straight-line basis over 30 years,
totaling $878 per year.
The decrease in fixed assets depreciation is due to the
write-off of certain Oshman's fixed assets that will be abandoned by Gart.
The
useful lives of these assets range from 3 to 20 years, and therefore the write-
off will result in a decrease in depreciation of $905 per year.
The decrease in
compensation expense reflects the impact of the compensation agreements entered
into as a result of the Acquisition, amounting to $575 less compensation paid
to these individuals by Oshman during 2000 totaling $912.


(F)

   To reflect an increase in interest expense due to an increase in the line of
credit to finance the Acquisition.
Interest expense was estimated using 8.5%.

In addition, interest expense was increased due to the amortization of the
deferred financing costs described in Note C.

(G)

   
To reflect adjustments to Oshman's balances to conform them to Gart's
presentation and adjustments to reclassify certain occupancy, procurement and
warehousing costs from operating expenses to cost of goods sold.


(H)

   To record the tax effect on the net pro forma adjustments to a statutory
rate of 39%.


GENERAL:

   .  
Oshman's records its inventory on the first-in first-out (FIFO) method
      of accounting for inventory.
This methodology is contrary to Gart's
      method of recording inventory on the last-in first-out (LIFO) method
      of accounting.
The cumulative effect of this change is not presented
      because it is not determinable.

   .  
Additional adjustments to inventories will be necessary at the
      Acquisition effective date to adjust inventories to fair value, based
      upon an estimated selling price less selling costs and a normal profit
      margin thereon.
Due to uncertainty concerning this item, no adjustment
      has been presented in the pro forma financial statements.

   .  
The pro forma adjustments also do not include any adjustments related
      to the estimated stock- based compensation that may arise as a part of
      the Acquisition.

                   
ADDITIONAL ANNUAL MEETING MATTERS FOR GART

                         Election of Directors of Gart

General

   At Gart's annual meeting, Gart stockholders will be asked to vote on the
election of six directors who will constitute Gart's full board of directors.

Each director so elected will hold office until Gart's next annual meeting and
until his successor is elected and qualified.

   
There are no family relationships between any director, nominee or executive
officer of Gart and any other director, nominee or executive officer of Gart.

Except as described in this joint proxy statement-prospectus, there are no
arrangements or understandings between any director, nominee or executive
officer of Gart and any other person pursuant to which he or she has been or
will be selected as a director and/or executive officer of Gart.


Voting

   The six persons who receive the highest number of votes at Gart's annual
meeting will be elected to Gart's board of directors.
Each nominee has
consented to being named in this joint proxy statement-prospectus and to serve
if elected.
Stockholders are not allowed to cumulate their votes in the
election of directors.
An abstention will have the same effect as a vote
withheld for the election of directors.
A broker non-vote will not be treated
as voting in person or by proxy on the proposal.

   
Each proxy received will be voted in accordance with the instructions
indicated on the proxy.
If no instructions are indicated on the proxy, then the
proxy will be voted "FOR" the election of each of the nominees named below.

Although it is not contemplated that any nominee named below will decline or be
unable to serve as a director, in the event any nominee declines or is unable
to serve as a director, the proxies may be voted with discretionary authority
for any substitute designated by Gart's board of directors.


Nominees

   The names of the nominees and related information as of March 30, 2001 are
set forth below.

   
Gart's board of directors recommends that Gart stockholders vote "FOR" the
election of the nominees listed below.


Name                      Age           Position with Gart            Director Since
- ----                      ---           ------------------            --------------

John Douglas Morton.....   
50 President, Chief Executive Officer, and      1995
                               Chairman of the Board
Jonathan D. Sokoloff....   43 Director                                     1993
Jonathan A. Seiffer.....   29 Director                                     1998
Gordon D. Barker........   
55 Director                                     1998
Peter R. Formanek.......   57 Director                                     1998

[Director to be supplied
 by amendment]

   John Douglas Morton.
Mr. Morton became president, chief executive officer
and chairman of the board in May 1995.
Mr. Morton joined Gart in 1986 as
division manager of Gart's Utah region.
In 1988, he was promoted to division
vice president of that region, and, in 1990, he was promoted to vice president
of operations.
In 1994, Mr. Morton was promoted to executive vice president
with responsibility for stores, distribution and marketing.
Before joining
Gart, he served in various positions with Wolfe's Sporting Goods, a seven-store
sporting goods retailer, from 1972 to 1980.
Mr. Morton's positions at Wolfe's
Sporting Goods

included merchandise manager--ski, camping, golf and tennis, store manager, and
operations manager.
From 1980 until joining Gart, he served as a district
manager for Malone and Hyde's sporting goods division, a 40-store retail
sporting goods retailer.
Mr. Morton has worked for over 30 years in the
sporting goods retail industry.

   
Jonathan D. Sokoloff.
Mr. Sokoloff became a director of Gart in April 1993.

Since 1990, Mr. Sokoloff has been a partner of Leonard Green & Associates,
L.P., a merchant banking firm and the general partner of Green Equity
Investors, L.P., the holder of approximately 64% of the outstanding shares of
Gart common stock.
Mr. Sokoloff was employed at Drexel Burnham Lambert
Incorporated from 1985 to 1990, most recently as a managing director.
Mr.
Sokoloff has been an executive officer and equity owner of Leonard Green &
Partners, L.P., a merchant banking firm affiliated with Leonard Green &
Associates, L.P., since its formation in 1994.
Mr. Sokoloff also is a director
of Twinlab Corporation, Rite Aid Corporation, Diamond Triumph Auto Glass, Inc.,
Dollar Financial Group, Inc. and several private companies.

   
Jonathan A. Seiffer.
Mr. Seiffer became a director of Gart in December 1998.

Since January 1999, Mr. Seiffer has been a partner of Leonard Green & Partners,
L.P. From December 1997 to January 1999, Mr. Seiffer was a vice president of
Leonard Green & Partners, L.P., and, from October 1994 to December 1997, he was
an associate at Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. Before October 1994, Mr. Seiffer
was a member of the corporate finance department of Donaldson, Lufkin &
Jenrette Securities Corporation.
Mr. Seiffer also is a director of several
private companies.

   
Gordon D. Barker.
Mr. Barker became a director of Gart in April 1998.
Mr.
Barker was the chief executive officer and a director of Thrifty Payless
Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of Rite Aid Corporation, from 1996 until its
acquisition by Rite Aid Corporation in 1997.
He previously served in various
capacities at Thrifty Payless since 1968, including as chief operating officer
from 1994 to 1996 and as president from 1994 to 1997.
Mr. Barker also is a
director of United Natural Foods.
Mr. Barker currently serves as chief
executive officer of Snyder Drug Stores, a mid-western chain of approximately
150 corporate and affiliate drug stores.

   
Peter R. Formanek.
Mr. Formanek became a director of Gart in April 1998.
Mr.
Formanek was co-founder of AutoZone Inc., a retailer of aftermarket automotive
parts, and served as president and chief operating officer of AutoZone Inc.
from 1986 until his retirement in 1994.
He currently is a director of The
Perrigo Company and Borders Group, Inc.

   
[Additional Director].
[To be supplied by amendment.
]

         Information About Gart's Board of Directors and Its Committees

Committees and Meetings of the Board of Directors

   Gart's board of directors has an Audit Committee and a Compensation
Committee, which are described below, but does not currently have a Nominating
Committee.
During Gart's 2000 fiscal year, Gart's board of directors held 4
meetings, the Audit Committee held 5 meetings, and the Compensation Committee
held 1 meeting.
During Gart's 2000 fiscal year, each of Gart's directors
attended at least 75% of the aggregate of: (1) the total number of meetings of
the board of directors (held during the period in which the director served as
a director of Gart) and (2) the total number of meetings held by all committees
of the board of directors on which the director served (during the periods in
which the director served on the committees).


Audit Committee

   As of the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, the members of the
Audit Committee are Gordon D. Barker and Jonathan A. Seiffer.
[Third member to
be supplied by amendment.]
Mr. Barker is "independent" as that term is defined
in Rule 4200(a)(14) of the National Association of Securities Dealers' listing
standards.
However, Mr. Seiffer may not be considered "independent," as a
result of that fact that he may be deemed to be an affiliate of Green Equity
Investors, L.P., Gart's principal stockholder.
Notwithstanding Mr. Seiffer's
lack of independence, Gart's board of directors has resolved that Mr. Seiffer's
presence on the Audit Committee is beneficial to Gart and has identified
special circumstances as the basis for its determination.
Mr. Seiffer, who is a
partner of a merchant banking firm, has extensive experience with respect to
sophisticated financial matters.
In addition, Mr. Seiffer has developed a
thorough understanding of Gart's financial accounting as a result of his
several years of service as a director of Gart, and has additional experience
with other companies in the retail sporting goods industry.
The Audit Committee
operates pursuant to a written charter, a copy of which is attached as Annex F
to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
The functions of the Audit Committee
are:

  .  
to review Gart's audited annual financial statements prior to their
     filing or distribution, which review includes discussions with Gart's
     management and Gart's accounting firm of accounting principles,
     practices and judgments as well as the adequacy of internal controls
     that could affect Gart's financial statements;

  .to
discuss with Gart's accounting firm any significant changes to Gart's
  accounting principles;

  .  
to recommend annually to Gart's board of directors the appointment of
     Gart's accounting firm;

  .  
to review the independence and performance of Gart's accounting firm and
     to review and approve the fees and other significant compensation to be
     paid to Gart's accounting firm;

  .  
to review Gart's existing major accounting and financial policies; and

  .  to consider, in consultation with management and with Gart's accounting
     firm, the integrity of Gart's financial reporting processes and
     controls.


Compensation Committee

   As of the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, the members of the
Compensation Committee are Jonathan D. Sokoloff, Peter R. Formanek and Larry J.
Hochberg.
The functions of the Compensation Committee are:

  .  
to establish the compensation of Gart's executive officers and to
     actively review the salaries, bonuses and other forms of compensation
     for other officers and key employees of Gart; and

  .  
to administer and interpret Gart's stock option plans, which includes
     exercising its authority in determining which persons will be granted
     options and the terms and conditions of the stock options granted.


Compensation of Directors

   Directors who are employees or consultants of Gart receive no additional
compensation for serving as directors.
Mr. Sokoloff and Mr. Seiffer, who are
non-employee directors, also do not receive any compensation for serving as
directors.
All directors are reimbursed for the expenses they incur in
attending meetings.

   
In March 1999, Gart's board of directors approved the following compensation
for non-employee directors of Gart:

  .  
the grant of options to purchase 10,000 shares of Gart common stock upon
     joining the board of directors; and

  .  
$25,000 per year, payable quarterly either in cash or in restricted
     shares, at the election of the director (restricted shares are valued as
     of the last day of the first fiscal quarter in which the director
     attends at least one meeting of the board of directors).

   
In addition, on March 5, 2001, Gart's board of directors voted unanimously
to increase, effective as of the first fiscal quarter of 2001, the compensation
for non-employee directors of Gart as follows:

  .  
$1,500, payable in cash, for attendance at each meeting of the board of
     directors;

  .  
$1,500, payable in cash, for attendance at each meeting of a committee
     of the board of directors;

  .  
$5,000 per year, payable in cash, for the chairperson of the Audit
     Committee; and

  .  
the grant of 5,000 options to purchase shares of Gart common stock,
     granted annually.


Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation
Decisions

   During Gart's 2000 fiscal year, Mr. Sokoloff, a non-employee director, was a
member of the Compensation Committee.
Mr. Sokoloff is a partner of Leonard
Green & Associates, L.P., an affiliate of Leonard Green & Partners, L.P., which
provides management, consulting and financial planning services to Gart.
See
"Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Relating to Gart" and
"Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger--Interest of Gart's Directors and
Officers in the Merger" for a description of this arrangement and other
relationships between Gart and entities controlled by Mr. Sokoloff.

                           
Executive Officers of Gart

   The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
executive officers of Gart.
Each such executive officer serves at the pleasure
of Gart's board of directors.

                                                                                             
Office Held
Name                     Age                       Position with Gart                           Since
- ----                     --- --------------------------------------------------------------- -----------

John Douglas Morton.....  
50 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board      1995
Thomas T. Hendrickson...  46 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    1998
Greg Waters.............  40 Senior Vice President-Store Operations                             1998
Arthur S. Hagan.........  62 Senior Vice President-Merchandising                                1998
James M. Van Alstyne....  40 Senior Vice President-Merchandising                                2000
Michael McCaghren.......  41 Senior Vice President-Chief Information Officer                    1999
Nesa E. Hassanein.......  48 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary               2000
Anthony Forde...........  45 Senior Vice President-Merchandise Allocation and Marketing         2000

   John Douglas Morton.
See "--Nominees" for information concerning Mr. Morton.

   
Thomas T. Hendrickson.
Mr. Hendrickson became executive vice president,
chief financial officer and treasurer of Gart in January 1998.
Mr. Hendrickson
previously served as the executive vice president and chief financial officer
of Sportmart since September 1996.
He joined Sportmart in January 1993 as vice
president--financial operations.
In March 1993, he was named chief financial
officer of Sportmart, and, in March 1995, he was named senior vice president
and chief financial officer of Sportmart.
From 1987 until joining Sportmart,
Mr. Hendrickson was employed as the vice president and controller of Millers
Outpost Stores.

   
Greg Waters.
Mr. Waters joined Gart in April 1998 as senior vice president--
Store Operations.
Before joining Gart, Mr. Waters served as the western
regional vice president for The Sports Authority since 1994 and as a district
manager for The Sports Authority since 1991.
Mr. Waters was employed by
Herman's World of Sporting Goods from 1983 until 1991, most recently as a
district manager.

   
Arthur S. Hagan.
Mr. Hagan became senior vice president--merchandising of
Gart in January 1998.
Mr. Hagan joined Gart in 1988 as Gart's division
merchandise manager for golf, tennis, ski clothing/equipment and garden
furniture and was promoted to vice president--store operations in 1995 and to
senior vice president--store operations in May 1997.
He was president and owner
of Hagan Sports Ltd., a six-store sporting goods retailer acquired by Gart in
1987, and president and chief executive officer of Aspen Leaf of Colorado,
Inc., a 12-store ski equipment and apparel retailer.
Mr. Hagan has over 30
years of retailing experience.

   
James M. Van Alstyne.
Mr. Van Alstyne became senior vice president--
merchandising of Gart in April 2000.
Mr. Van Alstyne joined Gart in 1986 as a
buyer and held that position until 1993.
Mr. Van Alstyne returned to Gart in
1998 as vice president merchandising--hardlines and held that position until
April 2000.
From 1993 to 1998, Mr. Van Alstyne served as Easton Sports, Inc.'s
western regional sales manager, national sales manager and vice president of
sales for the United States, Latin America and Australia.

   Michael McCaghren.
Mr. McCaghren became senior vice president--chief
information officer of Gart in February 1999.
Before joining Gart, he was most
recently senior vice president--systems, merchandise planning, allocation and
replenishment, logistics and corporate administration at Jumbo Sports, a
sporting goods retailer, where he was employed from 1997 to 1999.
Before
joining Jumbo Sports, for approximately one year Mr. McCaghren was national
director at GSI Outsourcing Inc., an information systems outsourcing subsidiary
of ADP, Inc.
From 1991 to 1996, he was senior vice president and chief
information officer of Eli Witt Company, a grocery wholesaler.

   
Nesa E. Hassanein.
Ms. Hassanein became senior vice president, general
counsel and secretary of Gart in June 2000.
Ms. Hassanein joined Gart in July
1998 as vice president and corporate counsel.
Before joining Gart, during 1997,
Ms. Hassanein served as senior vice president and general counsel for Atlas
Air, Inc.
From 1995 to 1997, Ms. Hassanein was a partner of Morrison & Foerster
LLP, from 1992 to 1995, she was a shareholder of Brownstein Hyatt Farber &
Strickland P.C., and from 1982 to 1991, she was as an associate of Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP.

   
Anthony Forde.
Mr. Forde became senior vice president--marketing &
merchandise allocations of Gart in June 2000.
He joined Gart in January 1998 as
vice president--merchandise allocations.
Before joining Gart, Mr. Forde was
vice president--merchandising allocations for Thrifty Payless.
Since 1980, Mr.
Forde served as store manager, district manager, category manager and visual
director for Phar Mor Inc. and Giant Eagle, Inc.
Mr. Forde has over 25 years of
retail experience.

                   
Compensation of Executive Officers of Gart

   The following table sets forth information regarding the annual and long-
term compensation paid to the chief executive officer of Gart and the four
other most highly compensated executive officers of Gart receiving a total
annual salary and bonus of $100,000 or more.

                           
Summary Compensation Table

                                    Annual Compensation                   Long-Term Compensation
                          ----------------------------------------
-------------------------------------
                                                                           
Awards
                                                                   ------------------------
                                                         Other
                                                         Annual     Restricted   Securities  All Other
   Name and Principal     Fiscal                      Compensation    Stock      Underlying Compensation
        Position           Year  Salary ($) Bonus ($)     ($)      Award(s) ($)  Options(#)     ($)
          (a)              (b)      (c)        (d)        (e)          (f)          (g)         (h)
- ------------------------- ------ ----------
--------- ------------ ------------  ----------
------------

John Douglas Morton......  2000   418,268    578,256        --       299,250(1)    60,000       3,150(2)
  Chairman, President and  1999   407,492    214,038        --       828,125(3)    25,000       3,000(2)
  Chief Executive Officer  1998   400,000        --         --           --        54,000       3,000(2)
Thomas T. Hendrickson....  2000   272,038    322,365        --       117,905(1)    45,000         --
  Executive Vice
   President,              1999   246,461    118,800     71,260(4)   409,094(3)    10,000         --
  Chief Financial Officer
   and                     1998   240,000        --      87,362(4)       --        64,916     118,341(5)
  
Treasurer
Greg Waters..............  2000   220,961    218,199        --        52,500(1)    30,000         --
  Senior Vice President-
   Store                   1999   190,480     75,750        --       165,625(3)     8,000         --
  Operations               1998   151,675        --      69,305(4)       --        40,000         --
Arthur S. Hagan..........  2000   203,268    200,727        --        31,500(1)    15,000       1,426(2)
  Senior Vice President-   1999   174,422     69,375        --       139,125(3)     2,000       1,200(2)
  Merchandising            1998   170,000        --         --           --                     2,098(2)
Michael McCaghren (6)....  2000   197,307    194,840        --        78,750(1)     5,000         --
  Senior Vice President-
   Chief                   1999   179,038     75,000     39,569(4)       --        15,000         --
  Information Officer

- --------
(1) Represents the market value of restricted shares granted during Gart's 2000
    fiscal year based on the closing sales price of $5.25 per share on June 27,
    2000, the date of grant.
These shares become 100% vested on June 27, 2005,
    subject to the named executive officer's continued employment by Gart.

(2) Represents contributions made by Gart on behalf of the named executive
    officer to his 401(k) Savings Plan.

(3) Represents the market value of restricted shares granted during Gart's 1999
    fiscal year based on the closing sales price of $6.625 per share on March
    16, 1999, the date of the grant.
These shares become 100% vested on March
    16, 2004, subject to the named executive officer's continued employment by
    Gart.

(4) Represents the reimbursement of relocation expenses.

(5) Includes $2,991, which represents contributions made by Gart on behalf of
    Mr. Hendrickson to his 401(k) Savings Plan.
The balance of $115,350
    represents a payment made to Mr. Hendrickson pursuant to a change in
    control agreement between him and Sportmart.
In addition, Mr. Hendrickson
    received a payment of $258,757 in January 1998 pursuant to the same change
    in control agreement.

(6) Mr. McCaghren became senior vice president--chief information officer in
    February 1999.


Option Grants in the Last Fiscal Year

   The following table sets forth information with respect to the options
granted by Gart during the 2000 fiscal year to the named executive officers:

                       Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year

                                                                                      Potential Realizable Value At
                                                                                         Assumed Annual Rates Of
                                                                                      Stock Price Appreciation For
                                              Individual Grants                              Option Term (2)
                         ------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------
                              Number Of           Percent Of      Exercise
                             Securities         Total Options     Of Base
                             Underlying      Granted To Employees  Price   Expiration
          Name           Options Granted (#)    
In Fiscal Year     ($/Sh)     Date        5% ($)
          (a)                  (b) (1)               (c)            (d)       (e)          (f)        10% ($) (g)
- ------------------------ ------------------- -------------------- -------- ---------- -------------- ---------------

John Douglas Morton.....       60,000                15.8%         $6.000   7/3/2010  $      226,402 $      573,747
Thomas T. Hendrickson...       45,000                11.9%         $6.000   7/3/2010  $      169,802 $      430,310
Greg Waters.............       30,000                 7.9%         $6.000   7/3/2010  $      113,201 $      286,874
Arthur S. Hagan.........       15,000                 4.0%         $6.000   7/3/2010  $       56,601 $      143,437
Michael McCaghren.......        5,000                 1.3%         $6.000   7/3/2010  $       18,867 $       47,812

- --------
(1) These options were granted under Gart's 1994 Management Equity Plan.

(2) Based upon the estimated fair value of a share of Gart common stock on the
    date of grant and assumes appreciation over the term of the options at the
    annual rates of stock appreciation shown.
Potential gains are net of the
    exercise price of the options but before taxes associated with the
    exercise.
The 5% and 10% assumed annual rates of compounded stock
    appreciation are mandated by the rules of the Securities and Exchange
    Commission and do not represent Gart's estimate or projection of the future
    price of shares of Gart common stock.
Actual gains, if any, on stock option
    exercises depend on Gart's future financial performance and overall market
    conditions.
The actual value realized may be greater or less than the
    potential realizable value set forth in the table.


Aggregated Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year and Fiscal Year-End Option
Values

   The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
number and value of unexercised options held by the named executive officers at
February 3, 2001.
The named executive officers did not exercise any options
during Gart's last fiscal year.

           
Aggregated Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year and FY-End
                                 Option Values

                            Number of Securities         Value of Unexercised
                                 Underlying                   In-the-Money
                           Unexercised Options at             Options at
                             Fiscal Year-End (#)          
Fiscal Year-End ($)
          Name           Exercisable/ Unexercisable  Exercisable/Unexercisable (1)
          (a)                        (d)                          (e)
- ------------------------ --------------------------  
-----------------------------

John Douglas Morton.....       190,600       144,400 $      839,735 $      478,460
Thomas T. Hendrickson...        36,916        83,000 $       29,750 $      316,500
Greg Waters.............        17,600        60,400 $       27,800 $      226,200
Arthur S. Hagan.........        36,200        24,800 $      184,132 $      111,958
Michael McCaghren.......         3,000        17,000 $       14,625 $       86,000

- --------
(1) Represents the value of the shares of Gart common stock that are subject to
    outstanding options based on the market value of $11.50 per share at
    February 3, 2001 less the aggregate option price.


Report of the Compensation Committee

   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any of Gart's previous
filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act that might incorporate
future filings, including this joint proxy statement-prospectus, in whole or in
part, the following Report of the Compensation Committee and the Performance
Graph set forth on page 91 shall not be incorporated by reference into any such
filings.

   
The Compensation Committee of Gart's board of directors, composed of outside
directors of Gart's board of directors, reviews the performance of Gart's
executive officers, determines the compensation of Gart's executive officers
and is active in reviewing salaries, bonuses and other forms of compensation
for other officers and key employees of Gart.
The Compensation Committee is
empowered by Gart's board of directors to award stock options, grants of
restricted shares of Gart common stock, and permitted purchases of Gart common
stock to key employees of Gart.

   
The Compensation Committee has access to independent compensation data and
is authorized, if determined appropriate in any particular case, to engage
outside compensation consultants.

   
The objectives of the Compensation Committee are to support the achievement
of desired standards of performance by Gart, to provide compensation and
benefits that will attract and retain superior talent and reward performance,
and to cause some portion of compensation to be based on Gart's performance.

   
Gart's executive compensation program generally is composed of base salary,
bonuses based upon Gart's achievement of a target level of earnings before
income taxes, interest expense and other financing costs, and depreciation and
amortization ("EBITDA"), and long-term incentives in the form of stock options,
restricted stock grants and permitted stock purchases.

    
Base Salaries

   Base salaries for Gart's executive officers are competitively set relative
to salaries of officers of companies included in the Standard & Poor's Retail
Index that are comparable to Gart in business and size.
In each instance, base
salary takes into account individual experience and performance specific to
Gart.
The Compensation Committee generally attempts to provide compensation
approximating the median of comparable companies.
Except for increases
associated with promotions or increased responsibility, increases in base
salaries for executive officers of Gart from year to year are limited to
adjustments to reflect increases in the rate of inflation.

   
The Compensation Committee is aware that the Internal Revenue Code treats
certain elements of executive compensation in excess of $1 million a year as an
expense not deductible by Gart for federal income tax purposes.
For the fiscal
year ended February 3, 2001, no executive officer's compensation exceeded the
cap on deductibility.
To the extent compensation to an executive officer
exceeds the cap in the future, the Compensation Committee will consider the
facts and circumstances at that time to reach a determination regarding the
impact of the cap on such compensation.

    
Bonus Plan

   Bonuses for executive officers and certain other officers and members of
Gart's target bonus management team are paid pursuant to Gart's Bonus Plan.
The
purpose of the Bonus Plan is to provide an incentive for executives and other
key employees of Gart and to reward them in relation to the degree to which
specified earnings goals are achieved.
Under the Bonus Plan, eligible employees
are awarded cash bonuses based upon the extent to which Gart achieves a target
level of EBITDA (the "Target EBITDA") established each year by the Compensation
Committee.
The amount of each employee's cash bonus, as determined by the
Compensation Committee, is a percentage of salary ranging from a maximum of 70%
(for the Chief Executive Officer) to 10% depending on position, if Gart
achieves 100% of the Target EBITDA.
Bonuses also can be increased, at the
discretion of the Compensation Committee, if the Target EBITDA is exceeded.

Gart achieved 122.2% of the Target EBITDA for the 2000 fiscal year and bonuses
were awarded based on the percentage of the Target EBITDA that Gart achieved.

Gart's board of directors may choose to continue, amend or terminate the Bonus
Plan in future years after the 2000 fiscal year.

    
1994 Management Equity Plan

   The Compensation Committee administers Gart's 1994 Management Equity Plan,
as amended.
Under the terms of the 1994 Management Equity Plan, the
Compensation Committee may award key employees (including officers and
directors who are employees) of Gart or its subsidiaries (1) grants of Gart
common stock ("Grant Shares"'), (2) permitted purchases of Gart common stock
("Purchased Shares") or (3) options to purchase shares of Gart common stock, or
any combination of the foregoing as determined by the Compensation Committee.
1,750,000 shares of Gart common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant
to awards that may be granted under the 1994 Management Equity Plan.
Gart's
board of directors has approved an amendment to the 1994 Management Equity
Plan, which is subject to the approval of Gart stockholders, that would
increase the number of shares of Gart common stock that are reserved for
issuance to 2,500,000.

   
The Compensation Committee believes that employee equity ownership provides
significant additional motivation to maximize value for Gart's stockholders.

Therefore, the Compensation Committee periodically grants stock options to
Gart's employees, including executive officers.
Stock options are granted
typically at the prevailing market price of Gart common stock and, therefore,
will only have value if the market price of Gart common stock increases over
the exercise price.
The Compensation Committee believes that the grant of stock
options provides a long-term incentive to employees to contribute to the growth
of Gart and establishes a direct link between compensation and stockholder
return, measured by the same index used by stockholders to measure Gart's
performance.
The terms of the stock options granted by Gart, including number
of shares, vesting, exercisability and stock option term, are determined by the
Compensation Committee, based upon the position and responsibilities of the
applicable employee, the historical and expected contributions of the
applicable employee, any previous option grants to the applicable employee and
a review of competitive equity compensation for executive officers of similar
rank in companies that are comparable to Gart's industry and size.

   
In the case of stock options, the Compensation Committee has the authority
to determine whether such stock options shall be intended as "incentive stock
options" or "non-incentive" or "nonqualified" stock options under Section 422
of the Internal Revenue Code.
No more than an aggregate of 600,000 shares of
Gart common stock may be issuable upon the exercise of outstanding incentive
stock options at any time.
Stock options may be transferred by an optionee
during his or her lifetime only to the extent permitted by the Compensation
Committee.

    
Compensation of Chief Executive Officer

   The compensation package of John Douglas Morton, Gart's president and chief
executive officer, was determined in accordance with the principles described
above.
In 2000, Mr. Morton received a base salary of $418,268 and a bonus of
$578,256.
The Compensation Committee also approved grants of 60,000 stock
options and 57,000 shares of restricted stock to Mr. Morton in 2000.
In
addition, Mr. Morton received certain other customary perquisites and benefits
in 2000.
The Compensation Committee approved Mr. Morton's total compensation
based on the following factors, which are listed in the order of importance to
the Compensation Committee: (1) improvement in the financial performance of
Gart and (2) Gart's comparative performance with other companies in its
industry.

   
Compensation Committee Members:

   Jonathan D. Sokoloff
   Peter R. Formanek
   Larry J. Hochberg

        , 2001

Compensation and Severance Agreements and Plans

    Change in Control Severance Agreements

   Gart is party to a change in control severance agreement with most of its
officers, including Mr. Morton and each of the other executives officers named
in the Summary Compensation Table.

   
The severance agreements provide that an officer is entitled to a severance
payment if a transaction resulting in a change in control occurs and, within
one year from the date of the transaction, either the officer's employment is
terminated, other than for cause, or the officer resigns for "good reason" (as
defined in the severance agreements).
The severance payments consist of: (1)
payment, in one lump sum, of an amount equal to the officer's base salary for a
specified severance period (three years for Gart's President, two years for the
executive vice president, one and one-half years for senior vice presidents,
and one year for vice presidents), (2) payment of the "on plan" bonus amount
for the fiscal year in which termination of employment occurs, multiplied by
the applicable severance period for the officer, (3) medical, dental, life and
other insurance benefits for the applicable severance period and (4) any
automobile provided by Gart to the officer.
After a transaction resulting in a
change of control occurs, an officer of Gart may resign for "good reason" and
receive his or her severance payment if the officer's base salary or bonus is
reduced, the officer's responsibilities and position are reduced, or the
officer is required to work at a location more than 30 miles from Gart's
current executive offices.

   
In connection with entering into the severance agreements, Gart agreed to
accelerate the vesting of stock options or restricted shares granted to
officers, if the officer becomes entitled to receive a severance payment under
his or her severance agreement.
The officer then would have one year in which
to exercise the stock options.
After one year, the stock options would
terminate.

    
Employee Benefit Plan

   Gart maintains a defined contribution profit sharing plan that includes a
401(k) plan feature for all eligible employees.
The defined contribution profit
sharing plan allows eligible employees to make tax deferred contributions and
provides for discretionary matching contributions by Gart as determined by
Gart's board of directors.
In the 2000 fiscal year, Gart's matching
contributions were in the amount of approximately $357,000.

    
Deferred Compensation Plan

   During the 1999 fiscal year, Gart began a nonqualified deferred compensation
plan for some members of management.
Eligible employees may contribute a
portion of their base salary or bonuses to the plan annually.
The nonqualified
deferred compensation plan provides for additional matching contributions by
Gart, with limitations similar to those under Gart's 401(k) plan, as well as
discretionary contributions, in an amount determined by Gart before the end of
each plan year.
Gart made no matching contributions to the deferred
compensation plan during the 2000 fiscal year.

           
Report of the Audit Committee of Gart's Board of Directors

   The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed Gart's consolidated financial
statements with management.
The Audit Committee has discussed with Deloitte &
Touche LLP the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing
Standards
No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU (S)
380).
The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter
from Deloitte & Touche LLP required by Independence Standards Board Standard
No. 1 (Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1, Independence Discussions
with Audit Committees) and has discussed with Deloitte & Touche LLP that firm's
independence.

   
Based upon the Audit Committee's review and discussions referred to above,
the Audit Committee recommended that Gart's audited consolidated financial
statements be included in

Gart's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2001
for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

   
Audit Committee Members:

   Gordon D. Barker
   Jonathan A. Seiffer

        , 2001

            Gart's Relationship with Independent Public Accountants

Audit Fees

   The aggregate fees billed to Gart by Deloitte & Touche LLP for professional
services rendered for the audit of Gart's consolidated financial statements for
the fiscal year ended February 3, 2001 and the reviews of Gart's consolidated
financial statements included in Gart's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the
fiscal quarters ended April 29, 2000, July 29, 2000 and October 28, 2000 were
$211,958.


Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation

   There were no fees billed to Gart by Deloitte & Touche LLP for financial
information systems design and implementation for the fiscal year ended
February 3, 2001.


All Other Fees

   The aggregate fees billed to Gart by Deloitte & Touche LLP for services
rendered, other than the services covered above under "Audit Fees" and
"Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation," for the fiscal year
ended February 3, 2001 were $369,425.

   
The Audit Committee has considered whether the provision of services other
than audit services to Gart by Deloitte & Touche LLP is compatible with
maintaining Deloitte & Touche LLP's independence.


Changes in Accountants

   On May 16, 2000, Gart engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP as its independent
auditors for the fiscal year ending February 3, 2001 and dismissed its former
independent auditors, KPMG LLP, effective upon the appointment of Deloitte &
Touche LLP.
The decision to engage Deloitte & Touche LLP was approved by the
Audit Committee.

   
During the fiscal years ended January 29, 2000 and January 30, 1999 and the
subsequent interim period preceding the date of change in independent auditors,
Gart did not consult Deloitte & Touche LLP regarding: (1) the application of
accounting principles to a completed or proposed transaction or (2) the type of
audit opinion that might be rendered on Gart's financial statements.

   
KPMG LLP's report on Gart's financial statements for the fiscal years ended
January 29, 2000 and January 30, 1999 did not contain an adverse opinion or a
disclaimer of opinion nor was the report modified as to uncertainty, audit
scope or accounting principles.
For the two fiscal years ended January 29, 2000
and during the subsequent interim period preceding the date of the change in
independent auditor, there were no disagreements with KPMG LLP on any matter of
accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing
scope or procedure that would have caused KPMG LLP to make reference in their
report to such disagreements.
KPMG LLP has furnished Gart with a letter
addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that KPMG LLP
agrees with the statements contained herein, except that KPMG LLP is not in a
position to agree or disagree with Gart's statement that the change was
approved by the Audit Committee of the board of directors, and KPMG LLP is not
in a position to agree or disagree with Gart's statement that Deloitte & Touche
LLP was not consulted regarding the application of accounting principles to be
completed or proposed transaction or the type of audit opinion that might be
rendered on Gart's financial statements.

                           
Performance Graph of Gart

   The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total returns for Gart,
the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Standard & Poor's Retail Index and a peer group
of companies during the period commencing January 9, 1998 (the date that Gart
first become subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act) and
ending on February 3, 2001.
In reviewing this graph, you should keep in mind
the possible effect that the limited trading in Gart common stock may have had
on the price of Gart common stock.

   
The comparison assumes $100.00 was invested on January 9, 1998 and assumes
the reinvestment of all dividends, if any.
The peer group consists of the
following publicly traded sporting goods retailers: Sport Chalet, Inc., Hibbett
Sporting Goods, Inc. and The Sports Authority, Inc.
Oshman's Sporting Goods,
Inc. has been removed from the peer group used in this joint proxy statement-
prospectus as a result of the proposed merger.
Gart did not replace Oshman's
Sporting Goods, Inc. in its peer group.

        
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance of Gart

   Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires Gart's directors, executive
officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of Gart's
equity securities to file reports of initial ownership and reports of changes
in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Such directors,
officers and 10% stockholders are required to furnish Gart with copies of all
Section 16(a)
forms they file.

   
Based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to Gart,
Gart believes that during the 2000 fiscal year, all section 16(a) requirements
applicable to its directors, executive officers and 10% stockholders were
complied with.

        
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Relating to Gart

Relationship with Green Equity Investors, L.P.

    Ownership Interest of Green Equity Investors in Gart

   Green Equity Investors, L.P. currently owns approximately 64% of the
outstanding shares of Gart common stock.
Green Equity Investors, whose general
partner is Leonard Green & Associates, L.P., an affiliate of Leonard Green &
Partners, L.P., led the acquisition of Thrifty Corporation in 1992, at which
time Gart was a subsidiary of Thrifty.
In 1994, Thrifty distributed all of the
shares of Gart's capital stock to the stockholders of Thrifty.
Leonard Green &
Partners, L.P. is a private investment firm that initiates, structures and
invests in acquisitions and recapitalizations of established public and private
middle-market companies.
If the merger is completed, Green Equity Investors
will own approximately 44% of the outstanding shares of Gart common stock
(assuming a conversion ratio in the merger of 0.55 shares of Gart common stock
for each outstanding share of Oshman's common stock).

   
Due to its ownership interest in Gart, Green Equity Investors currently is
able to control Gart, to elect the majority of Gart's board of directors, and
to approve any action requiring stockholder approval, including adopting
amendments to Gart's certificate of incorporation and approving or disapproving
mergers or sales of all or substantially all of the assets of Gart.
As a result
of such control, Green Equity Investors is able effectively to control all of
Gart's policy decisions.
If the merger is completed, Green Equity Investors, as
a stockholder with a substantial ownership interest in Gart, will continue to
be able to influence Gart's corporate actions and it will be difficult for
third parties to obtain control of Gart through purchases of Gart common stock.

    
Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreements

   Gart was a subsidiary of Thrifty, which was wholly owned by TCH Corporation,
until 1994, and was included in TCH's consolidated federal income tax returns
during that period.
The successor to TCH is currently owned by Rite Aid
Corporation.
Under federal tax law, if Gart is included in a consolidated
federal income tax return, it is severally liable for all the federal income
tax liabilities with respect to such return, including tax liabilities not
attributable to income of Gart ("Non-Company Taxes").

   
In order to allocate the tax liabilities among them, TCH and its
subsidiaries, including Gart Bros., Gart's predecessor, entered into a tax
sharing agreement, dated as of September 25, 1992.
In general, the tax sharing
agreement provides that, as long as TCH is required to file consolidated
federal income tax returns that include Gart Bros., Gart Bros. will be
responsible for paying to TCH its Separate Tax Liability (as defined in the tax
sharing agreement) computed as a flat tax on its income at the highest marginal
rate applicable to corporations under the various income tax systems provided
under the Internal Revenue Code.
Similarly, TCH will be required to reimburse
Gart Bros. for the use of its tax attributes (i.e., net operating losses,
capital losses or credits) to reduce federal income tax liability on a TCH
consolidated federal income tax return.
Similar provisions apply with respect
to the filing of combined or consolidated state income or franchise tax returns
and the payment of tax.
Under the tax sharing agreement, TCH will determine the
reporting of all items on the TCH consolidated federal income tax returns and
will be responsible for all audits and controversies.
Separate Tax Liabilities
of each member will be adjusted to reflect adjustments resulting from resolved
audits or other controversies and appropriate payments or reimbursements will
be made.

   
On July 24, 1997, the Internal Revenue Service proposed adjustments to the
1992 and 1993 consolidated federal income tax returns of Gart Bros. and
Thrifty.
The proposed adjustments relate to the manner in which last-in first-
out ("LIFO") inventories were characterized on such returns.
Gart has recorded
approximately $9.7 million as a long-term net deferred tax liability for the
tax effect of the LIFO inventory basis difference.
The Internal Revenue Service
has asserted that this basis difference should be reflected in taxable income
in 1992 and 1993.
Gart has taken the position that the inventory acquired in
connection with the acquisition of Thrifty was appropriately allocated to its
inventory pools.
The Internal Revenue Service has asserted that the inventory
was acquired at a bargain purchase price and should be allocated to a separate
inventory pool and liquidated as inventory turns.

   
Based on Gart's discussions with Thrifty, Gart believes that the potential
accelerated tax liability, which could have a negative effect on liquidity in
the near term, ranges from approximately $2.5 million to $9.7 million.
The loss
from possible assessed interest charges resulting from the proposed adjustments
ranges from approximately $580,000 to $3.3 million.
Gart has accrued
approximately $1.2 million for potential interest charges in its consolidated
financial statements.
No penalties are expected to be assessed relating to this
matter.
At February 3, 2001, the LIFO inventory and other associated temporary
differences continue to be classified as long-term net deferred tax liabilities
because final settlement terms have not been negotiated.

   
Pacific Enterprises, the former parent company of Thrifty, TCH and Big 5
Corporation, entered into a tax indemnity agreement dated as of September 25,
1992, which sets forth the parties' agreements with respect to various tax
matters and provides that Pacific Enterprises will indemnify each member of the
affiliated group of which TCH is the common parent (collectively, the "Thrifty
Group") from specified liabilities and expenses imposed on, or incurred by, any
member of the Thrifty Group in respect of federal income tax for all tax
periods ending on or before September 25, 1992 and in respect of certain ERISA
liabilities.
Gart Bros. was a member of the Thrifty Group at the time the tax
indemnity agreement was entered into and continues to be subject to such
agreement.
Pursuant to the tax indemnity agreement, each member of the Thrifty
Group jointly and severally indemnified Pacific Enterprises and each member of
the Parent Group (as defined in the tax indemnity agreement) against
liabilities incurred as a result of a breach of the tax indemnity agreement by
TCH or any member of the Thrifty Group.
Gart has not received any notices of
claims under the tax indemnity agreement, and is unaware of any pending claims
thereunder.

   
In connection with Thrifty's distribution to its stockholders of Gart's
capital stock in 1994 and Thrifty's simultaneous acquisition of PayLess
Drugstores Northwest, Inc., Gart and several other former subsidiaries of
Thrifty (the "Former Subsidiaries") entered into an indemnification and
reimbursement agreement with Thrifty whereby the Former Subsidiaries have
agreed to indemnify Thrifty for any tax-related expenses arising from Thrifty's
distribution of Gart's capital stock (in excess of $15 million) or from the
operation of the businesses of the Former Subsidiaries.
The indemnification and
reimbursement agreement also provides that Thrifty will indemnify the Former
Subsidiaries for any expenses arising from the operation of Thrifty's business
on or before date of Thrifty's distribution of Gart's capital stock.
Gart has
not received any notices of claims under the indemnification and reimbursement
agreement, and is unaware of any pending claims thereunder.

   
Also in connection with Thrifty's distribution of Gart's capital stock, Gart
entered into an indemnification allocation agreement with Thrifty and Michigan
Sporting Goods Distributors, Inc., another subsidiary of Thrifty, whereby the
parties agreed to separate and allocate among themselves the economic benefits
of certain indemnification rights under the agreement pursuant to which Thrifty
was purchased from Pacific Enterprises.
Gart has not received any notices of
claims under the indemnification and reimbursement agreement, and is unaware of
any pending claim thereunder.

    
Management Services Agreement

   Gart has entered into a management services agreement with Leonard Green &
Associates, L.P., an affiliate of Leonard Green & Partners, L.P., pursuant to
which Leonard Green & Associates, L.P. receives an annual retainer fee of
$500,000 plus reasonable expenses for providing certain management, consulting
and financial planning services.
The management services agreement terminates
on April 20, 2004.
Gart believes that the contacts and expertise provided by
Leonard Green & Associates, L.P. in these areas enhance the opportunities of
Gart and the expertise of management in these matters and that the fees to be
paid to Leonard Green & Associates, L.P. fairly reflect the value of the
services to be provided by Leonard Green & Associates, L.P.

   
In addition to the annual retainer fee, the management services agreement
provides that Leonard Green & Associates, L.P. may receive reasonable and
customary fees and reasonable expenses from time to time for providing
financial advisory and investment banking services in connection with major
financial transactions that may be undertaken in the future.
If the merger is
completed, Gart will pay Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. transaction fees in the
amount of $4 million.


Property Leases

   As of March 30, 2001, seven of Gart's Sportmart stores (Niles, Lombard,
Calumet City, Schaumburg, Chicago (Lakeview), Merrillville, and North
Riverside) and the No Contest stores in Ferguson, Missouri and Crestwood,
Missouri were leased from partnerships or land trusts in which a majority of
the beneficial interests are owned through various partnerships by Larry J.
Hochberg, Andrew S. Hochberg and members of their family.
A partnership in
which members of the Hochberg family indirectly own the general partner and
hold up to a one-third interest as limited partners owns the property on which
the Chicago (River North), Illinois Sportmart store is located.

   
In fiscal 1995, Sportmart decided to discontinue the operation of its No
Contest division and to close its River North, Illinois location.

Notwithstanding the discontinuance of No Contest operations and the closing of
the River North location, Gart still is obligated on the leases for these
locations.
In connection with Gart's acquisition of Sportmart, Gart Bros.
Sporting Goods Company, which is the operating subsidiary of Gart, has
guaranteed Sportmart's obligations under these leases.
These locations
currently are being subleased to other parties.

   
The aggregate lease payments (net of utilities, insurance, taxes and other
common area costs) for the above locations paid by Gart during its 2000 fiscal
year were approximately $ 3.0 million.
Gart received sublease payments of
approximately $0.5 million with respect to these locations during its 2000
fiscal year.


Other Agreements

   Gart provides lifetime medical benefits to Larry J. Hochberg, formerly
Sportmart's chairman of the board, in accordance with a preexisting agreement
between Mr. Hochberg and Sportmart.

                        
Amendment to the 1994 Management
                              Equity Plan of Gart

General

   At Gart's annual meeting, Gart stockholders will be asked to approve an
amendment to Gart's 1994 Management Equity Plan.
The 1994 Management Equity
Plan commenced on September 30, 1994, and subsequently was amended by Gart's
board of directors on September 21, 1998 and March 16, 1999.
The amendments
were ratified by Gart's stockholders in June 1999.

   
On February 9, 2001, Gart's board of directors approved an amendment to the
1994 Management Equity Plan to increase the maximum number of shares that are
available for issuance under the plan from 1,750,000 to 2,500,000.


Voting

   This proposal will be approved if, at Gart's annual meeting, the number of
shares voted in favor of this proposal exceeds the number of shares voted
against this proposal.
Abstentions will count as votes against this proposal
because they will be counted as present at the meeting and entitled to vote on,
but not for, this proposal.
Broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast
for or against this proposal and will not affect the outcome of the vote on
this matter.

   
Each proxy received will be voted in accordance with the instructions
indicated on the proxy.
If no instructions are indicated on the proxy, then the
proxy will be voted "FOR" the amendment to Gart's 1994 Management Equity Plan.


Reasons for the Amendment to Gart's 1994 Management Equity Plan

   Gart's board of directors believes that it is necessary to increase the
number of shares of Gart common stock available for issuance under the 1994
Management Equity Plan in order to ensure that Gart can continue to use the
plan to attract and retain highly qualified officers and other employees by
providing adequate incentives through the issuance of stock options or other
equity based awards.
As of the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus,
there are no shares available for issuance under the 1994 Management Equity
Plan.
As a result, the proposed amendment increases the shares of Gart common
stock available for issuance to 2,500,000.


Summary of Gart's 1994 Management Equity Plan

   The 1994 Management Equity Plan is not subject to any of the provisions of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and is not
qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.
The principal features of the 1994 Management Equity Plan are
summarized below.
However, this summary is not intended to be a complete
discussion of all the terms of the 1994 Management Equity Plan and is qualified
in its entirety by the full text of the 1994 Management Equity Plan, a copy of
which is attached to this joint proxy statement-prospectus as Annex G.

   The 1994 Management Equity Plan commenced on September 30, 1994, and expires
on September 30, 2004, unless earlier terminated by Gart.
The purpose of Gart's
1994 Management Equity Plan is to provide long term incentives to the key
employees responsible for the continued growth and success of Gart.

    
Administration of the 1994 Management Equity Plan

   The 1994 Management Equity Plan is administered by Gart's board of
directors, or, in the discretion of the board of directors, a committee
appointed by Gart's board of directors that consists of two or more directors
of Gart (in either case, the "Committee"), except that Gart's board of
directors will administer the 1994 Management Equity Plan with respect to
awards granted to any non-employee member of the board of directors.
Pursuant
to the 1994 Management Equity Plan, the Committee has sole and final authority
to construe

and interpret the plan, to define the terms used in the plan, to prescribe,
amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the plan, to determine when
and to whom to grant awards under the plan, to determine the number of shares
to be covered by the awards, to determine the types of awards to be granted and
the vesting and other terms of such awards, with respect to Stock Options, to
determine the type of Stock Options to be granted, and to make all other
determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the 1994
Management Equity Plan.

   
All key employees of Gart and its subsidiaries, and each of the non-employee
and non-affiliate members of Gart's board of directors are eligible for
selection to participate in the 1994 Management Equity Plan.
Gart's board of
directors will, in its sole discretion, determine those directors who are non-
affiliates of Gart.
Participants are eligible to receive one or more awards
under the 1994 Management Equity Plan, as determined by the Committee.

   
The Committee, may, at any time, suspend or terminate the 1994 Management
Equity Plan and also may amend or revise the terms of the plan, except that the
Committee may not, without approval of the majority of the shares of Gart
common stock, increase the number of shares covered by the 1994 Management
Equity Plan, change the employees or class of employees eligible to participate
in the 1994 Management Equity Plan, or make any other change for which
stockholder approval is required pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code.

    
Types of Stock Options and Other Equity-Based Awards

   Under the terms of the 1994 Management Equity Plan, the Committee may award
key employees of Gart (including officers and directors who are employees of
Gart) and non-employee, non-affiliate members of Gart's board of directors:

  .  options to purchase shares of Gart common stock ("Stock Options");

  .  grants of shares of Gart common stock ("Grant Shares");

  .  
permitted purchases of shares of Gart common stock ("Purchased Shares");
     or

  .  
a combination of the foregoing as determined by the Committee.


However, no participant will be entitled to be granted more than 250,000 Stock
Options in any year.

   
Two types of Stock Options may be granted under the 1994 Management Equity
Plan:

  .  
Stock Options intended to qualify as "incentive stock options" under
     Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code ("ISOs"); and

  .  
""nonstatutory stock options" ("NSOs"), which are Stock Options not
     qualified for favorable federal income tax treatment.

   
The Committee has the authority to determine whether Stock Options will be
intended as ISOs or NSOs.
ISOs only may be granted to Gart employees, and no
more than an aggregate of 600,000 shares of Gart common stock may be issuable
upon the exercise of outstanding ISOs at any time.

    
Shares Subject to the 1994 Management Equity Plan

   The shares allocated for issuance under the 1994 Management Equity Plan are
1,750,000 shares of Gart common stock.
As of March 30, 2001, no shares remain
available for issuance under the 1994 Management Equity Plan.
Under the 1994
Management Equity Plan, as amended by the amendment being proposed, the total
number of shares authorized for issuance under the plan would be increased from
1,750,000 to 2,500,000.
Shares of Gart common stock issued pursuant to the 1994
Management Equity Plan that subsequently are reacquired by Gart will be
available for reissuance under the 1994 Management Equity Plan.
Shares of Gart

common stock that are subject to Stock Options or other equity based awards
that lapse or terminate without exercise also will be available to be subject
to new Stock Options or other equity based awards under the 1994 Management
Equity Plan.
The 1994 Management Equity Plan provides that if the outstanding
shares of Gart Common Stock are increased, decreased or changed into or
exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or securities of Gart
through a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend,
stock split or other similar transaction, an appropriate and proportionate
adjustment will be made in the maximum number and kind of shares that may be
awarded under the plan.
Such adjustments will be made by the Committee, whose
determination as to the adjustments will be final.

   
As of March 30, 2001, Gart's chief executive officer and the four other
named executives in Gart's "Summary Compensation Table" have received a total
of 599,000 Stock Options, 343,208 awards of restricted shares and 47,000
Purchased Shares, as follows:

                                      Options Restricted Shares Purchased Shares
                                      -------
----------------- ----------------

John Douglas Morton.................. 335,000      182,000           32,000
Thomas T. Hendrickson................ 105,000       84,208              --
Greg Waters..........................  78,000       35,000              --
Arthur S. Hagan......................  61,000       27,000           15,000
Michael McCaghren....................  20,000       15,000              --
                                      -------      -------           
------
Total................................ 599,000      343,208           47,000

Directors who are not executive officers of Gart and who are standing for re-
election at Gart's annual meeting have received a total of 20,000 Stock Options
and 16,200 awards of restricted shares.
As of March 30, 2001, current employees
who are not executive officers of Gart have received a total of 396,750 Stock
Options, 81,000 awards of restricted shares and 18,300 Purchased Shares.

    
Stock Option Price and Exercisability; Duration of Stock Options and Other
Equity Based Awards

   The exercise price for the shares of Gart common stock covered by each Stock
Option will be determined by the Committee.
However, the purchase price for
Stock Options intended as ISOs may not be less than 100% of the fair market
value of the shares on the date of grant, or, if an ISO is granted to a Gart
stockholder owning more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock of Gart, the purchase price may not be less than 110% of the
fair market value of the shares of Gart common stock, determined on the date of
grant.
The aggregate fair market value of shares of Gart common stock,
determined on the date of grant, that are exercisable for the first time by a
participant during any calendar year must not exceed $100,000.
Any ISOs granted
in excess of this limitation will be NSOs.
Each Stock Option granted will be
exercisable over a period of time as determined by the Committee.

   
Stock Options and other equity based awards will expire on the date set by
the Committee, except that in the case of ISOs, no Stock Option will have a
term exceeding 10 years from the date such Stock Option is granted, or five
years from the date such Stock Option is granted in the case of grants to Gart
stockholders owning more than 10% of Gart's combined voting power.

    
Termination of Employment; Death or Disability

   
In order for Stock Options to be entitled to ISO treatment under the
Internal Revenue Code, ISOs may not be exercised more than three months after a
participant's termination of employment with Gart or one of its subsidiaries,
unless the termination was a result of death or disability, in which case the
exercise period is extended to one year.
Stock Options only may be transferred
by will or the laws of descent.
In addition, a participant who is a party to a
severance agreement will have one year in which to exercise the participant's
Stock Options following termination or resignation for "good reason" after a
change in control transaction occurs.
See "Compensation of Executive Officers
of Gart--Compensation and Severance Agreements and Plans" for a description of
such severance agreements.
During such period, any vested unexercised portion
of the Stock Option may be exercised by the person to whom the optionee's
rights under the Stock Option will pass by will or the laws of descent and
distribution.

   
Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following discussion is intended to be a general summary of the federal
income tax consequences of Stock Options and other equity based awards granted
under the 1994 Management Equity Plan.
Tax consequences may vary depending on
each individual participant's circumstances.
In addition, administrative and
judicial interpretations of the application of the federal income tax laws are
subject to change.
Furthermore, no information is given with respect to state
or local taxes that may be applicable.
Participants in the 1994 Management
Equity Plan who are residents of, or are employed in, a country other than the
United States may be subject to taxation in accordance with the tax laws of
that particular country in addition to, or in lieu of, United States federal
income taxes.
Participants should consult their own tax advisor prior to
participating in the 1994 Management Equity Plan and prior to exercising any
awards under the plan or disposing of any shares acquired upon exercise of
awards under the plan.

   
Non-Qualified Stock Options.
The grant of an NSO will result in no tax
consequences to an optionee or to Gart.
Generally, an optionee will recognize
ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of
the shares of stock at the time of exercise over the NSO exercise price.
The
optionee's basis in the shares of stock will be equal to the exercise price
paid by the optionee plus the amount of ordinary income recognized upon the
exercise of the NSO.
Upon any subsequent disposition of the stock, an optionee
generally will recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between
the sale proceeds and the optionee's basis in the stock.
The applicable capital
gain tax rate will depend on the length of the optionee's holding period.
Gart
will be allowed to take a deduction for federal income tax purposes in an
amount equal to the ordinary income recognized by the optionee upon the
exercise of an NSO.

   Incentive Stock Options.
The federal income tax consequences of ISOs
generally are more favorable to the optionee than those associated with NSOs,
provided that certain holding period requirements are met.
The grant of an ISO
will result in no tax consequences to the optionee or to Gart.
Similarly, at
the time an ISO is exercised, an optionee generally will have no taxable income
for regular tax purposes.
The excess of the market value on the exercise date
over the option price is an adjustment to regular taxable income in determining
alternative minimum taxable income.
This adjustment could cause the participant
to be subject to the alternative minimum tax, thereby in effect depriving the
participant of the tax benefits of ISO treatment.
However, if an optionee
disposes of the option shares in the same year as the exercise of the option,
the maximum amount that will be included as alternative minimum taxable income
will be the excess, if any, of the amount realized for the shares over the
exercise price.
An optionee's basis in the stock received upon exercise is the
exercise price of the ISO.
When the optionee sells or otherwise disposes of
stock acquired upon exercise of an ISO, the federal income tax consequences
will depend on how long the optionee has held the stock.
Generally, if the
optionee does not dispose of the stock prior to a date that is: (1) two years
from the date the ISO is granted and (2) one year from the date the ISO is
exercised, the optionee will recognize a capital gain (or loss) equal to the
amount by which the sale proceeds exceed (or are less than) the optionee's
basis in the stock.
The applicable capital gain tax rate will depend on the
length of the optionee's holding period measured from the date the ISO was
exercised.

   
If the optionee sells or otherwise disposes of the stock prior to the date
that is: (1) two years from the date the ISO is granted or (2) one year from
the date the ISO is exercised, the optionee generally will recognize ordinary
income in the year of disposition equal to the lesser of (1) the excess of the
fair market value of the stock on the date of the exercise of the ISO over the
exercise price or (2) the excess of the proceeds of the sale of the stock over
the exercise price.
Any additional gain (or loss) will be a capital gain (or
loss).
The applicable capital gain tax rate will depend on the length of the
optionee's holding period measured from the date the ISO was exercised.

   
Other Equity Based Awards.
If Gart makes an award of Grant Shares to a
participant, and the shares are not subject to forfeiture restrictions, the
participant will recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the fair
market value of the Grant Shares at the time of the award, and Gart will be
entitled to a deduction in the same amount.
A

participant normally will not recognize taxable income upon an award of Grant
Shares that are subject to forfeiture restrictions ("Restricted Shares"), and
Gart will not be entitled to a deduction until the lapse of the applicable
restrictions.
Upon the lapse of the restrictions, the participant will
recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the fair market value, at the
time of such lapse, of the stock as to which the restrictions have lapsed, and
Gart will be entitled to a deduction in the same amount.
Any gain or loss
subsequently recognized by the participant will be a capital gain or loss.

   
If Gart makes an award of Purchased Shares to a participant, and the shares
are not subject to forfeiture restrictions, the participant will recognize
ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of
the Purchased Shares at the time of the award over the purchase price of the
Purchased Shares, and Gart will be entitled to a deduction in the same amount.

A participant normally will not recognize ordinary income upon an award of
Purchased Shares that are subject to forfeiture restrictions, and Gart will not
be entitled to a deduction until the lapse of the applicable restrictions.
Upon
the lapse of the restrictions, the participant will recognize ordinary income
in an amount equal to the fair market value, at the time of such lapse, over
the purchase price of the Purchased Shares.
Any gain or loss subsequently
recognized by the participant will be a capital gain or loss.

    
Election Under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.
A participant
may elect, under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, to recognize
ordinary income in the year Grant Shares or Purchased Shares subject to
forfeiture restrictions are awarded, in an amount equal to the fair market
value of the shares at that time, determined without regard to the
restrictions.
Similarly, a participant may make a Section 83(b) election, no
later than 30 days from the date of exercise, of a non-vested NSO to recognize
ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of
the shares subject to the NSO on the date of exercise over the exercise price.

If a participant makes an 83(b) election, Gart will be entitled to a deduction
in the amount of the ordinary income recognized by the participant on the date
of exercise.
Any gain or loss subsequently recognized by the participant will
be a capital gain or loss.

   
If any Purchased Shares are forfeited (i.e., repurchased by Gart), the
participant will be allowed to deduct-- as an ordinary deduction if no Section
83(b) election was made or as a capital loss if such an election was made -- an
amount equal to the difference, if any, between the purchase price paid for the
Purchased Shares and the amount received as a result of the forfeiture.
If a
participant makes the Section 83(b) election and the Purchased Shares or Grant
Shares are later forfeited (i.e., repurchased by Gart), the participant will be
denied a deduction for the amount of any income recognized as a result of the
Section 83(b) election.

     $1,000,000 Limit on Deductible Compensation.
Section 162(m) of the
Internal Revenue Code provides that any publicly traded corporation will be
denied a deduction for compensation paid to certain executive officers to the
extent that the compensation exceeds $1,000,000 per officer, per year.
However,
the deduction limit does not apply to "performance-based compensation," as
defined in Section 162(m).
Compensation is performance-based compensation if:

  .  
the compensation is payable on account of the attainment of one or more
     performance goals;

  .  
the performance goals are established by a compensation committee of
     Gart's board of directors consisting solely of two or more "outside
     directors;"

  .  
the material terms of the compensation and the performance goals are
     disclosed and approved by a majority vote of Gart's stockholders, in a
     separate vote, before the issuance of stock options; and

  .  
the compensation committee certifies that the performance goals have
     been satisfied.

   
Gart believes that, if Gart's stockholders approve the amendment to the 1994
Management Equity Plan, the Stock Options granted under the 1994 Management
Equity Plan will satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m).
Accordingly, the
Stock Options will be treated as performance-based compensation, and will not
be subject to the deduction limit of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue
Code.
Purchased Shares and Grant Shares will generally not be performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m).

    
Excess Parachute Payments.
Under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code,
certain Gart officers, stockholders, and highly compensated individuals
("Disqualified Individuals") will be subject to an excise tax (in addition to
federal income taxes) of 20% of the amount of certain "excess parachute
payments" that they receive as a result of a change in control of Gart.

Furthermore, Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code prevents Gart from
taking a deduction for any "excess parachute payments."
The acceleration of the
vesting of stock options for certain Gart executives who have entered into a
change of control severance agreement with Gart may cause the holders of such
stock options who are Disqualified Individuals to recognize certain amounts as
"excess parachute payments" on which they must pay the 20% excise tax, and for
which Gart will be denied a tax deduction.

   
Gart's board of directors recommends that Gart stockholders vote "FOR" the
amendment to Gart's 1994 Management Equity Plan.

         
Ratification of the Appointment of Gart's Independent Auditors

General

   At Gart's annual meeting, Gart stockholders will be asked to ratify the
selection by Gart's board of directors of Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent
auditors, to audit the consolidated financial statements of Gart for the fiscal
year ending February 2, 2002.
Stockholder ratification of the selection of
Deloitte & Touche LLP as Gart's independent auditors is not required by Gart's
amended and restated bylaws or otherwise.
However, Gart's board of directors is
submitting the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP to the stockholders for
ratification as a matter of good corporate practice.
In the event of a negative
vote on such ratification, Gart's board of directors will reconsider its
selection.
Even if the selection is ratified, Gart's board of directors, in its
discretion, may direct the appointment of different independent auditors at any
time during the 2001 fiscal year if it determines that such change would be in
the best interests of Gart and its stockholders.

   
Deloitte & Touche LLP audited Gart's consolidated financial statements for
the fiscal year ended February 3, 2001.
Representatives of Deloitte & Touche
LLP are expected to be present at Gart's annual meeting with the opportunity to
make a statement if they desire to do so and are expected to be available to
respond to appropriate questions by Gart's stockholders.


Voting

   This proposal will be approved if, at Gart's annual meeting, the number of
shares voted in favor of this proposal exceeds the number of shares voted
against this proposal.
Abstentions will count as votes against this proposal
because they will be counted as present at the meeting and entitled to vote on,
but not for, this proposal.
Broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast
for or against this proposal and will not affect the outcome of the vote on
this matter.

   
Each proxy received will be voted in accordance with the instructions
indicated on the proxy.
If no instructions are indicated on the proxy, then the
proxy will be voted "FOR" the ratification of the selection of Deloitte &
Touche LLP as Gart's independent auditors for the fiscal year ending February
2, 2002.

   
Gart's board of directors recommends that Gart stockholders vote "FOR" the
ratification of the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Gart's independent
auditors for the fiscal year ending February 2, 2002.

                 
Submission of Proposals by Gart's Stockholders

   In order to be eligible for inclusion in Gart's proxy statement and proxy
card for the next annual meeting of Gart stockholders pursuant to Rule 14a-8
under the Exchange Act, stockholder proposals must be received by the secretary
of Gart at its principal executive offices no later than    , 2002.
However, in
order for such stockholder proposals to be eligible to be brought before the
Gart stockholders at the next annual meeting of Gart stockholders, the Gart
stockholder submitting the proposals also must comply with the procedures,
including the deadlines, required by Gart's amended and restated bylaws.

Stockholder nominations of directors are not stockholder proposals within the
meaning of Rule 14a-8 and are not eligible for inclusion in Gart's proxy
statement.

       
Other Matters Presented at the Annual Meeting of Gart Stockholders

   Gart does not know of any other business to be presented at the annual
meeting of Gart stockholders and does not intend to bring any other matters
before the annual meeting.
However, if any other matters properly come before
the annual meeting, the persons named in the accompanying proxy are empowered,
in the absence of instructions to the contrary, to vote according to their best
judgment.

     
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF GART

   The shares of Gart common stock constitute the only outstanding class of
voting securities of Gart.
As of March 30, 2001, there were 7,366,150 shares of
Gart common stock outstanding and entitled to vote and 209 stockholders of
record.

   