URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1058299/000092701601001767/0000927016-01-001767.txt

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   On September 26, 2000, the board of directors of Data Dimensions retained
Updata Capital, an investment banking firm, to act as its financial advisor in
connection with evaluating strategic alternatives, including, but not limited
to, a sale or merger of Data Dimensions, a sale of one or more of its then
three business units, or a recapitalization of Data Dimensions and assisting
Data Dimensions management in the consummation of strategic alternatives
approved by its board of directors.

   
At a meeting of the Data Dimensions board of directors on October 16, 2000,
after performing due diligence regarding Data Dimensions, Updata Capital
provided the Data Dimensions board of directors with a preliminary assessment
of various strategic alternatives available to Data Dimensions, including
actions to improve Data Dimensions' financial position and operations, possible
sales of business units and the sale of the entire company.
Updata Capital also
provided the Data Dimensions board of directors with information about
financial market conditions, valuations in the information technology services
sector and a plan for evaluating the feasibility and merits of potential
transactions related to divestitures, acquisitions and a recapitalization.
At
this meeting, the Data Dimensions board authorized Updata Capital to contact
parties potentially interested in considering transactions involving Data
Dimensions' business units.

   
From mid October to early November, Updata Capital, with assistance from
Data Dimensions, management, prepared memoranda describing each business unit
and developed a list of potential acquirers of each business unit and Data
Dimensions as a whole.
Shortly thereafter, Updata Capital began contacting
potentially interested parties.
Lionbridge was among the entities contacted by
Updata Capital.

   
Lionbridge regularly reviews private and public companies which it may
acquire to further its objectives in the globalization services market.
On
November 16, 2000, Don More, Senior Vice President of Updata Capital, called
Stephen J. Lifshatz, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of Lionbridge, to inform him that he represented a company that was
potentially looking for a strategic buyer for one or more of its business
units.
Mr. Lifshatz indicated Lionbridge's interest in learning more about the
company represented by Updata Capital, and Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
executed a confidentiality agreement on November 17, 2000 in order to receive
from Updata Capital a confidential offering memorandum relating to Data
Dimensions.

   
Upon receipt of the confidential offering memorandum on November 21, 2000,
Mr. Lifshatz, along with Rory J. Cowan, the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Lionbridge, commenced internal company discussions regarding the
possibility of a strategic combination with Data Dimensions and the various
structures of a combination.
In addition, Lionbridge commenced initial,
internal due diligence activities through an analysis of publicly available
materials.

   
On November 29, 2001, Updata Capital arranged an introductory telephone
conference for executives of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge to describe the
business and operations of each company.
Mr. Cowan, Peter A. Allen, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Data Dimensions, Laurence C. Leslie, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Data Dimensions, and Jim
McLendon, Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Development of Data
Dimensions, participated in this telephone conference.

   
On December 7, 2000, Mr. Lifshatz had a telephone conversation with Mr. More
to request additional information about Data Dimensions in order for Lionbridge
to submit an indication of interest.
In addition, during the first two weeks of
December 2000, Mr. Cowan and Mr. Allen had additional telephone conversations
regarding the possibility of a strategic combination of the companies.

   
On December 12, 2000, at a regular meeting of the board of directors of Data
Dimensions, Updata Capital reviewed Data Dimensions' strategic alternatives and
updated market valuation data, and discussed the status of its canvassing
effort.
At this meeting, Data Dimensions' board of directors, together with
senior management of

Data Dimensions, Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert & Barer, Data Dimensions'
outside legal counsel, held an extensive discussion regarding the relative
merits and risks of a sale of Data Dimensions' business units and/or a sale of
the entire company.
Garvey, Schubert & Barer outlined the directors' legal
duties and responsibilities in connection with considering these transactions.

The board of directors authorized Updata Capital to continue its efforts and
reviewed a timetable for Updata Capital to solicit indications of interest from
parties interested in such a transaction.

   
On January 8, 2001, Mr. Cowan and Roger Jeanty, Lionbridge's President, met
with Messrs. Allen, McLendon, and Leslie, at Data Dimensions' headquarters in
Bellevue, Washington.
At this meeting, the parties discussed various aspects of
Data Dimensions' business, including its financial condition and business
prospects, its technological capabilities, and an assessment of Data
Dimensions' personnel.
The parties also discussed the potential synergies of a
strategic combination of the companies.

   
Following the January 8 meeting, the parties continued telephone
conversations and, at the request of Lionbridge, Data Dimensions sent
additional due diligence materials to Lionbridge.
During the weeks beginning
January 8 and January 15, 2001, Lionbridge received additional information from
Data Dimensions.

   
On January 16, 2001, Mr. Lifshatz had a telephone conference with Messrs.
Allen, McLendon and Leslie, during which the Data Dimensions executives
presented a detailed overview of the Data Dimensions business.
On January 25,
2001, Mr. Lifshatz and Boris Zverev, Lionbridge's Manager of Financial Planning
and Analysis, had a subsequent telephone conference with Messrs. Allen,
McLendon and Leslie during which Data Dimensions' financial projections for the
first quarter of 2001 and fiscal year 2001 were discussed.

   
On January 30, 2001, Mr. Cowan sent Mr. Allen a letter outlining some of the
benefits and synergies that could result from a combination of the two
companies.
Following up on this letter, on January 31, 2001, Lionbridge
provided Data Dimensions and Updata Capital with a formal indication of
interest in a merger with Data Dimensions.

   
On the evening of January 31, 2001, during a dinner meeting in Boston,
Massachusetts, Mr. Cowan informed the board of directors of Lionbridge's
discussions with Data Dimensions and the potential of a strategic combination.

   
On February 1, 2001, the Lionbridge board of directors met in a regularly
scheduled meeting during which Messrs. Cowan and Lifshatz discussed the results
of their due diligence investigations of Data Dimensions, and various methods
by which Lionbridge might effect a strategic combination with Data Dimensions.

The board of directors authorized its executive officers to proceed with
negotiations with Data Dimensions subject to its review of the proposed
definitive terms of a strategic combination with Data Dimensions.

   
On February 1, 2001, the Data Dimensions board of directors held a special
meeting at which Updata Capital and Data Dimensions' management reported on
indications of interest from various parties, including Lionbridge.
In
addition, the board, Updata Capital and Data Dimensions' management reviewed
the status of discussions with other parties and alternatives to a sale, as
well as the timing, risk and other issues associated with each alternative
available to Data Dimensions.
Updata Capital provided the board of directors
with information about the business and management of Lionbridge.
Mr. Allen
reviewed his meeting of January 8 with Mr. Cowan and Mr. Jeanty.
After
discussion, the board of directors of Data Dimensions requested Updata Capital
to continue negotiations with Lionbridge to improve the terms of Lionbridge's
indication of interest while also maintaining communications with the other
interested parties.

   
On February 5, 2001, Mr. Lifshatz, together with Cindy Rinchich,
Lionbridge's Controller of VeriTest operations, had a telephone conversation
with Mr. Leslie to further discuss Data Dimensions' financial information.
On
February 6, 2001, Data Dimensions provided Lionbridge with data regarding its
significant stockholders as well as a detailed budget for Data Dimensions.

   
During the weeks of February 5 and February 12, 2001, Lionbridge, Data
Dimensions and Updata Capital had numerous discussions with respect to the
principal terms that an acquisition could take.

   
On February 9, 2001, the board of directors of Data Dimensions held a
special meeting to review the status of discussions with Lionbridge and to
consider the status of the other indications of interest and strategic
alternatives available to Data Dimensions.
Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert
& Barer reviewed changes to Lionbridge's proposal from the prior meeting.

Management and Updata Capital provided background information on the parties'
discussions and outlined the benefits and risks of a proposed merger with
Lionbridge.
Updata Capital provided the board of directors with information
concerning the business, management and financial condition of Lionbridge.

Representatives of Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert & Barer reviewed and
discussed with the Data Dimensions board of directors the material items
included in the revised proposal presented by Lionbridge.
In particular, the
Data Dimensions board of directors reviewed the proposed termination fee,
agreement not to entertain alternative proposals and the fixed exchange ratio.

Management and Updata Capital also reviewed the status of the other indications
of interest and strategic alternatives available to Data Dimensions.
After a
discussion of the terms proposed by Lionbridge, the Data Dimensions board of
directors authorized management of Data Dimensions and Updata Capital to
continue discussions with Lionbridge and to conduct due diligence to determine
the merits and terms of an agreement and plan of reorganization.

   
On February 20, 2001, Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP, outside legal counsel
to Lionbridge, delivered a draft agreement and plan of reorganization to Data
Dimensions and its financial and legal advisors.
On February 22, 2001, Testa,
Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP delivered a draft of the voting agreement and the
stock option agreement to Data Dimensions and its financial and legal advisors.

   
Between February 20 and February 23, 2001, a due diligence team from
Lionbridge met with Data Dimensions management for due diligence discussions at
the offices of Garvey, Schubert & Barer in Seattle, Washington.
At these
meetings, the companies discussed, among other things, the companies'
accounting and other policies, operational issues associated with a potential
business combination and opportunities for the combined entity.
In addition,
Mr. Cowan met with Mr. Allen to discuss the business of each entity and the
strategic benefits of a combination in more detail.
Mr. Allen and Updata
Capital also met with Larry Martin, the owner of approximately 14.65% of Data
Dimensions' outstanding stock, to describe the potential combination between
the two companies.
Mr. Martin executed a nondisclosure agreement governing
these discussions.

   
From February 20 through March 8, 2001, Lionbridge and Data Dimensions and
the respective financial and legal advisors for Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
continued their respective business, legal, accounting and financial due
diligence and negotiated the terms of the agreement and the plan of
reorganization and related documents.
Mr. Leslie met with Mr. Lifshatz and
James Bampos, Lionbridge's Senior Vice President, Worldwide Testing Services
and General Manager of VeriTest, at Lionbridge's headquarters in Waltham,
Massachusetts on March 3, 2001 to review Lionbridge's financial condition,
business and prospects, and visited a Lionbridge facility at that time.
Also,
as part of Data Dimensions' due diligence, on February 26 and 27, 2001,
representatives of Updata Capital met with Mr. Cowan, Mr. Lifshatz and Mr.
Bampos at Lionbridge's headquarters.

   
On March 7, 2001, at a special meeting of the board of directors of Data
Dimensions, the management of Data Dimensions reported on the business terms of
the proposed merger, the results of due diligence and business integration
issues.
Garvey, Schubert & Barer reviewed the material terms of the proposed
transaction, the agreement and plan of reorganization and related agreements
and further advised the board of directors of its fiduciary duties.
In
particular, the Data Dimensions board of directors reviewed the proposed
termination fee, agreement not to entertain alternative transactions and
termination rights, as well as other terms.
Representatives of Updata Capital
made a presentation to the Data Dimensions board of directors regarding its due
diligence review of Lionbridge, the financial analyses Updata Capital and Data
Dimensions management had performed regarding Data Dimensions, Lionbridge and
the merger, and various considerations relating

to the merger.
Updata Capital rendered an oral opinion, subsequently confirmed
by delivery to the Data Dimensions board of directors of a written opinion
dated March 8, 2001, that, as of that date, the conversion ratio provided in
the agreement and plan of reorganization was fair to Data Dimensions
stockholders from a financial point of view.
The members of Data Dimensions'
board of directors present at the special meeting unanimously approved the
final terms of the merger.
One member of the Data Dimensions board of directors
was unable to attend due to a family emergency, but all other directors were in
attendance.
In light of the prior discussions and meetings of the board of
directors and the presentations and the discussions at the current meeting, the
board of directors determined that the transactions contemplated by the
agreement and plan of reorganization and related documents were in the best
interests of Data Dimensions and its stockholders, approved the merger and the
agreement and plan of reorganization and related agreements and determined to
recommend that Data Dimensions' stockholders vote to approve the proposed
transaction.

   
On March 8, 2001, at a special meeting of the Lionbridge board of directors,
Lionbridge management reported on the status of the merger discussions with
Data Dimensions, and the Lionbridge board of directors discussed various issues
relating to the proposed business combination.
The board of directors
considered and voted upon the proposed agreement and plan of reorganization and
related transactions.
At that meeting, Mr. Cowan presented an overview of the
transaction and Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP made a presentation regarding
the significant terms of the proposed merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization.
Following these presentations and further discussion, the
Lionbridge board of directors approved the execution of the agreement and plan
of reorganization and related agreements.

   
The final agreement was signed after the Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
board of directors meetings and a joint press release announcing the proposed
acquisition was issued on March 8, 2001.


Lionbridge's Reasons for the Merger

   The Lionbridge board of directors believes that the combined company will
have potential for greater market share and growth in the outsourced testing
services industry than either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions would have on its
own.
The Lionbridge board of directors identified a number of potential
benefits to the merger which it believes could contribute to the success of the
combined company and thus benefit Lionbridge stockholders, including the
following:

  .  
The merger will enhance the opportunity for Lionbridge to realize its
     strategic objectives of expanding its market share and increasing its
     ability to compete effectively as a provider of comprehensive outsourced
     testing services to the global technology industry;

  .  
Through the merger, Lionbridge will acquire or enhance its ability to
     provide software testing, quality assurance consulting services, on-site
     training for test planning, and application development and maintenance
     services, and thus provide a broader range and expanded scope of testing
     and service offerings to its customers;

  .  
The combination of Lionbridge's globalization services with Data
     Dimensions' testing, consulting, and applications maintenance services
     will enable Lionbridge to provide an integrated and comprehensive
     testing, certification and globalization solution for its customers;

  .  
Acquiring Data Dimensions will allow Lionbridge to increase its testing
     labs from five to a total of 10, with six labs in the United States and
     four labs outside of the United States, and thereby increase its ability
     to rapidly and efficiently meet the needs of its global customers; and

  .  
The combined businesses will bring Lionbridge additional geographic
     coverage, management depth, technical and project management resources
     to Lionbridge to address larger and more varied client projects, and
     economies of scale.

  .  
The combined businesses will enhance Lionbridge's technical testing
     staff by adding additional personnel with testing expertise and
     experience.

   
Lionbridge's board of directors also considered the following when assessing
the transaction:

  .  
Historical information concerning the business operations, positions and
     results of operations, technology and management style, competitive
     position, industry trends and prospects of Data Dimensions and
     Lionbridge;

  .  
Information contained in SEC filings by Data Dimensions;

  .  
Current and historical market prices, volatility and trading data from
     the two companies;

  .  
Information and advice based on due diligence investigations by members
     of management and Lionbridge's legal, financial and accounting advisors
     concerning the business, business trends, technology, services,
     operations, properties, assets, financial condition, operating results
     and prospects of Data Dimensions, and the expertise and capabilities of
     Data Dimensions' management team; and

  .  
Data on companies comparable to Data Dimensions and other financial
     analyses.

   
Except as outlined above, Lionbridge's board of directors did not find it
practicable to quantify, analyze or assign relative weights to each individual
factor to reach its determination.
Individual members of Lionbridge's board of
directors may have assigned different relative weights or conclusions to each
factor affecting the board's determination.


Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Data Dimensions; Data Dimensions'
Reasons for the Merger

   DATA DIMENSIONS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED THE MERGER AND THE
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY
AND BELIEVES THE TERMS OF THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF,
DATA DIMENSIONS AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF DATA DIMENSIONS
RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AND THE AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION.

   
Data Dimensions' board of directors believes that the merger with Lionbridge
will create a combined company with greater financial resources and business
opportunities than Data Dimensions would likely be able to achieve alone.
Data
Dimensions' board of directors has considered several alternative means to
enhance stockholder value, including other potential business combinations, the
restructuring and/or sale of individual business units, as well as the sale of
the entire company.
After consultation with Updata Capital, Data Dimensions'
financial advisor, and executive management of Data Dimensions, Data
Dimensions' board of directors concluded that the terms of the agreement and
plan of reorganization were fair to, and in the best interests of, Data
Dimensions and its stockholders.

   
Data Dimensions' board of directors reviewed with its financial and legal
advisors the following additional material factors in reaching its conclusion:

  .  
The merger affords the new combined company the opportunity to create
     one of the largest application testing services businesses and enables
     it to offer its customers a broader array of products and services from
     more locations;

  .  
The merger has the potential to create a company with greater critical
     mass that is better positioned to compete for business opportunities and
     participate in industry growth;

  .  
The potential cost synergies offered by the merger through consolidation
     and integration of certain operations and functions;

  .  
The merger may provide Data Dimensions' stockholders with an opportunity
     to receive a premium over the market price for their Data Dimensions
     common stock immediately prior to the merger.
However, this premium is
     subject to fluctuations in the price of Lionbridge common stock.
For
     more information, see "Comparative Stock Prices and Dividend Policy" on
     page 23;

  .  
The expectation that the merger will qualify as a tax-free
     reorganization under federal tax law;

  .  
The presentation by Updata Capital to Data Dimensions' board of
     directors, as well as Updata Capital's fairness opinion dated March 8,
     2001, stating that, as of that date, the conversion ratio is fair to
     Data Dimensions stockholders;

  .  
Increased liquidity for Data Dimensions stockholders through continued
     listing of Lionbridge common stock on the Nasdaq National Market; and

  .  
The merger will provide Data Dimensions stockholders with the
     opportunity to share in the combined company's long-term growth.

   
In addition to the factors set forth above, Data Dimensions' board of
directors reviewed and considered a wide range of information relevant to the
merger, including:

  .  
Information concerning Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's respective
     businesses, historical financial performance and condition, operations,
     technology, products, customers, competitive positions, prospects and
     management;

  .  
Reports from management and financial advisors as to the results of
     their due diligence investigation of Lionbridge;

  .  
Estimates of future financial results of the two companies illustrating
     the potential financial results of the combined company;

  .  
The view of Data Dimensions' management and board as to the long-term
     opportunities and prospects of Data Dimensions as an independent entity
     and of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge as a combined company; and

  .  
The belief that the terms of the agreement and plan of reorganization,
     including the parties' representations, warranties and covenants, and
     the conditions to their respective obligations, are reasonable.

   Data Dimensions' board of directors also considered the following
potentially negative factors:

  .  
The risk of establishing a fixed conversion ratio;

  .  
The loss of control over Data Dimensions' future operations following
     the merger;

  .  
Under the terms of the agreement and plan of reorganization, Data
     Dimensions cannot solicit other proposals regarding business
     combinations and must pay a termination fee of $600,000 under certain
     circumstances and be subject to dilution relating to the stock option
     granted to Lionbridge.
For more information, see "The Agreement and Plan
     of Reorganization--Termination; Fees and Expenses" and "The Stock Option
     Agreement" on pages 50 and 52, respectively, of this proxy
     statement/prospectus;

  .  
Both companies have had negative earnings per share and negative cash
     flow, and the combined company would have significant liquidity
     requirements.
For more information, see "Description of Lionbridge--
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
     of Operations" on page 61 of this proxy statement/prospectus;

  .  
The risk that the combined company might not realize the anticipated
     cost savings and revenue synergies; and

  .  
The other risks described under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of
     this proxy statement/prospectus.

   
In light of the extensive variety of factors, both positive and negative,
considered by Data Dimensions' board of directors, the board did not find it
practical to quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific
factors considered in making its determination.
However, after taking into
account all of the factors set forth above, Data Dimensions' board of directors
agreed that the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of, Data
Dimensions and its stockholders.


Opinion of Data Dimensions' Financial Advisor

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated September 25, 2000, Data Dimensions
engaged Updata Capital to act as its financial advisor in connection with
evaluating strategic alternatives, including but not limited to a sale or
merger of Data Dimensions, a sale of one or more of its then three business
units, or a recapitalization of Data Dimensions, and assisting Data Dimensions
senior management in the consummation of strategic alternatives approved by the
Data Dimensions board of directors.
Updata Capital, as part of its investment
banking services, is regularly engaged in the valuation of information
technology companies and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions and other strategic transactions.
Data Dimensions' board of
directors selected Updata Capital based on its qualifications, expertise and
experience with regard to the information technology industry.

   
On March 7, 2001, Updata Capital rendered its oral opinion, confirmed by
delivery of a written opinion dated March 8, 2001 to the Data Dimensions board
of directors that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the
assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in such opinion, the
conversion ratio to be used to determine the number of shares of Lionbridge
common stock to be received by the Data Dimensions stockholders in the merger
is fair to the Data Dimensions stockholders from a financial point of view.
The
full text of the written opinion of Updata Capital addressed to the board of
directors is attached as Annex D to the proxy statement/prospectus and should
be read carefully and in its entirety by Data Dimensions stockholders.

   
In rendering its opinion, Updata Capital, among other things:

  .  reviewed advanced drafts of the agreement and plan of reorganization,
     the voting agreements and the stock option agreement, and based its
     opinion on the understanding that the terms and conditions of these
     agreements would not materially change;

  .  
reviewed Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's respective historical and
     projected financial statements and operating information;

  .  
participated in discussions with selected senior management of Data
     Dimensions and Lionbridge concerning the operations, business strategy,
     financial performance and prospects of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge;

  .  
reviewed recent reported closing prices and trading activity for Data
     Dimensions and Lionbridge common stock;

  .  
compared certain aspects of the financial and market performance of Data
     Dimensions and Lionbridge with public companies deemed comparable in
     whole or in part;

  .  
analyzed available information, both public and private, concerning
     other mergers and acquisitions comparable in whole or in part to the
     merger;

  .  
reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
     information of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge, and Data Dimensions'
     unaudited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31,
     2000;

  .  
assessed, based on discussions with Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's
     senior management, the strategic rationale for the merger;

  .  
participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
     Data Dimensions and Lionbridge and their legal advisors; and

  .  
conducted other financial studies, analyses and investigations as Updata
     Capital deemed appropriate for purposes of the opinion.

   
Updata Capital relied, without independent verification, on the accuracy and
completeness of all the financial and other information, including without
limitation the representations and warranties contained in the

agreement and plan of reorganization, that was publicly available or furnished
to it by Data Dimensions or Lionbridge.
With respect to financial projections,
Updata Capital assumed that they were reasonably prepared and reflected the
best available estimates and good faith judgments of company management as to
the future performance of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge.
Analyses based upon
projections of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future
results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by
these analyses.
Because these analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty,
being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties
or their respective advisors, none of Data Dimensions, Updata Capital or any
other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different
from those projected.
Updata Capital has neither made nor obtained an
independent appraisal or valuation of any of Data Dimensions' assets.

   
The opinion provided by Updata Capital speaks only as of March 8, 2001 and
does not constitute a recommendation to any of Data Dimensions' stockholders,
nor should it relied upon as such, as to how such stockholder should vote on
the merger.
In its opinion, Updata Capital assumed that the merger will be
treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of
1986.

   
In connection with preparing and rendering its opinion, Updata Capital
performed a variety of valuation, financial and comparative analyses.
The
summary of the material analyses set forth below does not purport to be a
complete description.
The summary of the opinion of Updata Capital set forth in
this proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the opinion set forth in Annex D to this proxy
statement/prospectus.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process not necessarily susceptible to summary description.
Selecting portions
of the analyses or of the summary, without considering the analysis as a whole,
could create an incomplete view of Updata Capital's process for arriving at its
opinion.

   
Updata Capital's opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic,
financial and other conditions as they existed and can be evaluated as of the
date of the opinion and any subsequent change in such conditions would require
a reevaluation of such opinion.
Although subsequent developments may affect its
opinion, Updata Capital has assumed no obligation to update, revise or reaffirm
it.

   
The following is a brief summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Updata Capital in connection with providing its opinion to the
Data Dimensions board of directors.

   
Analysis of Selected Publicly Traded Companies.
This analysis reviews Data
Dimensions' operating performance and outlook relative to a group of peer
companies to determine an implied value.
Using published estimates, Updata
Capital used multiples of Net Enterprise Value over calendar year 2000,
calendar year 2001 and run-rate revenues and EBIT, which means earnings before
interest and taxes, in its analysis.
Net Enterprise Value represents a
company's current stock price multiplied by its diluted shares outstanding,
plus debt and preferred stock, minus cash and cash equivalents on the most
recent publicly available balance sheet.
Run rate results are derived by
annualizing the most recent reported quarter.

   
Updata Capital analyzed comparable public companies to Data Dimensions in
two ways: (1) on a consolidated basis by using a universe of selected
information technology services firms offering a range of services, some of
which overlap with Data Dimensions; and (2) on a business line basis by
creating a separate universe of companies with operations comparable in whole
or in part to each of Data Dimensions' two business units--Testing and Quality
Assurance, and Applications Development and Maintenance--and adding together
the implied valuations of each of these units to get an implied valuation for
Data Dimensions in its entirety.
Updata Capital used closing per share prices
as of March 2, 2001 in its calculations, and discounted trading multiples to
reflect liquidity and certain risk factors and limitations associated with the
Data Dimensions businesses.

   
The publicly traded information technology services companies selected as
comparables to Data Dimensions on a consolidated basis consisted of: Cambridge
Technology Partners, Inc.; Covansys; Computer Horizons Corp.; Computer Task
Group, Inc.; Keane, Inc.; Information Analysis Inc.; iGATE Capital Corp.;

Peritus Software Service, Inc.; Syntel, Inc.; and TSR, Inc.
The publicly traded
companies selected as comparables for Data Dimensions' Testing and Quality
Assurance business unit consisted of: Compuware Corp.; Keynote Systems, Inc.;
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.; Mercury Interactive Corp.; Rational Software
Corp.; Segue Software, Inc.; and Empirix.
The publicly traded companies
selected as comparables for Data Dimensions' Applications Development and
Maintenance business unit consisted of: Affiliated Computer Systems, Inc.;
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp.; Covansys; Computer Horizons Corp.;
Computer Task Group, Inc.; iGATE Capital Corp.; IMRglobal Corp.; Keane, Inc.;
and Syntel, Inc.

   Updata Capital determined discounted mean and median revenue and EBIT
trading multiples for these companies, excluding outliers, not meaningful and
not available data.
Although Updata Capital reviewed EBIT multiples, implied
valuations presented to the Data Dimensions board of directors focused on
revenue multiples because Data Dimensions generated negative EBIT in 2000 and
management forecasts relating to Data Dimensions also projected negative EBIT
in 2001; further, most of the public comparables either had negative or minimal
EBIT, or projections were not publicly available.
Mean and median Net
Enterprise Value/revenue multiples for the companies deemed comparable to Data
Dimensions on a consolidated basis resulted in a range of implied value per
Data Dimensions share of $0.57 to $0.98.
Mean and median Net Enterprise
Value/revenue multiples for the companies deemed comparable to each of Data
Dimensions' two business units yielded aggregate implied Data Dimensions per
share valuations ranging from $1.13 to $1.53.
Note that this latter valuation
range assumes no tax liability from a divisional asset sale, which could
substantially reduce the implied per share value on a post corporate tax basis.

   
Analysis of Selected Transactions.
Updata Capital reviewed selected public
and private acquisitions of information technology testing and quality
assurance companies, and of application development and maintenance companies.

For each transaction, Updata Capital calculated multiples at closing based on
transaction value, which is equivalent to Net Enterprise Value, over last 12
month, or LTM, revenues and LTM EBIT, where data was available and meaningful.

   
Acquisitions included by Updata Capital and for which data was available in
the information technology testing and quality assurance sector were: Keynote
System Inc.'s acquisition of Velogic, Inc. in May 2000; Exodus Communications,
Inc.'s acquisition of Keylabs, Inc. in February 2000; Exodus Communications,
Inc.'s acquisition of Service Metrics Inc. in November 1999; Lionbridge
Technologies Inc.'s acquisition of VeriTest in January 1999; Segue Software,
Inc.'s acquisition of Black & White Software, Inc. in December 1998; and
Rational Software Corp.'s acquisition of Performance Awareness Corp. in March
1997.
Acquisitions included by Updata Capital and for which data was available
in the application development and maintenance sector were: Silverline
Technologies Ltd.'s acquisition of SeraNova, Inc. in February 2001; NCR Corp.'s
acquisition of 4Front Technologies Inc. in August 2000; Titan Corp.'s
acquisition of AverStar, Inc. in June 2000; FinTech Services Ltd.'s acquisition
of Saltus Technology in June 2000; Leapnet Inc.'s acquisition of SPR Inc. in
May 2000; SI International Inc.'s acquisition of System Technology Associates
in March 2000; IMRglobal Corp.'s acquisition of Neverdahl-Loft & Associates in
December 1999; Computer Associates International, Inc.'s acquisition of
Computer Management Sciences, Inc. in March 1999; and Complete Business
Solutions, Inc.'s acquisition of Costello & Associates, Inc. in January 1998.

   
It should be noted that none of the precedent transactions are identical to
the Lionbridge-Data Dimensions merger and that, therefore, there are numerous
factors that may have impacted the resulting transaction multiples that would
affect the implied valuation of Data Dimensions.

   
Although Updata Capital reviewed EBIT multiples where available, implied
valuations were presented to the Data Dimensions board based upon transaction
value/LTM revenue multiples because Data Dimensions generated negative EBIT in
2000; further, most of the acquisition comparables reviewed either had negative
EBIT or EBIT data that was not publicly available.
Applying mean and median
revenue multiples based upon the transactions analyzed for each of Data
Dimensions' two business units and aggregating those implied valuations
resulted in an implied value per share of Data Dimensions of $1.68.
Note that
this implied valuation

assumes no tax liability from a divisional asset sale, which could
substantially reduce the implied per share value on a post corporate tax basis.

   
Analysis of Premiums Paid in Selected Transactions.
Updata Capital reviewed
premiums paid in 17 mergers and acquisitions of publicly traded information
technology services companies at one day and thirty days prior to the
announcement of such transactions.
The median premiums paid over target's stock
price one day and 30 days prior to announcement were, in both cases, 35%.
The
average premiums paid over target's stock price one day and 30 days prior to
announcement were 37% and 44%, respectively.
As of March 2, 2001, these mean
and median premiums implied a per share valuation range for Data Dimensions of
$0.55 to $0.91 per share.

   
Other Analyses.
Updata Capital conducted such other analyses as it deemed
necessary, including: performing a relative contribution analysis based upon
each of Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's financial profiles and pro forma
equity stake of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge stockholders in the combined
entity; analyzing selected research reports related to industry sectors in
which Data Dimensions and Lionbridge participate; and reviewing the stock price
performance of Data Dimensions, Lionbridge and other relevant publicly traded
companies.

   
Pursuant to its engagement letter with Updata Capital, Data Dimensions has
agreed to pay Updata Capital a fee, upon consummation of an acquisition of Data
Dimensions or of any Data Dimensions business unit by any party, of 4% of the
first ten million dollars of consideration paid in any such transaction, 2% of
the next forty million dollars of consideration and 1% of all consideration
above fifty million dollars, with a minimum fee of $400,000.
In addition, the
letter provides for payment to Updata Capital of a fairness opinion fee of
$200,000.
The engagement letter also provides that Data Dimensions will
reimburse Updata Capital for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will
indemnify Updata Capital and certain related persons against certain
liabilities arising out of its engagement.
Updata Capital also received a fee
of $400,000 in connection with the sale of Data Dimensions Information
Services, a subsidiary of Data Dimensions, on December 28, 2000.


Important United States Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences
generally applicable to U.S. holders of Data Dimensions common stock who,
pursuant to the merger, exchange their shares of Data Dimensions common stock
for Lionbridge common stock.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative
interpretations and court decisions as in effect as of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, all of which may change, possibly with retroactive
effect.

   
This discussion only addresses shares of Data Dimensions common stock held
as capital assets.
It does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income
taxation that may be important to a Data Dimensions stockholder in light of
that stockholder's particular circumstances or to a Data Dimensions stockholder
subject to special rules, such as:

  .  
a stockholder who is not a citizen or resident of the U.S.;

  .  
a financial institution or insurance company;

  .  
a tax-exempt organization;

  .  
a dealer or broker in securities;

  .  
a stockholder that holds Data Dimensions common stock as part of a
     hedge, appreciated financial position, straddle or conversion
     transaction; or

  .  
a stockholder who acquired Data Dimensions common stock pursuant to the
     exercise of options or otherwise as compensation.

   
Tax Opinion.
Data Dimensions has received an opinion of Garvey, Schubert &
Barer ("tax counsel"), dated as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus,
that the merger will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code and that Lionbridge, its merger subsidiary and Data Dimensions will each
be a party to that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Garvey, Schubert & Barer will issue a confirmation
opinion to the same effect at the effective time of the merger.

   
The opinion of tax counsel regarding the merger has relied, and the
confirmation opinion regarding the merger as of the effective time of the
merger will rely, on (1) representations and covenants made by Lionbridge and
Data Dimensions, including those contained in certificates of officers of
Lionbridge, its merger subsidiary and Data Dimensions, and (2) specified
assumptions, including an assumption regarding the completion of the merger in
the manner contemplated by the agreement and plan of reorganization.
In
addition, the opinion of tax counsel has assumed, and tax counsel's ability to
provide the opinion at the effective time will depend on, the absence of
changes in existing facts or in law between the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus and the effective time of the merger.
If any of those
representations, covenants or assumptions is inaccurate, tax counsel may not be
able to provide the required opinion at the effective time or the tax
consequences of the merger could differ from those described in the opinion
that tax counsel has delivered.
Tax counsel's opinion neither binds the
Internal Revenue Services ("IRS") nor precludes the IRS or the courts from
adopting a contrary position.
Neither Lionbridge nor Data Dimensions intends to
obtain a ruling from the IRS on the tax consequences of the merger.

   
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Data Dimensions Stockholders Who
Participate in the Merger.
Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, there are
the following U.S. federal income tax consequences:

  .  
A holder of Data Dimensions common stock will not recognize any gain or
     loss upon its exchange of shares of Data Dimensions common stock for
     shares of Lionbridge common stock, except with respect to cash, if any,
     received instead of fractional shares of Lionbridge common stock.

  .  
If a holder of Data Dimensions common stock receives cash instead of a
     fractional share of Lionbridge common stock, the holder will be required
     to recognize capital gain or loss (provided that the shares surrendered
     are held as capital assets immediately prior to the merger), measured by
     the difference between the amount of cash received instead of that
     fractional share and the portion of the tax basis of that holder's
     shares of Data Dimensions common stock allocable to that fractional
     share.
This capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss
     if the share of Data Dimensions common stock exchanged for that
     fractional share of Lionbridge common stock was held for more than one
     year at the effective time of the merger.

  .  
A holder of Data Dimensions common stock will have a tax basis in the
     Lionbridge common stock received in the merger equal to (1) the tax
     basis of the Data Dimensions common stock surrendered by that holder in
     the merger, less (2) any tax basis of the Data Dimensions common stock
     surrendered that is allocable to any fractional share of Lionbridge
     common stock for which cash is received.

  .  
The holding period for shares of Lionbridge common stock received in
     exchange for Data Dimensions common stock in the merger will include the
     holding period for the shares of Data Dimensions common stock
     surrendered in the merger; provided that the Data Dimensions stock so
     surrendered is held as a capital asset at the time of the merger.

  .  
No gain or loss will be recognized by Lionbridge, its merger subsidiary
     or Data Dimensions solely as a result of the merger.

   
If the IRS were to successfully challenge the "reorganization" status of the
merger, each Data Dimensions stockholder would recognize taxable gain or loss
with respect to the Data Dimensions common stock surrendered, measured by the
difference between (1) the fair market value, as of the time of the merger, of
the Lionbridge common stock received in the merger, and (2) the stockholder's
tax basis in the Data Dimensions

common stock surrendered therefor in the merger.
In such event, a stockholder's
aggregate basis in the Lionbridge common stock so received would equal its fair
market value as of the time of the merger and the holding period for such stock
would begin the day after the merger.

   
Under the agreement and plan of reorganization, each Data Dimensions
stockholder will receive outright, upon surrender of its shares of Data
Dimensions stock, 0.190884 of a share of Lionbridge common stock for each share
of Data Dimensions common stock surrendered.
Data Dimensions stockholders will
be required to attach a statement to their tax returns for the year of the
merger that contains the information listed in Treasury Regulation Section
1.368-3(b).
Such statement must include the stockholder's tax basis in the
stockholder's Data Dimensions common stock and a description of the Lionbridge
common stock received therefor.
Data Dimensions stockholders are urged to
consult their tax advisors with respect to this statement and any other tax
reporting requirements.

   
This discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences is not a
complete analysis or description of all potential U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger.
This discussion does not address tax consequences
that may vary with, or are contingent upon, individual circumstances.
In
addition, this discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign,
state or local tax consequences of the merger.

   
LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS
INTEND THIS DISCUSSION TO PROVIDE ONLY A
SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER.
LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS DO NOT INTEND THAT IT BE A COMPLETE
ANALYSIS OR DESCRIPTION OF ALL POTENTIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER.
LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS DO NOT ADDRESS CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF
STOCKHOLDERS, AND LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS DO NOT ADDRESS STATE, LOCAL OR
FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES.
IN ADDITION, AS NOTED ABOVE, LIONBRIDGE AND DATA
DIMENSIONS DO NOT ADDRESS TAX CONSEQUENCES THAT MAY VARY WITH, OR ARE
CONTINGENT UPON, INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES.
LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS
STRONGLY URGE YOU TO CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE YOUR PARTICULAR
UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN INCOME OR OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES
RESULTING FROM THE MERGER, IN LIGHT OF YOUR INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES.


Accounting Treatment of the Merger

   Lionbridge intends to account for the merger as a purchase for accounting
and financial reporting purposes, which means that Data Dimensions will be
treated as a separate entity for periods prior to the effective time of the
merger, and thereafter as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lionbridge.


Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Data Dimensions in the Merger

   When considering the recommendation of Data Dimensions' board of directors,
you should be aware that the directors and executive officers of Data
Dimensions have interests in the merger that are different from the interests
of Data Dimensions' stockholders generally.
As a result, these officers and
directors may be more likely to vote to approve and to recommend the merger and
agreement and plan of reorganization than if they did not hold these interests.

These interests include:

  .  
Howard H. Hayakawa, an executive officer of Data Dimensions, will become
     an executive of the combined company after the merger.

  .  
Each of Peter A. Allen, Laurence C. Leslie and John W. Cramer, executive
     officers of Data Dimensions, is entitled to receive benefits under
     severance agreements or Data Dimensions' severance policy, as the case
     may be, in the event the merger is approved and completed.
The benefits
     under the severance arrangements include:

       (i) Cash payments of $350,000 to Mr. Allen and $195,000, in the
    aggregate, to the other executive officers.

       (ii) Continuation of health benefits of twelve months for Mr. Allen
    and six months for Mr. Leslie and Mr. Cramer; and

       (iii) All accrued and unused vacation will be paid to the executive
    officers.

  .  
Executive officers and directors of Data Dimensions have options, the
     vesting of which will accelerate upon the giving of notice by Data
     Dimensions to optionees of the merger, which notice shall be given not
     less than 30 days before the effective time of the merger.

  .  
Data Dimensions' directors and officers have customary rights to
     indemnification against specified liabilities.


Nasdaq National Market Quotation of Lionbridge Common Stock

   The approval for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of
Lionbridge common stock to be issued in the merger is a condition to the
consummation of the merger.


Resale of Lionbridge Common Stock Issued in connection with the Merger

   The shares of Lionbridge common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely
transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of Lionbridge common
stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an affiliate of either
Lionbridge or Data Dimensions at the effective time of the merger.
Persons who
may be deemed to be affiliates include individuals or entities that control,
are controlled by, or are under common control with either Lionbridge or Data
Dimensions and may include some of the officers, directors, or principal
stockholders of Lionbridge or Data Dimensions.
Affiliates may not sell their
shares of Lionbridge common stock acquired in connection with the merger except
pursuant to:

  .  
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
     the resale of those shares;

  .  
an exemption afforded by Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

  .  
another applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

   
Lionbridge's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of
Lionbridge common stock to be received by affiliates in the merger.

           
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   Lionbridge and Data Dimensions believe this document contains "forward-
looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995.
These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and
are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management of Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions, based on information currently available to each company's
management.
When we use words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates,"
"intends," "future," "could," "plans," "estimates," "should," "likely" or
similar words or expressions, we are making forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements include the information concerning possible or
assumed future results of operations of Lionbridge set forth:

  .  
under "Summary," "Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed
     Financial Data of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions," "Risk Factors" "--
     Background of the Merger," "--Lionbridge's Reasons for the Merger," "--
     Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Data Dimensions; Data
     Dimensions' Reasons for the Merger," "--Opinion of Data Dimensions'
     Financial Advisor," "Business" of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions,
     "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
     of Operations" of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions and "Unaudited Pro
     Forma Combined Condensed Financial Statements of Lionbridge and Data
     Dimensions."

   Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance.
They involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
The future results and stockholder values
of Lionbridge or Data Dimensions may differ materially from those expressed in
the forward-looking statements.
Many of the factors that will determine these
results and values are beyond our ability to control or predict.
Stockholders
are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
For
those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-
looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995.

   
For a discussion of some of the factors that may cause actual results to
differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements,
please read carefully the information under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9.

In addition to the risk factors, you should understand that the following
important factors could affect the future results of Lionbridge and could cause
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking
statements:

  .  
increased competitive pressures, both domestically and internationally,
     which may affect sales of Lionbridge's services and impede Lionbridge's
     ability to maintain its market share and pricing goals;

  .  changes in United States, global or regional economic conditions,
     including uncertainty in the technology market, which may affect sales
     of the combined company's services and increase costs associated with
     providing such services;

  .  changes in United States and global financial and equity markets,
     including significant interest rate fluctuations, which may increase the
     cost of external financing for Lionbridge's operations, and currency
     fluctuations, which may negatively impact Lionbridge's reportable
     income;

  .  
changes in laws or regulations, third party relations and approvals,
     decisions of courts, regulators and governmental bodies which may
     adversely affect Lionbridge's business or ability to compete; and

  .  
other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in
     Lionbridge's public announcements and SEC filings.

   
This list of factors that may affect future performance and the accuracy of
forward-looking statements is illustrative, but by no means exhaustive.

Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the
understanding of their inherent uncertainty.

                    
THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

   
The following is a brief summary of the material provisions of the agreement
and plan of reorganization, as amended, a copy of which is attached as Annex A
to this proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this
summary.
The summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the agreement and plan of reorganization.
Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions urge all stockholders of Data Dimensions to read the agreement and
plan of reorganization in its entirety for a more complete description of the
terms and conditions of the merger.


Effect of the Merger

   Following the approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan
of reorganization by the stockholders of Data Dimensions and the satisfaction
or waiver of the other conditions to the merger, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Lionbridge, named "Diamond Acquisition Corp.," will be merged into Data
Dimensions.
Data Dimensions will survive the merger as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Lionbridge.
If all conditions to the merger are satisfied or
waived, the merger will become effective at the time of the filing by the
surviving corporation of a duly executed certificate of merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at any later time as Lionbridge
and Data Dimensions shall agree and specify in the certificate of merger.
The
agreement and plan of reorganization provides that the certificate of
incorporation of Diamond Acquisition Corp. as in effect immediately prior to
the effective time, will be the certificate of incorporation of the surviving
corporation, except that the name of the surviving corporation will be changed
to "Data Dimensions, Inc." The agreement and plan of reorganization also
provides that the by-laws of Diamond Acquisition Corp. as in effect immediately
prior to the effective time will be the by-laws of the surviving corporation.

The directors of Diamond Acquisition Corp. immediately prior to the completion
of the merger will become the directors of the surviving corporation, to hold
office in accordance with the by-laws of the surviving corporation.
Each share
of Diamond Acquisition Corp. common stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the merger will be converted into and exchanged for one validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the surviving
corporation.


Exchange of Shares

   Treatment of Data Dimensions Common Stock.
At the effective time of the
merger, each issued and outstanding share of Data Dimensions common stock other
than shares held by Data Dimensions, Lionbridge or Diamond Acquisition Corp.,
will be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Lionbridge
common stock equal to the conversion ratio.
The conversion ratio is 0.190884.

At the effective time, all shares of Data Dimensions common stock will no
longer be outstanding and will automatically be canceled and retired and will
cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate which immediately prior to the
effective time represented any shares of Data Dimensions common stock will
cease to have any rights as to these shares, except the right to receive shares
of Lionbridge common stock and any cash instead of fractional shares of
Lionbridge common stock.

   
Based on the conversion ratio of 0.190884 and the 13,560,972 shares of Data
Dimensions common stock issued and outstanding as of March 8, 2001,
approximately 2,588,570 shares of Lionbridge common stock will be issued to the
holders of Data Dimensions common stock in the merger.
The actual number of
shares of Lionbridge common stock issued may differ because the number of
shares of Data Dimensions common stock outstanding at the effective time of the
merger may differ.

   
Treatment of Data Dimensions Stock Options and Warrants.
Data Dimensions'
stock option plan provides that each issued and outstanding but unvested option
to purchase shares of Data Dimensions common stock under the stock option plan
shall accelerate upon the giving of notice by Data Dimensions to optionees of a
change in control of Data Dimensions (such as the merger), which notice shall
be given not less than 30 days before the effective time of the merger.
At the
effective time of the merger, each unexpired and unexercised outstanding option
or warrant to purchase shares of Data Dimensions common stock, whether vested
or unvested, previously granted by Data Dimensions will be assumed by
Lionbridge and converted into options or

warrants, as the case may be, to purchase shares of Lionbridge common stock
upon substantially the same terms and conditions.
The number of shares of
Lionbridge common stock subject to the assumed Data Dimensions stock options
and warrants will equal the number of shares of the Data Dimensions common
stock issuable under the original stock options or warrants multiplied by the
conversion ratio.
Based on the conversion ratio of 0.190884 and options and
warrants to purchase 2,298,343 shares of Data Dimensions common stock
outstanding as of March 8, 2001, the Data Dimensions options and warrants
assumed by Lionbridge will represent the right, in the aggregate, to purchase
up to approximately 438,717 shares of Lionbridge common stock.
Any fractional
shares of Lionbridge common stock resulting from this assumption will be
rounded down to the nearest share.
The exercise price per share of Lionbridge
common stock under the assumed Data Dimensions stock options and warrants will
equal the exercise price per share of the Data Dimensions common stock under
the original stock options or warrants divided by the conversion ratio.
The
exercise prices will be rounded up to the next highest whole cent.

   
Fractional Shares.
Lionbridge will not issue any fractional shares of
Lionbridge common stock in the merger.
Instead, each holder of shares of Data
Dimensions common stock exchanged in the merger who would otherwise have been
entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Lionbridge common stock will be
entitled to receive cash (without interest) in an amount equal to the product
of the fractional part of Lionbridge common stock multiplied by $5.6688, the
average closing sales price of Lionbridge common stock over the five trading
days ended on the last trading day prior to the date of the agreement and plan
of reorganization.


Exchange of Stock Certificates

   Surrender of Shares of Data Dimensions Stock; Stock Transfer Books.
After
the effective time of the merger, Lionbridge will mail a notice and letter of
transmittal to each record holder of certificates representing Data Dimensions
stock advising the holders of the effectiveness of the merger and the
instructions for surrendering the certificates for Lionbridge common stock and
for the payment in lieu of fractional shares.
Holders of certificates who
properly surrender their certificates in accordance with the instructions in
the notice will receive certificates representing the number of shares of
Lionbridge common stock, cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Lionbridge
common stock and any dividends or distributions to which they are entitled.
The
surrendered certificates will be cancelled.

   
No Further Registration or Transfer of Data Dimensions Common Stock.
At the
effective time of the merger, the stock transfer books of Data Dimensions will
be closed and there will be no further transfers of shares of Data Dimensions
common stock on the records of Data Dimensions or exercises of any options,
warrants or other rights to acquire Data Dimensions stock for shares of Data
Dimensions capital stock.
After the effective time of the merger, the holders
of Data Dimensions stock certificates will cease to have any rights with
respect to the shares of Data Dimensions capital stock except as otherwise
provided for in the agreement and plan of reorganization or by applicable law.

   Dividends and Distributions.
No dividends or other distributions declared or
made on or after the closing date of the merger with respect to shares of
Lionbridge common stock will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Data
Dimensions certificate with respect to the shares of Lionbridge common stock
that the holder is entitled to receive until the holder surrenders the Data
Dimensions certificate as provided above and provides customary representations
and certifications as are requested in the transmittal form sent to each
holder.
Upon surrender of the certificates, Lionbridge will pay to the person
in whose name the Data Dimensions certificates representing the shares of
Lionbridge common stock will be issued, without interest, any dividends or
distributions with respect to the shares of Lionbridge common stock which have
a record date on or after the effective time of the merger and have become
payable between the effective time of the merger and the time of surrender.

   
Lost Certificates.
If any certificates representing shares of Data
Dimensions stock or instruments representing Data Dimensions options or
warrants are lost, stolen or destroyed, the Data Dimensions

stockholder must provide an appropriate affidavit of that fact.
Lionbridge may
require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed Data Dimensions certificate
or instrument to deliver a bond as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against Lionbridge with respect to the Data Dimensions certificate or
instrument alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

   
Holders of Data Dimensions common stock should not send in their
certificates until they receive a letter of transmittal from Lionbridge.


Representations and Warranties

   The agreement and plan of reorganization contains representations and
warranties of Lionbridge, Data Dimensions and Diamond Acquisition Corp.
These
relate to:

  .  
their organization, standing and power;

  .  
their capitalization;

  .  
their authorization, execution and delivery of, and the enforceability
     of, the agreement and plan of reorganization and related matters;

  .  
compliance with laws and the absence of conflicts, violations and
     defaults under their corporate charters and by-laws and other agreements
     and documents;

  .  
the accuracy and completeness of documents and reports filed with the
     SEC;

  .  
accounting matters and financial statements;

  .  
required consents and approvals of governmental authorities;

  .  
litigation;

  .  
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes; and

  .  
the absence of certain changes and events.

   
Data Dimensions has also represented and warranted as to:

  .  
its subsidiaries;

  .  required third-party consents;

  .  
its licenses and permits;

  .  
its intellectual property;

  .  
the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

  .  
its accounts receivable;

  .  
its leases;

  .  
its personal and real property;

  .  
its business relationships and transactions with affiliates;

  .  
its material contracts and the enforceability of its contracts;

  .  
material reductions in customer contracts;

  .  
insurance and banking facilities;

  .  
its employees and consultants;

  .  
its employee benefit plans;

  .  
the absence of "excess parachute payments" upon the execution of the
     agreement and plan of reorganization or consummation of the merger;

  .  guarantees and suretyships;

  .  
brokers and finders;

  .  
environmental, health and safety matters;

  .  
the accuracy of information provided to Lionbridge;

  .  
the absence of restrictions on its business activities;

  .  
receipt of a fairness opinion from its financial advisor;

  .  
the status of its Nasdaq National Market listing;

  .  
the required vote of its stockholders to approve and adopt the merger
     and the agreement and plan of reorganization;

  .  
the inapplicability of state takeover statutes to the merger; and

  .  
lack of any indemnity claims against Data Dimensions.

   
Lionbridge has also represented and warranted as to the validity of the
shares of its common stock to be issued in connection with the merger.


Certain Covenants

   Conduct of Business Prior to the Merger.
Data Dimensions has agreed that it
will carry on its business in the ordinary course in substantially the same
manner as previously conducted, except as contemplated by the agreement and
plan of reorganization.
Specifically, Data Dimensions has agreed not to,
without the prior written consent of Lionbridge:

  .  
issue or sell any shares of capital stock, options, warrants or other
     securities, except pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants
     issued and outstanding as of the date of the agreement and plan of
     reorganization or, with respect to the issuance of new options, at the
     request of Lionbridge;

  .  
repurchase or acquire any shares of its capital stock;

  .  
accelerate the vesting or otherwise modify the terms of any outstanding
     option or warrant;

  .  
effect a stock split or declare or make any dividends or other
     distribution on its shares of capital stock;

  .  
with certain exceptions, enter into any material commitment or
     transaction;

  .  
incur or assume indebtedness other than existing agreements, guarantee
     the obligations of any other person or entity or make any loans or
     investments in any other person or entity;

  .  
enter into, adopt or amend any employee benefit plan or employment or
     severance arrangement or increase the compensation or fringe benefits
     of, or materially modify the employment terms of, its directors,
     officers or employees generally, or pay any benefit not required by any
     existing employee benefit plan;

  .  
acquire, sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any assets or
     property other than in the ordinary course of business;

  .  
authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to authorize,
     recommend or propose, or enter into a letter of intent, an agreement in
     principle or an agreement with respect to any merger, consolidation, or
     business combination, or any acquisition of assets or securities;

  .  
amend its charter or by-laws;

  .  
with certain exceptions, commence a lawsuit or settle any claim, action
     or proceeding;

  .  
discontinue any insurance;

  .  
take or fail to take any action with the knowledge that the action or
     failure to take action would cause or constitute a breach of any of its
     representations and warranties in the agreement and plan of
     reorganization;

  .  
with certain exceptions, enter into or amend any agreements pursuant to
     which any other party is granted support, service, marketing or
     publishing rights, or is granted distribution rights of any type or
     scope with respect to any products of Data Dimensions;

  .  
with certain exceptions, enter into or terminate any contracts,
     arrangements, plans, agreements, leases, licenses, franchises, permits,
     indentures, authorizations, instruments, or commitments, or amend or
     otherwise change in any material respect the terms thereof in a manner
     adverse to Data Dimensions;

  .  
make or change any material election in respect of taxes, adopt or
     change any accounting method in respect of taxes, enter into any closing
     agreement, settle any claim or assessment in respect of taxes, or
     consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable
     to any claim or assessment in respect of taxes;

  .  
modify in any material respect existing discounts or other terms and
     conditions with dealers, distributors and other resellers of Data
     Dimensions' products or services in a manner adverse to Data Dimensions;
     or

  .  
grant any bonus, severance or termination pay.

   
Lionbridge and Data Dimensions have each agreed to use their reasonable
efforts to take all actions and to do all things necessary, proper or advisable
to consummate the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
agreement and plan of reorganization.

   
Director and Officer Indemnification.
Lionbridge has agreed that all rights
to indemnification and exculpation existing on the date of the agreement and
plan of reorganization in favor of the present officers and directors of Data
Dimensions with respect to actions taken in their capacities as officers and
directors of Data Dimensions as provided in Data Dimensions' certificate of
incorporation or by-laws prior to the effective time of the merger shall
continue in full force and effect.
In addition, Lionbridge has agreed to
maintain in effect, for three years following the effective time of the merger,
for the current directors and officers of Data Dimensions, any policies of
directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance
maintained by Data Dimensions immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger.

   
Third-Party Approvals.
Data Dimensions and Lionbridge have agreed to use
their respective reasonable best efforts to obtain all consents, and make all
filings with governmental entities, which are necessary to be obtained by them
to consummate the merger.
They have also agreed to advise and consult with each
other regarding material events.

   
Nasdaq National Market.
Lionbridge has agreed to use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the shares of Lionbridge common stock to be issued to the Data
Dimensions stockholders to be listed for quotation on the Nasdaq National
Market.


No Solicitation

   Data Dimensions has agreed that it will not, and will use its reasonable
best efforts to ensure that none of its officers, directors, stockholders,
agents, representatives or affiliates, (1) solicit, encourage, initiate or
participate in discussions, inquiries or negotiations with respect to any offer
or proposal to acquire all or a significant part of Data Dimensions' business,
assets or capital stock whether by merger, consolidation, other business
combination, purchase of assets, tender or exchange offer or otherwise; (2)
provide any non-public information concerning the business, properties or
assets of Data Dimensions to any person or entity (other than Lionbridge) in
connection with any proposal relating to any acquisition; (3) enter into any
agreement relating to a transaction described in (1) above; or (4) make or
authorize any public statement in support of any transaction described in (1)
above.
If any party commences a tender offer for Data Dimensions capital stock,
Lionbridge has agreed that Data Dimensions may make certain disclosures to its
stockholders contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 if the Data Dimensions board of directors concludes in good faith that
these actions are necessary or appropriate because the failure to make these
disclosures would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the Data
Dimensions board of directors to its stockholders.
Data Dimensions has agreed
that it will promptly notify Lionbridge about any inquiries, discussions or
negotiations of the nature described above.


Conditions to Completion of the Merger

   The respective obligations of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions to effect the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:
(1) this registration statement shall have been declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and shall be effective under the Securities
Act; and (2) the shares of Lionbridge common stock issuable to the Data
Dimensions stockholders shall have been approved for quotation on the Nasdaq
National Market.

   
In addition, the obligations of Lionbridge and Diamond Acquisition Corp. to
effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions:

  .  
Data Dimensions must have obtained all waivers, permits, consents,
     approvals or other authorizations required by the agreement and plan of
     reorganization;

  .  
the representations and warranties of Data Dimensions in the agreement
     and plan of reorganization which are qualified as to materiality must be
     true and correct, and the representations and warranties of Data
     Dimensions which are not qualified as to materiality must be true and
     correct in all material respects, in each case, as of the date of the
     agreement and plan of reorganization and at the effective time of the
     merger, except to the extent that the inaccuracy of any representation
     or warranty (i) is contemplated by the agreement and plan of
     reorganization; (ii) relates to a representation or warranty
     specifically limited to an earlier date; or (iii) results from actions
     taken or not taken with the written concurrence of Lionbridge;

  .  
Data Dimensions will have performed all agreements and covenants
     required to be performed under the agreement and plan of reorganization
     at or prior to the effective time of the merger, except (i) as otherwise
     contemplated by the agreement and plan of reorganization; (ii) as a
     result of actions taken or not taken with the written concurrence of
     Lionbridge; or (iii) for failures to perform which, individually or in
     the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the business
     condition of Data Dimensions;

  .  
Lionbridge will have received certificates executed on behalf of Data
     Dimensions regarding representations and performance as required by the
     agreement and plan of reorganization;

  .  
no action, suit or proceeding shall be pending or threatened where an
     unfavorable judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction would
     prevent or cause the rescission of the merger or prohibit or impose any
     limitations on Lionbridge's ownership or operation of all or any portion
     of Data

     Dimensions' business or assets which would have a material adverse
     effect on Lionbridge's ability to receive the anticipated benefits of
     the merger;

  .  
Lionbridge will have received an opinion from counsel to Data Dimensions
     in a form reasonably satisfactory to Lionbridge;

  .  
Lionbridge will have received a letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
     containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in
     accountants' "comfort letters";

  .  
stockholders of Data Dimensions representing at least a majority of the
     outstanding shares of Data Dimensions common stock entitled to vote will
     have approved and adopted the merger and the agreement and plan of
     reorganization;

  .  
Data Dimensions will have terminated its 401(k) plan;

  .  
any registration rights, rights of first refusal, voting rights,
     liquidation preference or redemption rights relating to any security of
     Data Dimensions will be terminated, waived or satisfied;

  .  
holders of not more than 4% of the outstanding capital stock of Data
     Dimensions will have exercised appraisal rights with respect to the
     merger; and

  .  
Lionbridge will have received the resignations of all officers and
     directors of Data Dimensions and its subsidiaries.

   
In addition, the obligation of Data Dimensions to effect the merger is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

  .  
Data Dimensions must have received an opinion from counsel to Lionbridge
     in a form reasonably satisfactory to Data Dimensions;

  .  
the representations and warranties of Lionbridge and Diamond Acquisition
     Corp. in the agreement and plan of reorganization which are qualified as
     to materiality must be true and correct, and the representations and
     warranties of Lionbridge and Diamond Acquisition Corp. which are not
     qualified as to materiality must be true and correct in all material
     respects, in each case, as of the date of the agreement and plan of
     reorganization and at the effective time of the merger, except to the
     extent that the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty (i) is
     contemplated by the agreement and plan of reorganization; (ii) relates
     to a representation or warranty specifically limited to an earlier date;
     or (iii) results from actions taken or not taken with the written
     concurrence of Data Dimensions;

  .  
Lionbridge and Diamond Acquisition Corp. shall have performed all
     agreements and covenants required to be performed under the agreement
     and plan of reorganization at or prior to the effective time of the
     merger, except (i) as otherwise contemplated by the agreement and plan
     of reorganization; (ii) as a result of actions taken or not taken with
     the written concurrence of Data Dimensions; or (iii) for failures to
     perform which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
     material adverse effect on the business condition of Lionbridge; and

  .  
no action, suit or proceeding shall be pending or threatened in writing
     where an unfavorable judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction
     would prevent or cause the rescission of the merger or restrict in any
     way the receipt, ownership, or ability to dispose of the shares of
     Lionbridge common stock to be received by any Data Dimensions
     stockholder as a result of the merger.


Termination; Fees and Expenses

   The agreement and plan of reorganization may be terminated in the following
ways at any time prior to the effective time of the merger:

     (1) Lionbridge, Data Dimensions and Diamond Acquisition Corp. may
  terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization by mutual written
  consent;

     (2) Lionbridge may terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization if
  it is not in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
  agreement contained in the agreement and plan of reorganization and Data
  Dimensions is in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
  or agreement contained in the agreement and plan of reorganization if the
  breach would result in a failure of Data Dimensions to satisfy the closing
  conditions and the breach is not remedied by Data Dimensions within five
  business days of notice of the breach;

     (3) Data Dimensions may terminate the agreement and plan of
  reorganization (i) if it is not in material breach of any representation,
  warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the agreement and plan of
  reorganization and Lionbridge is in material breach of any representation,
  warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the agreement and plan of
  reorganization if the breach would result in a failure of Lionbridge to
  satisfy the closing conditions and the breach is not remedied by Lionbridge
  within five business days of notice of the breach; or (ii) if Data
  Dimensions fails to obtain stockholder approval of the merger and the
  agreement and plan of reorganization by July 31, 2001; or

     (4)
Either party may terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization
  by giving written notice to the other party if the effective time of the
  merger has not occurred on or before July 31, 2001, except that this right
  to terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization is not available to
  any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under the agreement and
  plan of reorganization has been a significant cause of, or resulted in, the
  failure of the effective time of the merger to occur by July 31, 2001.

   
If either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions terminates the agreement and plan of
reorganization pursuant to any of the reasons above, all obligations of the
parties under the agreement and plan of reorganization shall terminate and
there will be no liability, except for (i) any liability of a party for willful
breaches of the agreement and plan of reorganization on the part of Lionbridge,
Data Dimensions, or Diamond Acquisition Corp. and (ii) the payment of a
termination fee as set forth below.

   
In addition, if (a) the agreement and plan of reorganization is terminated
by Data Dimensions pursuant to proviso 3(ii) above or by Lionbridge or Data
Dimensions pursuant to proviso 4 above and (b) Data Dimensions' board of
directors shall have not recommended to its stockholders to vote in favor of
approval of the merger, then Data Dimensions shall pay to Lionbridge a
termination fee of $600,000.
Data Dimensions must also pay a $600,000
termination fee to Lionbridge if (x) either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions
terminates the agreement and plan of reorganization pursuant to proviso 4 above
or if Data Dimensions terminates pursuant to proviso 3(ii) above and (y) Data
Dimensions consummates an acquisition with a party other than Lionbridge at any
time on or prior to the nine-month anniversary of the termination of the
agreement and plan of reorganization.
If Lionbridge terminates the agreement
and plan of reorganization pursuant to proviso 2 above, Data Dimensions shall
also pay a $600,000 termination fee to Lionbridge.
If Data Dimensions
terminates the agreement and plan of reorganization pursuant to proviso 3(i)
above, then Lionbridge shall pay a $600,000 termination fee to Data Dimensions.

   
Except as described in the following sentence, whether or not the merger is
consummated, all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization will be paid by the party
incurring the expenses.
Lionbridge will pay all expenses incurred in relation
to the printing of this proxy statement/prospectus.


Amendment and Waiver

   Generally, the boards of directors of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions may
amend the agreement and plan of reorganization at any time prior to the
effective time.
However, after the stockholders of Data Dimensions approve the
merger, any amendment will be restricted by the Delaware general corporation
law.
Amendments must be in writing and signed by all parties.

                             
THE VOTING AGREEMENTS

   
The following is a brief summary of the material provisions of the voting
agreements, a copy of the form of which is attached as Annex B to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this summary.
The
summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
form of the voting agreement.

   
In connection with the execution of the agreement and plan of
reorganization, Lionbridge entered into voting agreements with all of the
directors, executive officers, affiliates and 10% stockholders of Data
Dimensions.
These stockholders beneficially own 2,571,020 shares of Data
Dimensions common stock representing approximately 18.9% of the outstanding
capital stock of Data Dimensions as of March 8, 2001.
Each signing stockholder
has agreed to vote all shares of Data Dimensions common stock held by the
stockholder in favor of approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement
and plan of reorganization and has agreed to grant Lionbridge an irrevocable
proxy to vote the stockholder's shares in favor of approval and adoption of
the merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization.
The voting agreements
further require that each signing stockholder will not, nor permit any entity
under the stockholder's control to, deposit any of the stockholder's shares in
a voting trust or subject any of the stockholder's shares to any arrangement
with respect to the voting of the shares inconsistent with the voting
agreement.
The signing stockholders also have agreed not to transfer any of
their shares, or make any offer or agreement relating to any transfer of the
shares, at any time prior to the expiration of the voting agreement.
The
general effect of the voting agreements is to increase the likelihood that
Data Dimensions stockholder approval will be obtained and possibly discourage
third parties who are interested in acquiring a significant ownership interest
in Data Dimensions.
The voting agreements will terminate upon the earliest to
occur of (1) the effective time of the merger, (2) the date of any termination
of the agreement and plan of reorganization in accordance with the terms
thereof or (3) the date on which the Data Dimensions board of directors
withdraws its recommendation to the Data Dimensions stockholders to vote in
favor of adoption of the agreement and plan of reorganization and approval of
the merger.

                          
THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

   
The following is a brief summary of the material provisions of the stock
option agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex C to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this summary.
The
summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
stock option agreement.

   
In connection with the execution of the agreement and plan of
reorganization, Data Dimensions entered into a stock option agreement with
Lionbridge as of March 8, 2001.
The stock option agreement grants to
Lionbridge the option to purchase the number of shares of Data Dimensions
common stock equal to 19.9% of the shares of Data Dimensions common stock
issued and outstanding as of the date of the consummation of an acquisition
transaction which triggers Lionbridge's right to exercise the option.
The
option is exercisable for the one-year period following the consummation of an
acquisition of all or a significant part of Data Dimensions' business, assets
or capital stock, whether by merger, consolidation, other business
combination, purchase of assets, tender or exchange offer or otherwise with a
party other than Lionbridge.
The option exercise price is $1.08 per share.

   
The option will terminate and no longer be exercisable upon the earliest to
occur of any of the following:

  .  
the effective time of the merger;

  .  
the termination of the agreement and plan of reorganization (i) by the
     mutual agreement of Lionbridge, Data Dimensions and Diamond Acquisition
     Corp., or (ii) by Data Dimensions as a result of a material breach by
     Lionbridge of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set
     forth in the agreement and plan of reorganization; or

  .  
the nine-month anniversary of any termination of the agreement and plan
     of reorganization, provided that Data Dimensions has not consummated an
     acquisition transaction with a party other than Lionbridge prior to this
     date.

   
At any time after the occurrence of an acquisition transaction that triggers
Lionbridge's right to exercise the option, at the request of Lionbridge or any
owner of shares of Data Dimensions common stock issued pursuant to the option,
Data Dimensions will repurchase the option or any shares issued upon exercise
of the option, as the case may be, at a price per share equal to the difference
between the price per share of Data Dimensions common stock paid to the
stockholders of Data Dimensions (as determined in accordance with the terms of
the stock option agreement) pursuant to the acquisition transaction and the
option exercise price.
In addition, the stock option agreement grants
registration rights to Lionbridge and/or any other owner of shares of Data
Dimensions common stock issued upon exercise of the option with respect to the
shares of Data Dimensions common stock issued or issuable pursuant to the
option.

                           
DESCRIPTION OF LIONBRIDGE

BUSINESS

General

   Lionbridge is a leading provider of globalization services to Global 2000
and emerging companies in industries such as technology, telecommunications,
life sciences, and financial services.
Lionbridge also provides functionality,
compatibility, and logo certification testing services through its global
network of VeriTest labs.
Lionbridge's full suite of services allows its
clients to outsource their critical globalization needs and improve the
quality, consistency, and timeliness of their international offerings.

Lionbridge serves as globalization partner throughout a client's product
development and support lifecycle and offers the following key benefits to its
clients:

   In-Depth Globalization Expertise.
Lionbridge possesses significant
globalization expertise that helps its clients expand internationally.

Lionbridge has linguistic and technical expertise in over 30 languages which
increases the accuracy and efficiency of solutions.
Along with its linguistic
and technical expertise, Lionbridge has the project management expertise to
concurrently handle the localization of product and content in multiple
languages.
Lionbridge is able to apply knowledge learned from localizing
product or content in one language of a given project to the localization of
the product or content in the other languages required for the same project as
well as knowledge from one language to multiple localization projects in the
same language.
Lionbridge has been able to utilize its global expertise from
its client engagements around the world to better serve its clients across all
industries.

   
Leading Globalization Technologies.
Lionbridge is committed to identifying
and developing globalization technologies.
The Lionbridge Globalization
Platform is Lionbridge's proprietary internal workflow and language management
system.
The Lionbridge Globalization Platform is a suite of integrated
technologies used to adapt content to a target locale's technical, linguistic,
and cultural expectations and thereafter manage that content on a real-time
basis.
Lionbridge's expertise also extends to its patented language automation
translation technology.
Through these technologies, it is able to provide
advanced globalization solutions to its clients.

   
Integrated Full-Service Offering.
Lionbridge offers a full suite of
globalization services comprised of strategic consulting, linguistic and
technical implementation, product testing, and ongoing multilingual content
management.
Its enterprise-wide services address the full range of
globalization needs of its clients' customers, suppliers, and employees.
Its
functionality and compatibility testing assure that its clients' products work
as intended and interoperate as required, while its logo certification testing
confirms that independent software vendors' applications properly interact with
those of the platform vendor.
Thus, its end-to-end service offering allows its
clients to work with a single outsource provider, which results in time and
cost savings benefits to its clients.

   
Established Global Presence.
Lionbridge operates 20 localization and testing
centers in eleven countries throughout the world.
Lionbridge believes its
strong geographic coverage allows it to better serve clients on a local basis,
helping to forge strong, long-term client relationships and service the
widespread offices of its clients, their customers and vendors.
In addition to
over 750 consulting and service professionals, Lionbridge maintains a global
network of over 2,500 third-party translators.
This global network of
translators provides it with local-country linguistic and cultural expertise in
many languages and cultures and enables it to handle larger, more complex
engagements.

   
Industry Expertise.
Lionbridge has developed significant globalization
expertise in targeted industries by offering services that accommodate the
various needs of organizations in these industries.
Lionbridge currently
organizes its delivery of services into four primary industry groups:
technology, telecommunications, life sciences and financial services.

Lionbridge leverages its expertise in these industries across the entire
company to provide clients the full value of its expertise.

   
Lionbridge, through its predecessor and current wholly owned subsidiary,
Lionbridge America, Inc., was incorporated in Delaware in September 1996.
Its
principal executive offices are located at 950 Winter Street, Waltham,
Massachusetts 02451, its telephone number is (781) 434-6000, and its Web site
is www.lionbridge.com.


Recent Developments

   In January 2001, Lionbridge acquired Quality Group Labs, Inc., a provider of
testing services based in Massachusetts, for total initial consideration of
approximately $762,000, comprised of $250,000 of cash and 163,874 shares of
Lionbridge common stock valued at $512,000.
The transaction will be accounted
for using the purchase method of accounting.
Lionbridge has the right to
repurchase up to 89,386 shares of the common stock issued as part of the
acquisition at a price of $0.01 per share, dependent on future operating
performance of Quality Group Labs, Inc. through December 31, 2001.


Lionbridge Services

   Lionbridge provides a full suite of globalization services to businesses to
improve the quality, consistency, and timeliness of their international product
releases, technical support, training materials, and sales and marketing
information.
Its globalization services consist of the following:

   Strategic Consulting Services.
Lionbridge provides strategic globalization
consulting services throughout the client's product life cycle which are geared
towards making the client and their globalization activities more successful.

These service include:

  .  
Web Globalization Audits.
Lionbridge analyzes Web site infrastructure,
     design, and content with respect to issues ranging from cultural
     appropriateness to localization of content;

  .  
Authoring and Design.
Lionbridge assists clients in writing the copy for
     and the design of product packaging and user manuals, which enables more
     efficient downstream localization activities by controlling initial
     content development;

  .  
Content Design.
Lionbridge enables clients to properly design their
     content repositories in order to facilitate translation into multiple
     languages as well as multiple delivery options;

  .  
Global Identity Consulting.
Lionbridge provides analysis and assistance
     on the cultural fit of product naming and identity in a particular
     country; and

  .  
ChinaConnect.
Lionbridge's ChinaConnect consulting services range from
     content identification through development and deployment of
     multilingual Web sites.
Its services generally focus on those China- or
     Taiwan-based clients who are creating their initial Web sites as a means
     to attract customers who may not speak their local languages.
Therefore,
     ChinaConnect also has a large linguistic and technical implementation
     component in addition to strategic consulting.

   
Linguistic and Technical Implementation Services.
Lionbridge provides the
following linguistic and technical implementation services:

  .  
Localization.
Lionbridge creates foreign language versions of its
     clients' products, content, and software applications, including the
     user interface, on-line help systems, documentation, technical support
     databases, training materials, and sales and marketing information.
     
Lionbridge provides its clients with re-engineered, fully tested, and
     culturally adapted multilingual versions of their products and
     applications.
Lionbridge uses a combination of internal and external
     translators, as well as translation software, for its localization
     services.
Lionbridge has approximately 125 translators and editors who
     are employees and established relationships with a global network of
     over 2,500 third-party, local-country translators, including independent
     agencies and freelance professionals.
Lionbridge also uses translation
     memory software to identify previously translated material for re-use.
     
Its Rapid Globalization Methodology standardizes processes, defines key
     activities, and specifies

     goals for each localization project enabling it to deliver high quality,
     localized versions of products and related materials across multiple
     languages and cultures in a timely fashion.

  .  
Internationalization.
Lionbridge provides source code analysis and
     engineering services that enable software and Web application source
     code to be compatible with country-specific operating systems and
     localized software.
Internationalization services are particularly
     critical when working with non-Roman languages such as in Asia and the
     Middle East.
Internationalization may include re-engineering source code
     through a complex and highly specialized process to support the "double
     byte" character set requirements of the Japanese, Chinese and Korean
     languages, solving display issues for bi-directional languages such as
     Arabic or Hebrew, or making software compliant with the Unicode
     standard, which is a global standard for representing dozens of
     languages.

  .  
Multilingual Technical Publishing  Lionbridge localizes user manuals,
     marketing and training materials and other product support information
     using a variety of desktop publishing and graphics software.
Using its
     proprietary workflow technology included in the Lionbridge Globalization
     Platform, multiple language versions are simultaneously delivered to its
     clients in formats ready for printing or Internet delivery.

   
Comprehensive Testing Services.
As products are deployed throughout the
world, localized platforms can add complexity not existing in the originating
version.
Lionbridge tests not only hardware and software products, but also
Web sites.
Through its VeriTest division and its global network of labs,
Lionbridge provides the following product testing services:

  .  
Functionality Testing.
Lionbridge provides functionality and stress
     testing of its clients' products.
Early in product development cycles,
     Lionbridge can assist software developers with compatibility or
     functional testing, assuring that the product works as intended and
     interoperates as required.
In addition, as many of Lionbridge's clients
     across all industries deploy Web sites, there may be uncertainty
     understanding how much volume these Web sites can accommodate.
     
Lionbridge's worldwide infrastructure enables it to provide real world
     concurrent testing from multiple locations to test the capabilities of a
     specific site under a number of scenarios.

  .  
Multilingual Product Testing.
Lionbridge provides localization testing,
     and software, hardware, and telecommunications internationalization
     testing, through its global network of VeriTest labs.
Localization
     testing provides an opportunity to uncover errors that may result during
     the localization process before the product is placed into production
     and into the hands of end users.
The goal of localization testing is to
     ensure that local language versions of the product perform consistently
     with the source language version.
Internationalization testing is
     necessary to ensure that localized products function properly in the
     local hardware and software environment, including local operating
     systems, peripheral devices, and networking and communication standards.

  .  
Logo Certification.
Lionbridge, under its VeriTest brand, provides logo
     certification programs for many leading software companies, including
     Autodesk, BMC Software, Microsoft and Oracle.
These sponsoring companies
     retain Lionbridge to develop and administer test criteria that
     independent software vendors must satisfy before they may display the
     sponsor's logo (such as Microsoft's Certified for Windows 2000) on their
     products.
These certification tests confirm that independent software
     vendors' applications properly interact with those of the platform
     vendor.
The logo is an indication to consumers of software quality and
     compatibility.
Other Lionbridge logo programs include |Built with Object
     ARX (Autodesk), BMC Certified for Patrol, Designed for Microsoft Windows
     NT and Windows 98, and Oracle E-certified Warehouse.

   
Multilingual Content Management Services.
Lionbridge provides multilingual
content management services which consist of the continuous updating and other
ongoing management of its clients' localized software products and
multilingual Web content.
By utilizing its proprietary technology and
integrating its processes and infrastructure with its clients' content
management processes and technology, Lionbridge is able to manage the
localization process in a semi-automated manner for large volumes of content.

Lionbridge's

multilingual content management services range from the localization of
streaming content and rolling software product releases to the continuous
updating of business information and other localized database content.
Examples
of client content requiring these types of globalization services include: a
continuously updating on-line support site maintained in multiple languages; a
learning program which is constantly updated to reflect the latest products and
terminology; a marketing product database which is constantly evolving; and an
e-commerce site with rapidly changing products.

   
As corporate Web sites become an integrated global resource, Lionbridge's
clients are increasingly using the Internet to deliver products, technical
support, training materials, and sales and marketing information.
Its
globalization services help its clients maintain the quality and consistency of
their Web-based products and content in multiple languages and cultures.

Lionbridge's globalization service offerings support its clients' Web-based
initiatives in the following ways:

  .  
eRelease.
With the emergence of the Internet, its software clients are
     redesigning their products as Web components and applications, then
     releasing them and providing continuous updates over the Internet.
     
Lionbridge provides the methodology and workflow systems to support
     continuous release of multilingual products and updates via the Web.

  .  
eSupport.
Lionbridge offers localization and maintenance of technical
     support Web sites, including frequently asked questions, product
     specifications, white papers, and technical support databases.
As its
     clients continuously update this Web-based information, Lionbridge
     automatically updates the multilingual versions as well.
Lionbridge has
     also begun to assist its clients in providing local language responses
     to technical support questions through e-mail.

  .  
eLearning.
Lionbridge's multilingual eLearning services enable its
     clients to provide updated training materials on the Web in multiple
     languages and culturally appropriate formats as they move from
     instructor-led classroom training to Internet distance learning.

  .  
eCommerce.
Lionbridge localizes Web-deployed products and information
     including sales and marketing materials, analyst reports, and on-line
     retail catalogs.
Its services support continuous updates and revisions
     to these materials.

   
For more information, see Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements of Lionbridge included in this proxy statement/prospectus for
financial information relating to Lionbridge's operating segments and
geographic areas of operation.


Sales and Marketing

   Substantially all of Lionbridge's revenue has been generated through its
dedicated direct sales force.
Lionbridge currently has more than 50 direct
sales professionals based in the United States, Europe and Asia who sell the
full range of Lionbridge globalization services.
Its sales approach is highly
consultative and often involves planning for an organization's ongoing
requirements, including future versions of products, and ongoing support,
maintenance, and training, related to both traditional and Web deployment.

There are often several different functional areas within the same organization
that require one or more of its services.
Many of its clients do not coordinate
these purchases but buy these services at the department head level.
As a
result, its sales professionals may call on several functional departments and
at various management levels within the same client organization.

   
Lionbridge's marketing efforts are designed to create brand recognition and
demand for Lionbridge services throughout the world.
Marketing programs include
targeted industry and solution-specific advertising campaigns, trade show
participation, speaking engagements, and promotion of customer success stories.

Lionbridge plans to continue to expand its sales and marketing activities.


Clients

   Lionbridge clients are generally Global 2000 and emerging companies in the
technology, telecommunications, life sciences and financial services
industries.
During the year ended December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had provided
services to more than 500 clients worldwide.
The following companies are
representative Lionbridge clients, each of whom had purchased more than
$1,000,000 in services from it in the year ended December 31, 2000:

      3 Com                     Informix                          Page Factory
      Cisco Systems             Intel                             Parametric Technology
      Cognos                    Microsoft                         Rational Software
      Hewlett Packard           Nortel Networks                   SAP
      Hyperion                  Novell                             Schneider Automation
      IBM

   In 2000, Lionbridge's largest client accounted for approximately 9% of total
revenue.
In 2000, 1999 and 1998, its five largest clients accounted for
approximately 33%, 29% and 32%, respectively, of revenue.


Competition

   Lionbridge provides a broad range of globalization and multilingual Internet
service offerings to its clients.
The market for its services is highly
fragmented, and it has many competitors.
Lionbridge's current competitors
include the following:

  .  
Localization or translation services providers such as Berlitz
     International, Bowne & Co., SDL Limited and regional vendors of
     translation services specializing in specific languages in particular
     geographic areas.
More recently, companies which provide tool subsets or
     specific services have entered the market, including eTranslate, Idiom,
     Uniscape, and others;

  .  
Independent testing labs providing testing and logo certification
     services such as National Software Testing Laboratories (a division of
     CMP Media), and Keylabs (a subsidiary of Exodus Communications); and

  .  
Internal localization departments of Global 2000 and large emerging
     companies.

   
Lionbridge may also face competition from a number of other companies in the
future, including some companies that currently seek localization services from
it.
As businesses shift from telephonic support centers to Web-based support,
technical support call centers and others that currently provide traditional
outsourcing services may decide to provide comparable globalization services
over the Internet.
Other potential entrants into Lionbridge's market include
Web consulting companies who are being asked by their customers to assist them
with international Web deployments.
Currently, these companies are often
requesting localization assistance from Lionbridge.
Over time, however, they
may determine to expand into localization to directly serve their customers'
requirements.
Additionally, as hosting companies expand internationally and
require localization of the content they host, these companies may expand to
provide localization services themselves.
As content management providers are
brought international by their customers, they will be required to assist their
customers with maintaining a multilingual database.
While today they are often
working with us to assist in meeting their customers' needs, it is possible
that over time they will expand into offering competitive services.

   
There are relatively few barriers preventing companies from competing with
Lionbridge.
Its technology does not preclude or inhibit others from entering
its market.
As a result, new market entrants pose a threat to its business.

While Lionbridge presently uses translation memory software licensed from third
parties in its localization process, and to a lesser extent machine translation
software also licensed from third parties, these technologies may improve and
become sophisticated enough to compete with its localization service offering.

   
Lionbridge believes the principal competitive factors in providing its
services include project management expertise, quality and speed of service
delivery, vertical industry expertise, the ability to provide clients end-to-
end globalization solutions, expertise and presence in certain geographic
areas, corporate reputation, and expertise in Internet-related services.

Lionbridge believes it has competed favorably with respect to these factors and
has developed a strong reputation in its industry.
However, it cannot assure
you that it will be able to do so in the future.


Intellectual Property Rights

   Lionbridge's success is dependent, in part, upon its proprietary Rapid
Globalization Methodology, its Lionbridge Globalization Platform connectivity,
workflow, language automation, and portal technologies, and other intellectual
property rights.
Lionbridge has patents or patent applications pending relating
to its language automation translation memory engine.
Lionbridge relies on a
combination of trade secret, nondisclosure and other contractual agreements,
and copyright and trademark laws to protect its intellectual property rights.

Existing trade secret and copyright laws afford it only limited protection.

Lionbridge enters into confidentiality agreements with its employees, require
that its outside consultants and generally its clients enter into these
agreements, and limits access to and distribution of its proprietary
information.
Lionbridge cannot assure you that these arrangements will be
adequate to deter misappropriation of its proprietary information or that it
will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce
its intellectual property rights.


Human Resources

   As of December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had 1,062 employees.
Of these, 750 were
consulting and service delivery professionals and 312 were management and
administrative personnel performing marketing, sales, operations, process and
technology, research and development, finance, accounting, and administrative
functions.

   
Lionbridge has been successful in hiring individuals with leading-edge
technical skills and project management experience.
In addition, Lionbridge is
committed to employee training and retention.
Lionbridge has a dedicated
knowledge management team that initiates and oversees the training and
development of Lionbridge consulting and service delivery professionals.
Key
organizational development initiatives include ongoing technical and project
management classes as well as career path management and guidance.
Lionbridge
plans to continue to invest in attracting qualified employees.

   
Most employees are eligible to participate in its stock option program,
under which it makes annual grants in varying amounts to its employees based
upon their position and individual contribution to the company.
Additionally,
substantially all of its employees are eligible to participate in its employee
stock purchase program.

   
Lionbridge's employees in Paris, France are represented by a labor union,
and it has works councils in The Netherlands and Germany.
Lionbridge has never
experienced a work stoppage.
Lionbridge believes that its employee relations
are good.


Properties

   Lionbridge maintains offices in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Ireland,
France, Germany, The Netherlands, China, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea.

Lionbridge maintains sales offices in Charlotte, North Carolina and the
metropolitan areas of Albuquerque, Chicago, Seattle, Houston, Los Angeles, San
Francisco and New York in the United States; Dublin, Ireland; Paris, France;
Rendsburg and Hamburg, Germany; Beijing, China; and Tokyo, Japan.

   
Lionbridge's headquarters and principal administrative, finance, legal, and
marketing operations are located in leased office space in Waltham,
Massachusetts.
Lionbridge's lease is for a term of 3 years and expires on

August 1, 2002.
Lionbridge maintains a facility in metropolitan Dublin, Ireland
and leases three floors under three separate leases expiring between September
14, 2025 and March 1, 2026.
Lionbridge also maintains an operations center in
Framingham, Massachusetts under a lease with a 6-year term that expires in
February 2002.
Lionbridge expects that it will need additional space as its
business expands and believe that it will be able to obtain additional space as
needed on commercially reasonable terms.


Legal Proceedings

   Lionbridge is not a party to any material legal proceedings.


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

   
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements which involve
risks and uncertainties.
Lionbridge makes these forward-looking statements
under the provision of the "Safe Harbor" section of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Any forward-looking statements should be
considered in light of the factors described in this proxy
statement/prospectus.
For more information, see "Risk Factors."
Actual results
may vary materially from those projected, anticipated or indicated in any
forward-looking statements.
In this Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the words "anticipates,"
"believes," "expects," "intends," "future," "could," and similar words or
expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events,
conditions, or circumstances) identify forward-looking statements.
The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with "Selected
Consolidated Financial Data of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions" and the
consolidated historical financial statements and related notes thereto, of
Lionbridge presented in this proxy statement/prospectus.
For more information,
see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 105.


Overview

   Lionbridge provides globalization services to Global 2000 and emerging
companies.
Founded in 1996, Lionbridge has clients in industries such as
technology, telecommunications, life sciences, and financial services.

Lionbridge services include strategic consulting, linguistic and technical
implementation, product testing, and multilingual content management.

Lionbridge manages some of its services under the VeriTest brand for functional
and logo certification testing, the Harvard Translations brand for specialty
translation and print/Web publishing services for the financial services and
life sciences industries, and the ChinaConnect brand for Web integration
services applicable to the Chinese-speaking market.

   
Lionbridge's revenue is derived from project-by-project fees and, to a
lesser extent, long-term service agreements.
Projects are generally billed on a
time and expense basis, and long-term service agreements are generally billed
on the basis of minimum volume commitments.
Revenue is recognized using the
percentage-of-completion method of accounting, based on all costs incurred to
date as a percentage of management's estimate of total costs of individual
projects.
The agreements entered into in connection with projects are generally
terminable by clients upon 30 days' prior written notice.
If a client
terminates an agreement, it is required to pay Lionbridge for time and expenses
incurred through the termination date.
If clients terminate existing projects
or if Lionbridge is unable to enter into new engagements, its financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

   
Lionbridge has experienced operating losses, as well as net losses, for each
year of its operations as an independent company and, as of December 31, 2000,
had an accumulated deficit of $79.3 million.


Acquisitions

   Lionbridge has grown its business through a combination of acquisitions and
organic growth.
Such acquisitions through December 31, 2000 have resulted in
the cumulative recognition of approximately $31.8 million of goodwill and other
intangible assets on its balance sheet, which are generally being amortized
over five years.

   
In May 2000, Lionbridge acquired Harvard Translations, Inc., a company based
in Massachusetts, by means of a merger.
Upon the effective date of the merger,
each outstanding share of Harvard Translations common stock was converted into
the right to receive 3.8864 shares of Lionbridge common stock.
In addition,
long-term debt of Harvard Translations payable to its former sole stockholder
in the amount of approximately $203,000 and all accrued interest thereon was
paid in full by the issuance of 13,820 shares of Lionbridge common stock.
As a
result of the merger, Lionbridge issued an aggregate of 285,865 shares of
Lionbridge common stock.
Upon the completion of the acquisition, all
outstanding options to purchase common stock of

Harvard Translations were assumed by Lionbridge and converted into options to
purchase common stock of Lionbridge under similar terms.
The transaction was
accounted for using the pooling-of-interests method of accounting.

   
In May 2000, Lionbridge acquired INT'L.com, Inc., a company based in
Massachusetts, by means of a merger.
Upon the effective date of the merger, (i)
each outstanding share of INT'L.com Series A common stock, Series B common
stock, Series A preferred stock and Series B preferred stock was converted into
the right to receive 0.7567 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (ii) each
outstanding share of INT'L.com Series C preferred stock was converted into the
right to receive 5.4590 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (iii) each
outstanding share of INT'L.com Series D preferred stock was converted into the
right to receive 0.5472 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (iv) the $2.0
million of INT'L.com convertible debt and all accrued interest thereon was paid
in full and cancelled in exchange for 109,158 shares of Lionbridge common
stock, and (v) the $5.0 million of INT'L.com subordinated debt and all accrued
interest thereon was paid in full and cancelled in exchange for 258,360 shares
of Lionbridge common stock.
As a result of the merger, Lionbridge issued an
aggregate of 8,302,960 shares of common stock.
Upon the completion of the
acquisition, all outstanding options to purchase common stock of INT'L.com were
assumed by Lionbridge and converted into options to purchase common stock of
Lionbridge under similar terms.
The transaction was accounted for using the
pooling-of-interests method of accounting.

   
The financial information presented below reflects the combined financial
position, operating results and cash flows of Lionbridge, Harvard Translations
and INT'L.com and their subsidiaries as if they had been combined for all
periods presented.

   
In 1996, Lionbridge acquired the localization businesses of Stream
International in Ireland, The Netherlands, and France.
Lionbridge acquired
these businesses on December 23, 1996 for $11.3 million in cash and the
assumption of $100,000 of liabilities.
Lionbridge's acquisition of the
businesses was recorded as though the purchase had occurred on December 31,
1996, as the results of operations and changes in financial position between
the actual date of the purchase and this date were immaterial.
The acquisition
was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
In connection with
this acquisition, Lionbridge recorded $9.2 million of goodwill, which is being
amortized over five years.
Additionally, during 1997, Lionbridge renegotiated
an earlier agreement with Stream International and purchased assets from three
subsidiaries of Stream International which represented the localization
businesses of Stream International in Japan, China, South Korea and Taiwan.

Lionbridge paid approximately $100,000 in cash and assumed liabilities of
$317,000 in exchange for these assets.

   
In June 1998, Lionbridge entered into an agreement with Stream International
settling outstanding intercompany balances as well as claims that it had made
that Stream International had breached some of the representations, warranties
and covenants that it had made in connection with its acquisition of the
European businesses.
Under the terms of the settlement agreement, Lionbridge's
purchase price for the European business was reduced by $531,000.

   
In January 1998, Lionbridge acquired Japanese Language Services, Inc.
("JLS"), a company specializing in Japanese localization services with
operations in the United States and Japan, for total initial consideration of
$2.3 million consisting of cash of $2.2 million and 286,959 shares of common
stock valued at $86,000.
Subsequent to the acquisition date, Lionbridge paid a
further $449,000 and issued 24,268 shares of common stock, valued at
approximately $35,000, in connection with the purchase.
The acquisition was
accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
In connection with this
acquisition, Lionbridge has recorded $2.8 million of goodwill, which is being
amortized over five years.

   
In April 1998, Lionbridge acquired the business and assets of the Monterey,
California-based localization services division of Lucent Technologies, Inc.
for $1.0 million in cash.
In connection with this acquisition, Lionbridge
recorded $470,000 of goodwill, which is being amortized over five years.

   
In May 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, acquired all
of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Sprache und Dokumentation GmbH
("S&D"), a company based in Germany, for total consideration of $512,000,
consisting of cash of $200,000 and 72,575 shares of common stock valued at
$312,000.
The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.
In connection with this acquisition, $589,000 of goodwill was
recorded, which is being amortized over five years.

   
In August 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, acquired
Direct Language Communications, Inc.
("DLC"), a company based in California,
for total consideration of approximately $3.2 million, consisting of 666,165
shares of common stock valued at $511,000, 867,047 shares of Series A
convertible preferred stock valued at $1.8 million and 228,467 shares of Series
B redeemable convertible preferred stock valued at $850,000.
The acquisition
was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
In connection with
this acquisition, $2.2 million of goodwill was recorded, which is being
amortized over five years.
In addition, warrants to purchase shares of DLC
common stock were exchanged for warrants to purchase 206,998 shares of
Lionbridge's common stock under similar terms.
Warrants to purchase 10,170
shares of common stock were issued with an exercise price of $4.92 per share.

Additionally, warrants to purchase 196,828 shares of common stock were issued
with an exercise price of $1.43 per share.
These warrants were exercised in
full in May 2000.

   
In January 1999, Lionbridge acquired all of the stock of VeriTest, Inc.
("VeriTest"), a California-based provider of contract and logo certification
testing services.
Lionbridge paid $3.3 million in cash and issued notes
totaling $750,000 and 66,668 shares of its common stock valued at $344,000.

Subsequent to the acquisition date, pursuant to terms of the original
agreement, Lionbridge paid a further $900,000 in cash in connection with the
purchase.
The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.
In connection with this acquisition, Lionbridge has recorded $4.1
million of goodwill, which is being amortized over five years.

   
In April 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, acquired
International Language Engineering Corporation ("ILE"), a company based in
Colorado with additional operations in The Netherlands, for total consideration
of $9.2 million, consisting of 1,983,017 shares of common stock valued at $3.4
million and 936,991 shares of Series D redeemable preferred stock valued at
$5.8 million.
In addition, long-term debt of ILE in the amount of $3.3 million
was assumed.
Upon the completion of the acquisition, all outstanding options to
purchase common stock of ILE were exchanged for options to purchase common
stock of INT'L.com under similar terms.
The transaction was accounted for using
the purchase method of accounting.
In connection with this acquisition, $7.9
million of goodwill was recorded, which is being amortized over five years.

   
At December 31, 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, had a
32.8% equity investment in Motus!, a French-based provider of localization and
translation services.
This investment was accounted for using the equity
method, under which Lionbridge recorded its proportionate share of the (income)
loss of Motus!
as other (income) expense, net.
On September 30, 1999, INT'L.com
acquired the remaining shares of common stock of Motus!
for $124,000 in cash
and options to purchase 4,540 shares of common stock of INT'L.com valued at
$20,000.
The transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.
Goodwill of $217,000 was recorded in connection with this
acquisition, which is being amortized over five years.

   
In January 2000, Lionbridge acquired certain assets and operations of the
language services operation of Nortel Networks Corporation ("Nortel") in
Montreal and Ottawa, Canada; Beijing, China; Sao Paulo, Brazil;
Sunrise,
Florida; and Bogota, Colombia for total initial consideration of $2.5 million
in cash.
In connection with the acquisition, Nortel awarded a preferred vendor
designation to Lionbridge as part of a three-year services agreement.
The
purchase agreement provides for certain contingent payments to be made by
Lionbridge during the first three years of the services agreement, dependent on
the level of revenues generated under the services agreement during those
periods.
No such contingent payments are due for the first year of the services
agreement.
Lionbridge recorded $323,000 of goodwill related to this
acquisition, not including any

additional amounts that may be paid in the future, which is being amortized
over five years.
The purchase was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.

   
Lionbridge believes its acquisitions contributed to its growth by rapidly
expanding its employee base, geographic coverage, client base, industry
expertise, and technical skills.
Lionbridge anticipates that a material portion
of its future growth will be accomplished by acquiring existing businesses.
The
success of this plan depends upon, among other things, its ability to integrate
acquired personnel, operations, products, and technologies into its
organization effectively; to retain and motivate key personnel of acquired
businesses; and to retain customers of acquired firms.
Lionbridge cannot
guarantee that it will be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities,
obtain any necessary financing on acceptable terms to finance any acquisitions,
consummate any acquisitions, or successfully integrate acquired personnel and
operations.


Non-Cash Charges

 Deferred Compensation

   Lionbridge recorded deferred compensation of approximately $3.8 million in
1999, representing the difference between the exercise price of stock options
granted to employees and the fair market value for accounting purposes of the
underlying common stock at the date of the grant.
The deferred compensation is
being amortized over the four-year vesting period of the applicable options.
Of
the total deferred compensation amount, $1.5 million had been amortized and
$584,000 had been reversed due to forfeitures of the underlying options at
December 31, 2000.
The amortization of deferred compensation is recorded as an
operating expense and totaled $799,000 and $730,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Lionbridge currently expects to
amortize the following remaining amounts of deferred compensation as of
December 31, 2000 in the fiscal periods ending:

      December 31, 2001................................................ $756,000
      December 31, 2002................................................ $756,000
      December 31, 2003................................................ $178,000

 Original Issue Discount on Debt

   Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 includes
approximately $212,000 and $42,000, respectively, for the accretion of the
original issue discount on $2.0 million of convertible promissory notes issued
in August 1999 by Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com.
This
discount represents the $254,000 value attributable to warrants to purchase
56,753 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of $1.45 per share, granted
in connection with these notes.
These warrants were fully exercised in May 2000
in connection with its merger with INT'L.com.

   
Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 1999 includes approximately
$6.0 million for the accretion of the original issue discount on $12.0 million
of subordinated notes issued in the first quarter of 1999.
This discount
represents the $6.0 million value attributable to detachable warrants to
purchase 1,533,260 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of $0.015 per
share, granted in connection with this debt financing.
As Lionbridge was
previously required to repay the subordinated notes in full upon the closing of
its initial public offering, it recorded the expense of this discount on a
straight-line basis over a six-month period from date of debt issuance to the
date by which it expected the initial public offering to occur.
Pursuant to an
amendment of the debt agreements effective August 19, 1999, Lionbridge was
required to redeem only $6.0 million of the subordinated notes upon the closing
of its initial public offering of securities on August 25, 1999.


Results of Operations

   The following table sets forth certain consolidated financial data as a
percentage of total revenues.

                                                        
Year Ended December
                                                                31,
                                                        ---------------------
                                                         2000    1999   1998
                                                        ------  
------  -----

   Revenue.............................................  
100.0%  100.0% 100.0%
   Cost of revenue.....................................   63.2    70.6   66.7
                                                        ------  ------  
-----
     Gross profit......................................   36.8    29.4   33.3
                                                        ------  ------  
-----
   Operating expenses:
     Sales and marketing...............................    9.9    11.4    8.5
     General and administrative........................   28.8    33.0   27.5
     Research and development..........................    
2.2     2.5    0.4
     Amortization of acquisition-related intangible
      assets...........................................    5.6     6.9    4.1
     Merger, restructuring and other charges...........    3.7     1.3    0.8
     Acquired in-process research and development......    --      0.3    --
     Stock-based compensation..........................    0.7     0.8    --
                                                        ------  ------  
-----
       Total operating expenses........................   50.9    56.2   41.3
                                                        ------  ------  
-----
   Loss from operations................................  (14.1)  (26.8)  (8.0)
   Interest expense:
     Interest on outstanding debt......................    2.2     2.7    1.4
     Accretion of discount on debt.....................    0.2     6.7    --
   Other (income) expense, net.........................    0.6     0.4   (0.1)
                                                        ------  ------  
-----
   Loss before income taxes............................  (17.1)  (36.6)  (9.3)
   
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes...........    0.5     0.8   (0.5)
                                                        ------  ------  
-----
   Net loss............................................
(17.6)% (37.4)% (8.8)%
                                                        ======  ======  =====

Year Ended December 31, 2000 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1999

   Revenue.
In 2000, revenue increased 29.7% to $115.1 million from $88.8
million in 1999.
This increase results from both an increase in the number of
customers as well as an increase in project size during 2000 as compared to
1999.
Additionally, results for 2000 reflected revenue derived from the
operations acquired from Nortel in January 2000 which accounted for $6.4
million of the increase as well as the operations of ILE which were only
included in 1999 for nine months.

   
Cost of Revenue.
Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses incurred for
translation services provided by third parties as well as salaries and
associated employee benefits for personnel related to client projects.
As a
percentage of revenue, cost of revenue was 63.2% in 2000, a decrease of 7.4%
from the 70.6% level of 1999.
These decreases are primarily attributable to
decreased outsourcing costs as INT'L.com adopted the Lionbridge outsourcing
pricing structure in the second half of 2000 as well as a reduction in the
internal cost of sales due to the consolidation of certain offices in 2000.

   
Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
salaries, commissions and associated employee benefits, travel expenses of
sales and marketing personnel, and promotional expenses.
Sales and marketing
costs increased 12.3% to $11.4 million in 2000 from $10.1 million in 1999.
This
increase was primarily due to expenses associated with the hiring of seven
additional direct sales personnel in 2000.
As a percentage of revenue, sales
and marketing expenses decreased to 9.9% from 11.4% during 2000 as a result of
the rate of revenue growth during the year exceeding the corresponding rate of
increase in sales and marketing expense.
Sales and marketing expenses are
expected to continue to increase in absolute dollars as Lionbridge continues to
expand its marketing programs.

   
General and Administrative.  
General and administrative expenses consist of
salaries of the management, purchasing, process and technology, finance and
administrative groups, and associated employee benefits; facilities costs,
including related depreciation and amortization; information systems costs;
professional fees; travel; and all other site and corporate costs.
General and
administrative costs increased 13.4% to $33.1 million in 2000 from $29.2
million in 1999, partially as a result of the acquisition of the Nortel
operations in January 2000 and the full-year impact of the acquisition of ILE
in the second quarter of 1999.
Also contributing to the increase are higher
depreciation expense, the full-year impact of expenses related to being a
publicly traded company and costs associated with an increased number of
employees.
As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses were
28.8% in 2000 compared to 33.0% in 1999.

   
Research and Development.
Research and development expenses relate to
Foreign Desk(R) and LionTrack(R), Lionbridge's proprietary translation memory
and internal workflow systems which are components of the Lionbridge
Globalization Platform, and include salaries and associated employee benefits,
equipment depreciation and third-party contractor expenses.
Research and
development expense increased 13.6% to $2.5 million in 2000 from $2.2 million
in 1999.
This increase reflects the full-year impact of LionTrack development
efforts which commenced during the first quarter of 1999.

   
Merger, Restructuring and Other Charges.
Merger costs for the year ended
December 31, 2000 of $2.5 million consist of fees for investment banking, legal
and accounting services and other direct costs incurred in connection with
Lionbridge's mergers with Harvard Translations and INT'L.com.

   
Restructuring charges of $915,000 recorded in the year ended December 31,
2000 relate to (i) the costs of closing facilities in the United States, France
and The Netherlands as a result of the merger with INT'L.com, consisting
primarily of accruals for lease payments on vacant office space, and (ii) costs
associated with workforce reductions in Canada, the United States and France,
consisting of six technical staff and three administrative staff.
All employees
had been informed of their termination and related benefits in the period that
the charge was recorded.
The restructuring charges are presented net of a
$162,000 reversal of charge recorded in the second quarter of 2000 due to
subsequent events which have reduced the potential loss on vacant office space.

At the time of the charges, Lionbridge did not anticipate any significant net
impact on operating results from these restructuring actions.

   
Impairment charges for long-lived assets of $886,000 were recorded in 2000
and consist primarily of the write-off of previously capitalized software
licenses that were abandoned as a result of Lionbridge's merger with INT'L.com.

At December 31, 2000 accruals totaling $394,000 related to restructuring
charges remained on the consolidated balance sheet in other accrued expenses;
no accruals remained for merger costs.

   
Restructuring charges of $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999
consisted of restructuring charges related to workforce reductions in
INT'L.com's United States operating sites, consisting of 36 technical staff, 14
administrative staff and four sales staff.

   
Amortization of Acquisition-related Intangible Assets.
Amortization of
acquisition-related intangible assets consists of amortization of goodwill and
other intangible assets resulting from acquired businesses.
Amortization
increased 6.4% to $6.5 million in 2000 from $6.1 million in 1999.
This increase
is primarily attributable to the amortization of goodwill and other intangible
assets recognized on the acquisition of the Nortel language services operations
in 2000 as well as the full-year impact of ILE which was only acquired in the
second quarter of 1999.

   
Interest Expense.
Interest expense represents interest paid or payable on
debt and the accretion of original issue discount on subordinated notes with
detachable warrants.
Interest expense decreased to $2.7 million in 2000 from
$8.4 million in 1999.
This decrease was principally due to a decrease in the
accretion of the original issue discount on notes issued in 1999 to $212,000
from $6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

   
Other (Income) Expense, Net.
Other (income) expense, net consists primarily
of foreign currency translation gains or losses arising from exchange rate
fluctuations on transactions denominated in currencies other than the local
currencies of the countries in which the transactions are recorded.
As a
percentage of revenue, other (income) expense, net, increased to 0.6% from 0.4%
for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Other (income)
expense, net increased 103.4% to $714,000 in 2000 from $351,000 in 1999.

   
Provision for Income Taxes.
The provision for income taxes for the years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 represents taxes generated in foreign
jurisdictions.
Of the provision amounts booked for 2000 and 1999, $143,000 and
$519,000, respectively, represent noncash expenses resulting from utilizations
of net operating loss carryforwards.
The benefit from Lionbridge's utilization
of net operating loss carryforwards in certain European countries during these
periods was recorded as a reduction of goodwill, rather than a tax provision
benefit, since the deferred tax assets associated with these carryforwards had
been fully reserved at the time it acquired Stream's localization businesses.

Lionbridge recorded no tax benefit for losses generated in other jurisdictions
during these periods due to the uncertainty of realizing any benefit.


Year Ended December 31, 1999
Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1998

   Revenue.
In 1999, revenue increased 48.5% to $88.8 million from $59.8
million in 1998.
This increase results from both an increase in number of
clients as well as an increase in project size.
Additionally, the 1999 results
reflect the impact of the VeriTest and ILE acquisitions, which accounted for
approximately $5.7 million and $13.0 million of revenue in 1999, respectively.

   Cost of Revenue.
As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue was 70.6% in
1999, compared to the 1998 level of 66.7%, primarily due to the increased
compensation and other costs associated with the increase in the employee base
as a result of acquisitions completed during the year.
The fixed cost of
revenue as a percentage of revenue was impacted in fiscal 1999 compared to
fiscal 1998 by the acquisition in January 1999 of VeriTest, which had a higher
ratio of fixed costs to revenue.

   
Sales and Marketing.
Sales and marketing costs increased 100.7% to $10.1
million in 1999 from $5.1 million in 1998.
This increase was primarily due to
expenses associated with the continued hiring of additional direct sales
personnel in fiscal 1999, as well as expanded marketing activities including
advertising and public relations initiatives.
As a percentage of revenue, sales
and marketing expenses increased to 11.4% in 1999 from 8.5% during 1998.

   
General and Administrative.
General and administrative costs increased 78.3%
to $29.2 million in 1999 from $16.4 million in 1998.
The increase was primarily
due to the full year impact of 1998 acquisitions, partial-year impact of the
1999 acquisitions and integration expenses of these acquisitions as well as
increased headcount in management and support functions.
As a percentage of
revenue, general and administrative expenses were 32.9% in 1999 compared to
27.4% in 1998.

   
Research and Development.
Research and development expenses totaled $2.2
million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an approximately $2.0 million
increase from the year ended December 31, 1998, when research and development
efforts on its proprietary technology first commenced.

   Amortization of Acquisition-related Intangible Assets.
Amortization
increased 150.0% to $6.1 million in 1999 from $2.4 million in 1998.
This
increase is primarily attributable to the amortization of goodwill and other
intangible assets from the acquisitions of VeriTest and International Language
Engineering in 1999 as well as the full-year effect of 1998 acquisitions.

   
Merger, Restructuring and Other Charges.
Merger, restructuring and other
charges of $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 consisted of
restructuring charges related to workforce reductions in INT'L.com's United
States operating sites, consisting of 36 technical staff, 14 administrative
staff and four

sales staff.
Merger, restructuring and other charges of $501,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1998 consisted of restructuring charges related to
reductions in Lionbridge's workforce in France, where it reduced its technical
staff by five employees as a result of a decrease in resources required to
fulfill work orders under a specific customer contract.
For the actions taken
in each year, all employees had been informed of their termination and related
benefits in the period that the corresponding charge was recorded.
At the time
of the charges, Lionbridge did not anticipate any significant net impact on
operating results from these restructuring actions.

   
Acquired In-Process Research and Development.
Acquired in-process research
and development expense of $300,000 in 1999 represents a portion of the
International Language Engineering acquisition purchase price which was
allocated to projects that had no alternative future use and had not yet
reached technological feasibility, and therefore was charged to operations at
the acquisition date.

   
Interest Expense.
Interest expense increased 924.3% to $8.4 million in 1999
from $816,000 in 1998.
The increase is principally due to the accretion of $6.0
million of original issue discount on subordinated notes issued in 1999 and to
increased interest as a result of greater borrowings through notes issued and
its commercial credit facility.

   
Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes.
The provision for income taxes
for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 represents taxes generated in
foreign jurisdictions, partially offset in 1998 by a tax benefit of $565,000
resulting from losses of its wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, being carried
back to prior profitable periods.
The benefit from Lionbridge's utilization of
net operating loss carryforwards in Europe during these periods was recorded as
a reduction of goodwill, rather than a tax provision benefit, since the
deferred tax assets associated with these carryforwards had been fully reserved
at the time it acquired Stream International's localization businesses.

Lionbridge recorded no tax benefit for losses generated in other jurisdictions
during these periods due to the uncertainty of realizing any benefit.


Quarterly Results of Operations

   The following tables set forth unaudited consolidated quarterly financial
data for the periods indicated.
Lionbridge derived this data from its unaudited
consolidated financial statements, and, in the opinion of management, they have
been prepared on the same basis as its audited consolidated financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, and include all
adjustments, which consist only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to
present fairly the financial results for the periods.
Certain quarterly amounts
have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation.
The operating
results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any
future period.

                                                         
Quarter Ended
                          -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          Dec. 31,  Sept. 30, June 30,  March 31, Dec. 31,  Sept. 30, June 30,  March 31,
                            2000      2000      2000      2000      1999      1999      1999      1999
                          --------  ---------
--------  ---------
--------  ---------
--------  ---------
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                    (Amounts in thousands)


Revenue.................  
$27,720    $30,345  $28,888    $28,196  $23,861    $23,575  $23,072    $18,256
Cost of revenue.........   
17,540     18,091   17,613     19,502   18,052     15,505   16,314     12,773
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
 Gross profit...........   10,180     12,254   11,275      8,694    5,809      8,070    6,758      5,483
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....    3,023      2,756    2,731      2,874    2,906      2,625    2,610      2,000
 General and
  administrative........    8,886      8,039    8,145      8,073    7,891      7,668    7,958      5,705
 Research and
  development...........      615        605      524        774      894        746      470        106
 Amortization of
  acquisition-related
  intangible assets.....    
1,681      1,637    1,580      1,605    1,872      1,649    1,670        922
 Merger, restructuring
  and other charges.....      --         725    3,541        --       450        --       747        --
 Acquired in-process
  research and
  development...........      --         --       --         --       --         --       300        --
 Stock-based
  compensation..........      168        202      212        217      265        233      187         45
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    
-------
 Total operating
  expenses..............   14,373     13,964   16,733     13,543   14,278     12,921   13,942      8,778
                          -------    -------  
-------    -------  
-------    -------  -------    
-------
Loss from operations....   
(4,193)    (1,710)  (5,458)    (4,849)  (8,469)    (4,851)  (7,184)    (3,295)
Interest expense:
 Interest on outstanding
  debt..................      
647        704      607        565      611        567      693        478
 Accretion of discount
  on debt...............      --         --        79        133       31      1,879    3,016      1,083
Other (income) expense,
 net....................      170        196      123        225      146       (114)      85        234
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
Loss before income
 taxes..................   (5,010)    (2,610)  (6,267)    (5,772)  (9,257)    (7,183) (10,978)    (5,090)
Provision for (benefit
 from) income taxes.....      136        201       75        204      173      1,760   (1,021)      (213)
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
Net loss................  $(5,146)   $(2,811) $(6,342)   $(5,976) $(9,430)   $(8,943) $(9,957)   $(4,877)
                          =======    =======  =======    =======  =======    =======  =======    =======

   Lionbridge has experienced quarter-to-quarter variability in its revenue and
gross profit.
This variability is due to fluctuations in its clients' release
cycles, the length of its sales cycle, rapid growth, acquisitions, the emerging
nature of the markets in which it competes, global economic conditions and
other factors outside its control.
Lionbridge believes that quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful.
You should
not rely on these comparisons as a measure of future performance.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Since inception, Lionbridge has relied upon sales of equity securities and
borrowings to fund operations.
On August 25, 1999, Lionbridge completed its
initial public offering of 3,500,000 shares of common stock.
After deducting
expenses, Lionbridge received approximately $31.8 million in cash proceeds from
this transaction.
In June 2000, Lionbridge issued 1,500,000 shares of common
stock at $8.50 per share in a private placement for total consideration before
expenses of approximately $12.8 million.

   
Net cash used in operations was $8.6 million in 2000, $10.1 million in 1999,
and $2.7 million in 1998.
Cash used in these periods was primarily to fund the
net losses of $20.3 million, $33.2 million and $5.2 million

incurred during these years, respectively, offset in part by depreciation,
amortization and other non-cash expenses, and changes in operating assets and
liabilities.
Changes in operating assets and liabilities were largely the
result of the growth of Lionbridge's business operations during these periods.

Lionbridge has not experienced any significant trends in accounts receivable
other than changes relative to increases in sales.
Fluctuations in accounts
receivable from period to period relative to changes in sales are a result of
the timing of customer invoicing and receipt of payments from customers.

   
Net cash used in investing activities was $6.0 million in 2000, $5.6 million
in 1999, and $7.6 million in 1998.
Investing activities for these periods were
primarily purchases of equipment and the acquisitions of JLS, the localization
services division of Lucent Technologies, S&D, and DLC in 1998, VeriTest, ILE,
and Motus!
in 1999, and certain assets of the language services operation of
Nortel in 2000.

   
Net cash provided by financing activities was $19.0 million in 2000, $27.2
million in 1999, and $10.1 million in 1998.
The primary financing activities
were the completion of Lionbridge's initial public offering in 1999 and the
private placement of common stock in 2000, with additional resources being
provided by borrowings against its bank lines of credit in each year as well as
the issuance of the subordinated debt and convertible promissory notes in 1999
and 2000.

   
As of December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had $10.3 million outstanding under two
commercial credit facilities with a bank that allow Lionbridge to borrow up to
$13.0 million, expiring in January and February 2001.
Both credit facilities
were renewed in January 2001 with a maturity date of April 20, 2001.
The bank
has indicated in a letter to Lionbridge its intention to renew the credit
facilities through January 2002.
The facilities require Lionbridge to maintain
certain financial covenants and restrict the payment of dividends.
The
facilities bear interest at rates ranging from prime plus 1.0% to prime plus
2.00% (9.5% to 10.5% at December 31, 2000) and are collateralized by worldwide
accounts receivable and work in process.

   
In the first quarter of 1999, Lionbridge entered into subordinated loan
agreements with Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II Annex, L.P. and Morgan
Stanley Venture Investors Annex, L.P., existing stockholders of Lionbridge, and
Capital Resource Lenders III, L.P. Under the terms of the agreements,
Lionbridge issued $12.0 million of subordinated notes with detachable warrants
to purchase 1,533,260 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $0.015
per share.
The agreements require Lionbridge to comply with several operating
and financial covenants, including a prohibition on the payment of dividends to
its stockholders.
In connection with its initial public offering, Lionbridge
repaid $6.0 million of the subordinated notes and Capital Resource Lenders and
the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships agreed to defer the repayment
of the remaining $6.0 million of the subordinated notes that would otherwise
have been due upon the completion of its initial public offering.
A subsequent
amendment of the debt agreements in March 2001 extended the maturity date of
the notes to the earlier of January 31, 2002 or an underwritten public offering
by Lionbridge with aggregate proceeds of at least $10,000,000.
In the event of
a qualifying underwritten public offering, acquisition or merger or other
change of control of Lionbridge, 50% of the then outstanding notes and accrued
interest are payable, with the remaining amount maturing on January 31, 2002.

   
In the second quarter of 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary,
INT'L.com, assumed ILE's obligation under a promissory note to a former
stockholder in the amount of $3.3 million as part of its acquisition of ILE.

The promissory note accrues interest at 8.5% per year and matures June 27,
2002.
The promissory note is subordinate to all indebtedness owed by INT'L.com
to any bank, pension fund, insurance fund or other financial institution.

   
As of December 31, 2000, Lionbridge's other significant financial
commitments consisted of $4.3 million of notes payable, of which $750,000
accrued interest at 8.0% per annum and matured and were paid in January 2001
and of which $3.5 million accrue interest at 6.0% per annum, increasing by 1.0%
per annum and mature in January 2005.
Lionbridge also has obligations of
$848,000 under an equipment line of credit and obligations under operating and
capital leases.

   
Lionbridge has an agreement with the Irish Industrial Development Agency
regarding financial grants to its Irish subsidiary from this agency.
Under the
agreement, the Irish subsidiary may not pay dividends or otherwise distribute
its cash, including any distributions to Lionbridge.
In addition, Lionbridge's
European subsidiaries, including its Irish subsidiary, are restricted from
paying dividends to it under the terms of its commercial credit facility with
Silicon Valley Bank.
These restrictions have not had a material impact on
Lionbridge or any of its subsidiaries and it does not expect that these
restrictions will have a material impact in the future.

   
As of December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had cash and cash equivalents of $16.7
million and an additional $1.5 million available for borrowing under the bank
lines of credit.
Its future financing requirements will depend upon a number of
factors, including Lionbridge's operating performance and increases in
operating expenses associated with growth in its business.
Lionbridge
anticipates that its present cash position and available financing should
provide adequate cash to fund its currently anticipated cash needs through at
least the next 12 months.
Lionbridge cannot assure you that additional
financing, if needed, will be available to Lionbridge at terms acceptable to
it, if at all.


Conversion to the Euro

   On January 1, 1999, 11 European countries began using the Euro as their
single currency, while still continuing to use their own notes and coins for
cash transactions.
Banknotes and coins denominated in Euros are expected to be
in circulation by 2002, at which time local notes and coins will cease to be
legal tender.
Lionbridge conducts a significant amount of business in these
countries.
The introduction of the Euro has not resulted in any material
adverse impact upon the results of its operations, although Lionbridge
continues to monitor the effects of the conversion.
Any significant
fluctuations in the value of the Euro could adversely impact the results of its
operations.


Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS")
No. 133, "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities."
SFAS No. 133 was amended on
July 7, 1999 by the issuance of SFAS No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB
Statement No. 133--an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133."
SFAS No. 137 defers
the implementation of SFAS No. 133 by one year.
SFAS
No. 133, as amended, is
effective for fiscal quarters beginning after December 31, 2000 for Lionbridge,
and Lionbridge does not expect its adoption to have a material impact on its
financial position or results of operations.

   
In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities--a
replacement of FASB Statement No. 125."
SFAS No. 140 revises the standards for
accounting for securitizations and other transfers of financial assets and
collateral and requires certain disclosures, but it carries over most of SFAS
No. 125's provisions without reconsideration.
SFAS
No. 140 is effective for
transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities
occurring after March 31, 2001.
SFAS
No. 140 is effective for recognition and
reclassification of collateral and for disclosures relating to securitization
transactions and collateral for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2000.

Lionbridge does not expect the application of SFAS No. 140 to have a material
impact on its financial position or results of operations.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

   Lionbridge is exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates
and foreign currency exchange rates.
Lionbridge does not use derivative
financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.

   
Interest Rate Risk.
Lionbridge is exposed to market risk from changes in
interest rates primarily through its investing activities.
In addition, its
ability to finance future acquisition transactions may be impacted if it is
unable to obtain appropriate financing at acceptable rates.
Lionbridge's
investment portfolio consists primarily of investments in high-grade commercial
bank money market accounts.
A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in interest
rates would not have a material impact on the carrying value of its investments
due to their immediate available liquidity or their short maturity.

   
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Losses.
The majority of Lionbridge's
contracts with clients are denominated in U.S. dollars.
However, 36% of its
costs and expenses in 2000 and 59% of its costs and expenses in 1999 were
denominated in foreign currencies.
41% and 35% of its assets were recorded in
foreign currencies as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
22% and 17%
of its liabilities were recorded in foreign currencies as of December 31, 2000
and 1999, respectively.
Therefore, Lionbridge is exposed to foreign currency
exchange risks.
Lionbridge has not historically tried to reduce its exposure to
exchange rate fluctuations by using hedging transactions.
However, it may
choose to do so in the future.
Lionbridge may not be able to do this
successfully.
Accordingly, it may experience economic loss and a negative
impact on earnings and equity as a result of foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations.


SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

   The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of Lionbridge's common stock as of March 31, 2001 for (i) each person
who is known by Lionbridge to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding
shares of common stock, (ii) each director of Lionbridge, (iii) each named
executive officer of Lionbridge and (iv) all of the directors and executive
officers of Lionbridge as a group.

   
Except as noted below, the address of each person listed on the table is c/o
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., 950 Winter Street, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451.

                                                   
Amount and      Percent of
                                                    Nature of        Common
                                                   Beneficial        Stock
            Name of Beneficial Owner             Ownership(1)(2) Outstanding(3)
            
------------------------             ---------------
--------------

Rory J. Cowan (4)...............................    2,268,916          8.1%

Marcia J. Hooper(5).............................    
4,364,004         15.6%
c/o Advent International Corporation
75 State Street
Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Guy L. de Chazal(6).............................    
3,163,755         11.3%
c/o Morgan Stanley Venture Capital
1221 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor
New York, New York 10020

Paul Kavanagh(7)................................       76,167            *
"Arcachon"
Strathmore Road, Killiney, Co.
Dublin, Ireland

Claude P. Sheer(8)..............................        7,166            *
240 Main Street
Boxford, Massachusetts 01921

Roger O. Jeanty (9).............................    1,630,819          5.8%

Myriam Martin-Kail (10).........................      321,386          1.1%

Stephen J. Lifshatz (11)........................      212,000             *

Peter H. Wright (12)............................      125,117             *


Morgan Stanley Dean Witter-sponsored limited        3,424,568         12.2%
partnerships(13)
................................
1221 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor
New York, New York 10020

Advent-sponsored limited partnerships(14).......    
4,364,004         15.6%
75 State Street
Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Cornerstone Equity Investors IV, L.P............    2,399,853          8.6%
717 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1100
New York, New York 10022

All executive officers and directors as a group    12,169,330         42.5%
(9 persons)(15)....................................

-
--------
 *  Less than 1% of the outstanding shares of common stock.

(1) The persons identified in the table possess sole voting and investment
    power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them,
    except as noted in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community
    property laws.

(2) The inclusion herein of any shares of common stock deemed beneficially
    owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those
    shares.

 
(3) Based on 28,038,697 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31,
     2001.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of
     the Securities and Exchange Commission and includes voting and investment
     power with respect to the shares of common stock.
Shares of common stock
     subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
     after March 31, 2001 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
     ownership of the person holding these options, but are not deemed
     outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
 (4) Includes 58,332 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Cowan
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 (5) Includes 357,849 shares held by Advent Euro-Italian Direct Investment
     Program Limited Partnership; 96,191 shares held by Advent Partners Limited
     Partnership; 2,613,975 shares held by Global Private Equity II Limited
     Partnership; 549,683 shares held by Global Private Equity II--Europe
     Limited Partnership; and 746,306 shares held by Global Private Equity II--
     PGGM Limited Partnership.
Ms. Hooper is a partner of Advent International
     Corporation, which is the general partner of Advent International Limited
     Partnership, the general partner of the Advent-sponsored limited
     partnerships.
Ms. Hooper may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held
     by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships.
Ms. Hooper disclaims
     beneficial ownership of all these shares, except to the extent of her
     pecuniary interest therein.
 
(6) Includes 2,744,105 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II
     Annex, L.P. and 375,235 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Investors
     Annex, L.P. and 44,415 shares held directly by Mr. de Chazal.
Mr. de
     Chazal is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Morgan Stanley
     Venture Capital II, Inc., the managing general partner of Morgan Stanley
     Venture Partners II, L.P., which is the general partner of each of the
     Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships.
Mr. de Chazal may be deemed
     to beneficially own the shares held by the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
     limited partnerships.
Mr. de Chazal disclaims beneficial ownership of all
     these shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
 (7) Includes 9,500 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Kavanagh
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 
(8) Represents 7,166 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Sheer
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 (9) Includes 112,973 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Jeanty
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001 and
     384,420 shares held by Tracy A. Jeanty, Mr. Jeanty's wife.
Mr. Jeanty
     disclaims beneficial ownership of all these shares held by Mrs. Jeanty.

(10) Represents shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Ms. Martin-Kail
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.

(11) Includes 75,735 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Lifshatz
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.

(12) Includes 36,665 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Wright
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.

(13) Includes 2,744,105 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II
     Annex, L.P., and 375,235 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Investors
     Annex, L.P.
The general partner of each of the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
     limited partnerships is Morgan Stanley Venture Partners II, L.P. Morgan
     Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc. is the managing general partner of Morgan
     Stanley Venture Partners II, L.P. and exercises sole voting and investment
     power with respect to all shares held of record by the Morgan Stanley-
     sponsored limited partnerships; individually, no stockholder, director or
     officer of Morgan Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc. is deemed to have or
     share voting or investment power.
In addition, Morgan Stanley Venture
     Capital II, Inc., holds 305,228 shares directly.

(14) Includes 357,849 shares held by Advent Euro--Italian Direct Investment
     Program Limited Partnership; 96,191 shares held by Advent Partners Limited
     Partnership; 2,613,975 shares held by Global Private Equity II Limited
     Partnership; 549,683 shares held by Global Private Equity II--Europe
     Limited Partnership; and 746,306 shares held by Global Private Equity II--
     PGGM Limited Partnership.
The general partner of the Advent-sponsored
     limited partnerships is Advent International Limited Partnership.
Advent
     International Corporation is the general partner of Advent International
     Limited Partnership and exercises sole voting and investment power with
     respect to all shares held of record by the Advent-

    sponsored limited partnerships; individually, no stockholder, director or
    officer of Advent International Corporation is deemed to have or share
    this voting or investment power.

(15) Includes 621,757 shares of common stock which the directors and executive
     officers as a group have the right to acquire pursuant to options
     exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
Includes 4,364,004 shares
     held by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships that Ms. Hooper may be
     deemed to beneficially own and 3,119,340 shares held by the Morgan
     Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships that Mr. de Chazal may be deemed
     to beneficially own.


MANAGEMENT

 Directors and Executive Officers

   The following table presents information about each of Lionbridge's
executive officers and directors as of March 31, 2001.


Name                     Age                               Position
- ----                     ---                               --------

Rory J. Cowan...........  48 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Class III Director
Roger O. Jeanty.........  50 President and Class I Director
Stephen J. Lifshatz.....  42 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Myriam Martin-Kail......  47 Senior Vice President, Operations
Peter H. Wright.........  39 Senior Vice President, Sales
Guy L. de Chazal........  53 Class II Director
Marcia J. Hooper........  46 Class II Director
Paul Kavanagh...........  59 Class III Director
Claude P. Sheer.........  
50 Class I Director

   Rory J. Cowan founded Lionbridge in September 1996.
Mr. Cowan served as
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Stream International, Inc., a software
and services provider, from May 1995 to June 1996.
Mr. Cowan was also the
Chief Executive Officer of Interleaf, Inc. from October 1996 to January 1997.

He was an Executive Vice President of R.R. Donnelley & Sons, a provider of
commercial print and print-related services, from January 1991 to June 1996.

Mr. Cowan also serves as a director of NewsEdge Corporation.

   
Roger O. Jeanty joined Lionbridge as a director and President in May 2000
upon the merger of INTL.com, Inc. into Lionbridge.
Mr. Jeanty was a founder of
one of INTL.com's predecessors and was employed by INT'L.com and its
predecessors since 1984.
He served as a director of INT'L.com from 1998 until
May 2000.
Prior thereto, Mr. Jeanty held a number of management positions in
international and technical areas, including Software Localization manager at
Data General and Executive Vice President of the International Software
Center.

   
Stephen J. Lifshatz joined Lionbridge in January 1997.
Mr. Lifshatz served
as the Chief Financial Officer of The Dodge Group from May 1996 to January
1997.
He served in a number of senior financial roles, including Chief
Financial Officer of Marcam Corporation, a publicly traded software company,
from May 1984 to May 1996.

   
Myriam Martin-Kail joined Lionbridge in December 1996.
Ms. Martin-Kail
served as European Director for Localization of Stream International, Inc.
from April 1995 to December 1996 and Operations Manager, Dublin from September
1994 to September 1995.

   
Peter H. Wright joined Lionbridge in January 1997.
Mr. Wright was
previously the Sales Director at Berlitz International, Inc. for their
localization business from August 1991 to November 1996.

   
Guy L. de Chazal has been a director of Lionbridge since February 1998.
Mr.
de Chazal has been with Morgan Stanley since 1984, most recently as a managing
director of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated and Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Morgan Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc.
Mr. de Chazal is a director
of Weblink Wireless, Inc. and several private companies.

   
Marcia J. Hooper has been a director of Lionbridge since December 1996.

Since May 1996, Ms. Hooper has been a partner with the Information Technology
Group of Advent International Corporation, a venture capital company.
From July
1994 to April 1996, she served as a partner of Viking Capital Group, a venture
capital company focused on early stage investments.
Ms. Hooper is also a
director of Worldgate Communications, Inc. and PolyMedica Corporation.

   
Paul Kavanagh has been a director of Lionbridge since December 1996.
Mr.
Kavanagh has served as an industry consultant since January 1998.
Mr. Kavanagh
served as President Europe, Middle East and Africa of Stream International,
Inc. from August 1995 to January 1998.
From April 1992 to August 1995, Mr.
Kavanagh was Managing Director Europe, Middle East and Africa of R.R. Donnelley
& Sons.

   
Claude P. Sheer has been a director of Lionbridge since March 1999.
Mr.
Sheer has served as an industry analyst and consultant since April 1999 and is
a partner of Barn Ventures, L.L.C. Mr. Sheer served as Senior Advisor to and
Chief Internet Strategist of Ziff Davis from November 1998 through April 1999.

From 1980 to November 1998, Mr. Sheer served in a number of executive roles for
Ziff Davis, including President, ZD Publishing; President, US Publications; and
President, Business Media Group.

   
Lionbridge's executive officers are elected by and serve at the discretion
of the board of directors and until their successors have been duly elected and
qualified.
There are no family relationships among any of its executive
officers and directors.

 
The Board of Directors; Meetings of the Board; Committees of the Board

   The board of directors of Lionbridge is currently fixed at six members and
divided into three classes.
Each class serves for three years, with the terms
of office of the respective classes expiring in successive years.
The directors
in Class II are nominees for election to three-year terms at the 2001
Lionbridge annual meeting of stockholders.
The directors in Class III will be
nominees for election to three-year terms at the 2002 Lionbridge annual meeting
of stockholders and the directors in Class I will be nominees for election to
three-year terms at the 2003 Lionbridge annual meeting of stockholders.

   
The board of directors has an audit committee and a compensation committee,
both of which are comprised solely of independent directors.

   
The audit committee selects the independent auditors to be employed by
Lionbridge, reviews generally the internal and external audit plans and the
results thereof, and reviews generally Lionbridge's internal controls with the
auditors.
The members of the audit committee are Ms. Hooper and Mr. Kavanagh.

There is one vacancy on the audit committee.

   
The compensation committee reviews the compensation of senior management and
reviews and recommends to the Board the adoption of any compensation plans in
which directors and officers are eligible to participate.
The members of the
compensation committee are Messrs. de Chazal, Kavanagh and Sheer.

 
Compensation of Directors

   Lionbridge does not currently compensate its directors.
Each director is
reimbursed for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
attending meetings of the board of directors or of any committee of the Board.

Non-employee directors are eligible to receive options to purchase shares of
common stock under Lionbridge's 1998 Stock Plan.

   
On April 28, 2000, each of Messrs. Kavanagh and Sheer were granted an option
to purchase 2,000 shares of common stock under Lionbridge's 1998 Stock Plan, at
an exercise price of $11.375 per share, which was equal to the fair market
value of common stock on the date of grant.


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

   
The following Summary Compensation Table sets forth certain information with
respect to the annual and long-term compensation of Lionbridge's Chief
Executive Officer and each of Lionbridge's four other highly compensated
executive officers (the "named executive officers") whose total compensation
exceeded $100,000 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.

                           
Summary Compensation Table

                                                              Long-Term
                                 Annual Compensation         Compensation
                         ----------------------------------- ------------
                                                              Securities
Name and Principal                              Other Annual  Underlying   All Other
Position                 Year  Salary   Bonus   Compensation Options/SARS Compensation
- ------------------       ----
-------- -------- ------------ ------------ ------------

Rory J. Cowan .......... 2000 $259,875 $125,000     --         100,000          --
 Chairman and Chief      1999 $259,875 $ 65,000     --          66,667          --
 Executive Officer       1998 $249,144 $175,725     --             --           --

Roger O. Jeanty(1)...... 2000 $121,858 $100,000     --               0          --
 President

Stephen J. Lifshatz .... 2000 $205,000 $102,500     --          50,000          --
 Senior Vice President,  1999 $190,575 $ 47,500     --          50,000          --
 Chief Financial Officer 1998 $182,705 $ 64,433     --          36,667          --
 and Treasurer

Myriam Martin-Kail ..... 2000 $160,000 $ 95,000     --          30,000      $26,680(2)
 Senior Vice President,  1999 $167,679 $ 40,000     --          50,000          --
 Operations              1998 $147,585 $ 37,815     --          20,000          --

Peter H. Wright ........ 2000 $157,000 $ 90,000     --          30,000      $46,340(3)
 Senior Vice President,  1999 $151,250 $ 37,750     --          50,000          --
 Sales                   1998 $137,863 $ 47,410     --          33,334          --

- --------
(1) Mr. Jeanty joined Lionbridge as President on May 22, 2000.
Salary reflected
    in the Compensation Table reflects amounts paid to Mr. Jeanty during the
    period May 22, 2000 through December 31, 2000.

(2) Represents customary relocation and allowance payments in connection with
    Ms. Martin-Kail's relocation to the United States from France.

(3) Represents customary relocation and allowance payments in connection with
    Mr. Wright's relocation to Ireland from the United States.


Option/SAR Grants In Last Fiscal Year

   
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the stock
options granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 to each named
executive officer of Lionbridge listed in the Summary Compensation Table above.

Lionbridge did not grant any stock appreciation rights in 2000.

                    
Stock Option Grants in Fiscal Year 2000

                                                                          Potential Realizable Value
                         Number of   Percent of                           at Assumed Annual Rates of
                         Securities Total Options                          Stock Price Appreciation
                         Underlying  Granted to   Exercise or                 for Option Term (2)
                          Options   Employees in   Base Price  Expiration ---------------------------
Name                      Granted    Fiscal Year  Per Share(1)    
Date         5%           10%
- ----                     ----------
-------------
------------ ----------
------------ --------------

Rory J. Cowan...........  100,000       4.87%       $17.9375   2/24/2010  $    948,700 $    2,679,396
 Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer

Roger O. Jeanty.........        0          0%            N/A         N/A           N/A            N/A
 President

Stephen J. Lifshatz.....   40,000       1.95%       $17.9375   2/24/2010  $    451,232 $    1,107,346
 Senior Vice President,    10,000       0.97%       $ 8.0000   5/31/2010  $     50,312 $      127,499
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Treasurer

Myriam Martin-Kail......   20,000       0.97%       $17.9375   2/24/2010  $    225,616 $      571,755
 Senior Vice President,    10,000       0.48%       $ 8.0000   5/31/2010  $     50,312 $      127,499
 Operations

Peter H. Wright.........   20,000       0.97%       $17.9375   2/24/2010  $    225,616 $      571,755
 Senior Vice President,    10,000       0.48%       $ 8.0000   5/31/2010  $     50,312 $      127,499
 Sales

- --------
(1) The exercise price equals the fair market value of the common stock as of
    the grant date as determined by Lionbridge's board of directors.
Options
    have a term of ten years and become exercisable at the rate of 25% on the
    first anniversary of the date of grant and at the rate of 12.5% on each
    six-month anniversary thereafter.

(2) Amounts reported in these columns represent hypothetical gains that could
    be achieved for the respective options if exercised at the end of the
    option term.
These gains are based on assumed rates of stock price
    appreciation of 5% and 10% compounded annually from the date the respective
    options were granted to their expiration date.
These assumptions are not
    intended to forecast future appreciation of Lionbridge's stock price.
The
    potential realizable value computation does not take into account federal
    or state income tax consequences of option exercises or sales of
    appreciated stock.
Actual gains, if any, on stock option exercises and
    common stock holdings are dependent on the timing of the exercise and the
    future performance of Lionbridge's common stock.
Lionbridge cannot assure
    that the rates of appreciation assumed in this table can be achieved or
    that the amounts reflected will be received by the individuals.
This table
    does not take into account any appreciation in the price of the common
    stock since the date of grant.

 
Aggregate Option Exercises And Year-End Values

   The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
options exercised by each named executive officer of Lionbridge listed in the
Summary Compensation Table above during the year ended December 31, 2000 or
held by these persons at December 31, 2000.

   
Aggregated Option Exercises In Last Fiscal Year And Fiscal Year-End Option
                                     Values

                                                        Number of Securities             Value of Unexercised
                                                       Underlying Unexercised           In-the-Money Options at
                                           Value    Options at December 31, 2000         December 31, 2000 (2)
                         Shares Acquired  Realized  --------------------------------   
-------------------------
Name                     on Exercise (#)    (1)      
Exercisable      Unexercisable    Exercisable Unexercisable
- ----                     ---------------
----------
--------------   ---------------   -----------
-------------

Rory J. Cowan...........     375,380     $2,988,024          187,690           166,667  $643,542     $129,584
Roger O. Jeanty.........           0              0          110,982            25,224  $      0     $      0
Stephen J. Lifshatz.....      36,969     $  284,898           36,965           146,138  $126,611     $261,513
Myriam Martin-Kail......      50,000     $  446,406          245,898           127,988  $844,936     $268,821
Peter H. Wright.........      24,646     $  194,387           16,313           108,815  $ 55,553     $202,044

- --------
(1) Amounts calculated by subtracting the aggregate exercise price of the
    options from the market value of the underlying common stock on the date of
    exercise, and do not reflect amounts actually received by the named
    executive officers.

(2) Amounts calculated by subtracting the exercise price of the options from
    the fair market value of the underlying common stock as quoted on the
    NASDAQ Stock Market of $3.59375 per share on December 31, 2000, multiplied
    by the number of shares underlying the options, and do not reflect amounts
    that may be actually received by the named executive officers upon exercise
    of options.


Employment And Non-Competition Agreements

   Rory J. Cowan entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on
December 23, 1996.
Mr. Cowan's employment agreement provides for a two-year
term with automatic one-year renewals.
Under the terms of his employment
agreement, if Lionbridge terminates Mr. Cowan's employment other than for
cause, he is entitled to receive twelve monthly severance payments, each in an
amount equal to his then current monthly base compensation (i.e. 1/12th of Mr.
Cowan's base salary).
If Mr. Cowan is terminated for cause, he will not be
entitled to any severance payments or other benefits except as required by law.

   
Mr. Cowan entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on
December 23, 1996.
The agreement provides that Mr. Cowan will not during the
course of his employment and the twelve months following the date of the
termination of his employment with Lionbridge, (1) engage or otherwise have a
financial interest in any business activity which is in competition with any of
the products or services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's
employees or (3) solicit or do business with any present or past customer of
Lionbridge's, or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's in connection with
any business activity which would be in violation of the non-competition
agreement.

   
Roger O. Jeanty entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on May
20, 2000, in connection with the merger of INTL.com, Inc. into Lionbridge.
This
employment agreement provides for a one-year term with automatic one-year
renewals.
If Lionbridge terminates Mr. Jeanty's employment other than for
cause, he is entitled to receive twelve monthly severance payments, each in an
amount equal to his then current monthly base compensation (i.e., 1/12th of Mr.
Jeanty's base salary).
If Mr. Jeanty is terminated for cause, he will not be
entitled to any severance payments or other benefits except as required by law.

   
Mr. Jeanty entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on May
20, 2000.
The agreement provides that Mr. Jeanty will not, during the course of
his employment and the twelve months following the date of the termination of
his employment with Lionbridge (1) engage or otherwise have a financial
interest in

any business activity which is in competition with any of the products or
services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's employees or
(3) solicit or do business with any present or past customer of Lionbridge's,
or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's in connection with any business
activity which would be in violation of the non-competition agreement.

   
Stephen J. Lifshatz entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on
February 11, 1997.
Mr. Lifshatz's employment agreement provides for a one-year
term with automatic one-year renewals.
Under the terms of his employment
agreement, if, during the six-month period following a change in control of
Lionbridge, Mr. Lifshatz ceases to be the Chief Financial Officer of the parent
of the surviving entity or suffers a substantial diminution of his
responsibilities, 50% of any unvested options then held by Mr. Lifshatz shall
vest and become immediately exercisable.
If Lionbridge terminates Mr.
Lifshatz's employment other than for cause, he is entitled to receive six
monthly severance payments, each in an amount equal to his then current monthly
base compensation (i.e., 1/2th of Mr. Lifshatz's base salary).
If Mr. Lifshatz
is terminated for cause, he will not be entitled to any severance payments or
other benefits except as required by law.

   
Mr. Lifshatz entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on
February 11, 1997.
The agreement provides that Mr. Lifshatz will not, during
the course of his employment and the twelve months following the date of the
termination of his employment with Lionbridge (1) engage or otherwise have a
financial interest in any business activity which is in competition with any of
the products or services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's
employees or (3) solicit or do business with any present or past customer of
Lionbridge's, or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's in connection with
any business activity, which would be in violation of the non-competition
agreement.

   
Myriam Martin-Kail entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on
February 24, 1997, effective as of January 1, 1997.
Under the terms of her
employment agreement, if Lionbridge terminates Ms. Martin-Kail's employment,
she is entitled to receive twelve monthly severance payments, each in an amount
equal to her then current monthly base compensation (i.e., 1/2th of Ms. Martin-
Kail's base salary).

   
Ms. Martin-Kail entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on
February 24, 1997.
The agreement provides that Ms. Martin-Kail will not, during
the course of her employment and the twelve months following the date of the
termination of her employment with Lionbridge (1) engage or otherwise have a
financial interest in any business activity which is in competition with any of
the products or services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's
employees or (3) solicit or do business with any present or past customer of
Lionbridge's, or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's which would be in
violation of the non-competition agreement.

   
Peter H. Wright entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on
February 28, 1997 which was subsequently amended.
Mr. Wright's employment
agreement provides for a one-year term with automatic one-year renewals.
Under
the terms of his employment agreement, if Lionbridge terminates Mr. Wright's
employment other than for cause when his principal business location is outside
of the United States, he is entitled to receive 12 monthly severance payments,
each in an amount equal to his then current monthly base compensation (i.e.,
1/2th of Mr. Wright's base salary).
If Lionbridge terminates Mr. Wright's
employment other than for cause when his principal business location is within
the United States he is entitled to receive six monthly severance payments,
each in an amount equal to his then current monthly base compensation (i.e.,
1/2 of Mr. Wright's base salary).
In addition, in the event of a change of
control of Lionbridge, one-half of his unvested stock options will become
exercisable.
If Mr. Wright is terminated for cause, he will not be entitled to
any severance payments or other benefits except as required by law.

   
Mr. Wright entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on
February 28, 1997.
The agreement provides that Mr. Wright will not, during the
course of his employment and the six months following the date of the
termination of his employment with Lionbridge (1) engage or otherwise have a
financial interest in any business activity which is in competition with any of
the products or services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's
employees or (3) solicit or do business with any present or past

customer of Lionbridge's, or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's which
would be in violation of the non-competition agreement.


Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation

   This report is submitted by the compensation committee.
The compensation
committee during fiscal year 2000 was comprised of Messrs. de Chazal, Kavanagh
and Sheer, all of whom are non-employee directors.
Pursuant to authority
delegated by the board of directors, the compensation committee is responsible
for reviewing and administering Lionbridge's stock plans and reviewing and
approving salaries and other incentive compensation of Lionbridge's officers
and employees, including the grant of stock options to officers and employees.

Pursuant to the authority delegated by the board of directors, the compensation
committee each year sets the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and
reviews and approves the compensation of all other senior officers.

 
Compensation Philosophy

   The goal of Lionbridge is to attract and retain qualified executives in a
competitive industry.
To achieve this goal, the compensation committee applies
the philosophy that compensation of executive officers, specifically including
that of the Chief Executive Officer, should be linked to revenue growth,
operating results and earnings per share performance.

   
Under the supervision of the compensation committee, Lionbridge has
developed and implemented compensation policies.
The compensation committee's
executive compensation policies are designed to (i) enhance profitability of
Lionbridge and stockholder value, (ii) integrate compensation with Lionbridge's
annual and long-term performance goals, (iii) reward corporate performance,
(iv) recognize individual initiative, achievement and hard work, and (v) assist
Lionbridge in attracting and retaining qualified executive officers.
Currently,
compensation under the executive compensation program is comprised of cash
compensation in the form of annual base salary, bonus, and long-term incentive
compensation in the form of stock options.

 
Base Salary

   In setting cash compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and reviewing
and approving the cash compensation for all other officers, the compensation
committee reviews salaries annually.
The compensation committee's policy is to
fix base salaries at levels comparable to the amounts paid to senior executives
with comparable qualifications, experience and responsibilities at other
companies of similar size and engaged in a similar business to that of
Lionbridge.
In addition, the base salaries take into account Lionbridge's
relative performance as compared to comparable companies.

   
The salary compensation for the executive officers is based upon their
qualifications, experience and responsibilities, as well as the attainment of
planned objectives.
The Chief Executive Officer makes recommendations to the
compensation committee regarding the planned objectives and executive
compensation levels.
The overall plans and operating performance levels upon
which management compensation is based are approved by the compensation
committee on an annual basis.
During 2000, the Chief Executive Officer and the
President made recommendations for salary increases for the executive group,
and the compensation committee approved salary increases ranging from 6% to 8%
to Lionbridge's Senior Vice Presidents, in recognition of the achievements of
these officers during the year and/or in order to bring the officer's salary in
line with the competitive salary range for his or her position.
In May 2000,
Mr. Jeanty joined Lionbridge as President and his annual base salary was set at
a level commensurate with his assumption of significant responsibilities and in
line with the competitive salary range for his position.

 
Bonus Compensation

   
In addition to salary compensation, the compensation committee recommended
the continuation of the bonus program adopted by the board of directors in the
previous year, whereby senior executives recommended

by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the compensation committee for
inclusion in the program receive bonus compensation based on a percentage of
base salary.
Bonuses paid under this program in 2001 were a percentage of base
salary for calendar 2000 and were based upon the individual's contributions to
the successful integration of INT'L.com with Lionbridge and the attainment of
strategic and operational goals and objectives.

 
Stock Options

   The compensation committee relies on incentive compensation in the form of
stock options to retain and motivate executive officers and employees.

Incentive compensation in the form of stock options is designed (i) to provide
long-term incentives to executive officers and other employees, (ii) to
encourage the executive officers and other employees to remain with Lionbridge
and (iii) to enable them to develop and maintain a stock ownership position in
Lionbridge's common stock.

   
Lionbridge's 1998 Stock Plan permits the compensation committee to
administer the granting of stock options to eligible employees, including
executive officers.
Options generally become exercisable based upon a vesting
schedule tied to years of future service to Lionbridge.
The value realizable
from exercisable options is dependent upon the extent to which Lionbridge's
performance is reflected in the market price of Lionbridge's common stock at
any particular point in time.
Equity compensation in the form of stock options
is designed to provide long-term incentives to executive officers and other
employees.
The compensation committee approves the granting of options in order
to motivate these employees to maximize stockholder value.
Generally, options
are granted to officers and employees at fair market value on the date of grant
and vest over a four-year period.

   
Option grants to employees are based on such factors as initiative,
achievement and performance.
In administering grants to executive officers, the
compensation committee evaluates each officer's total equity compensation
package.
The compensation committee generally reviews the option holdings of
each of the executive officers, including their vesting and exercise prices and
the then current value of any unvested options.
The compensation committee
considers equity compensation to be an integral part of a competitive executive
compensation package and an important mechanism to align the interests of
management with those of Lionbridge's stockholders.

 
Mr. Cowan's Compensation

   The cash compensation program for the Chief Executive Officer of Lionbridge
is designed to reward performance that enhances stockholder value.
Mr. Cowan's
compensation package is comprised of base pay, bonus and stock options, and is
in part based on Lionbridge's revenue growth, profitability, and growth in
earnings per share.
In 2000, Mr. Cowan's annual base salary was $259,875, the
same as in 1999 and a level comparable to the salary of Chief Executive
Officers in other globalization services companies, considering the size and
rate of profitability of those companies.
In addition, Mr. Cowan was awarded a
cash bonus of $125,000 in recognition of his leadership of Lionbridge.

   
The compensation committee is satisfied that the executive officers of
Lionbridge are dedicated to achieving significant improvements in the long-term
financial performance of Lionbridge and that the compensation policies and
programs implemented and administered have contributed and will continue to
contribute toward achieving this goal.

 
Deductibility Of Executive Compensation

   In general, under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), Lionbridge cannot deduct, for federal income tax
purposes, compensation in excess of $1,000,000 paid to certain executive
officers.
This deduction limitation does not apply, however, to compensation
that constitutes "qualified performance-based compensation" within the meaning
of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Lionbridge has considered the limitations on deductions imposed by

Section 162(m) of the Code, and it is Lionbridge's present intention that, for
so long as it is consistent with its overall compensation objective,
substantially all tax deductions attributable to executive compensation will
not be subject to the deduction limitations of Section 162(m) of the Code.

                                          
Respectfully Submitted by the
                                           Compensation Committee:
                                          Guy L. de Chazal
                                          Paul Kavanagh
                                          Claude P. Sheer

 Compensation Committee Interlocks And Insider Participation

   Messrs. de Chazal, Kavanagh and Sheer comprised the compensation committee
for fiscal year 2000.
No member of the compensation committee was at any time
during the past year an officer or employee of Lionbridge or any of its
subsidiaries, was formerly an officer of Lionbridge or any of its subsidiaries,
or had any relationship with Lionbridge requiring disclosure herein.

   
No executive officer of Lionbridge served as a member of the compensation
committee (or other board committee performing similar functions or, in the
absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another
corporation, one of whose executive officers served on the compensation
committee.
No executive officer of Lionbridge served as a director of another
corporation, one of whose executives served on the compensation committee.
No
executive officer of Lionbridge served as a member of the compensation
committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the
absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another
corporation, one of whose executive officers served as a director of
Lionbridge.


CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

   In February 1998, Lionbridge America, Inc., Lionbridge's predecessor holding
company, became a subsidiary of Lionbridge.
Lionbridge accomplished this by
issuing an aggregate of 1,359,993 shares of its common stock, 13,271,314 shares
of its Series A convertible preferred stock and 140 shares of its Series D
nonvoting convertible preferred stock to Rory J. Cowan, five certain limited
partnerships sponsored by Advent International Corporation, two certain limited
partnerships sponsored by Morgan Stanley, and the other stockholders of
Lionbridge America in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of Lionbridge America held by these stockholders and the outstanding
ordinary shares of Lionbridge Technologies Holdings, B.V., a subsidiary of
Lionbridge America, held by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships.

Lionbridge America also redeemed all of the outstanding shares of its Series AA
preferred stock held by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships at the
original purchase price of $0.01 per share, for an aggregate of $10.00.
Rory J.
Cowan founded Lionbridge in 1996 and serves as its Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer.
Guy L. de Chazal, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Morgan
Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc., the managing general partner of Morgan
Stanley Venture Partners II, L.P., which is the general partner of each of the
Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships, has served as a member of the
Lionbridge board of directors since February 1998.
Marcia Hooper, a partner of
Advent International Corporation, which is the general partner of Advent
International Limited Partnership, the general partner of the Advent-sponsored
limited partnerships, has served as a member of the Lionbridge board of
directors since December 1996.

   
In January 1999, Lionbridge borrowed $4.0 million from Capital Resource
Lenders, III, L.P. under a 12% senior subordinated convertible note due January
8, 2000.
In connection with the issuance of the note to Capital Resource
Lenders, many of Lionbridge's subsidiaries executed guarantees in favor of
Capital Resource Lenders.
In February 1999, Lionbridge borrowed an additional
$2.0 million from Capital Resource Lenders under an amended and restated 12%
senior subordinated note due February 26, 2006 in the aggregate principal
amount of $6.0 million and issued to Capital Resource Lenders and an affiliated
entity of Capital Resource Lenders common stock purchase warrants exercisable
for an aggregate of 1,277,716 shares of its common stock

at an exercise price of $0.015 per share.
In August 1999, Capital Resource
Lenders and the affiliated entity exercised the common stock purchase warrants
in full.

   
In February 1999, Lionbridge's indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Lionbridge
Technologies Holdings, B.V. borrowed $4.0 million from Capital Resource Lenders
under a 12% senior subordinated note due February 26, 2006.
In connection with
Lionbridge Technologies Holdings, B.V.'s issuance of the note to Capital
Resource Lenders, many of Lionbridge's subsidiaries executed guarantees in
favor of Capital Resource Lenders.
Stephen M. Jenks, a member of Capital
Research Partners III, L.L.C. which is the general partner of Capital Resource
Lenders, served as a member of Lionbridge's board of directors from March 1999
to August 1999 and Capital Resource Lenders held greater then 5% of the
outstanding shares of Lionbridge common stock from August 1999 to May 2000.

   
In March 1999, Lionbridge and Lionbridge Technologies Holdings, B.V.
borrowed an aggregate of $2.0 million from the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited
partnerships under 12% senior subordinated notes due March 9, 2006 and issued
to the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships common stock purchase
warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 255,544 shares of Lionbridge's common
stock at an exercise price of $0.015 per share.
In connection with the issuance
of the notes to the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships, many of
Lionbridge's subsidiaries executed guarantees in favor of the Morgan Stanley-
sponsored limited partnerships.
In November 1999, the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
limited partnerships exercised the common stock purchase warrants in full.

   
In connection with the closing of Lionbridge's initial public offering in
August 1999, the following transactions occurred:

  .  
50% of the principal amount of the $12.0 million notes issued to Capital
     Resource Lenders and the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships
     were paid in full;

  .  
the 13,271,314 outstanding shares of its Series A convertible preferred
     stock and 140 outstanding shares of its Series D nonvoting convertible
     preferred stock held by its preferred stockholders including Mr. Cowan,
     Paul Kavanagh, the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships and the Morgan
     Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships were exchanged for an aggregate
     of 132.7145 shares of its Series B redeemable preferred stock and
     8,847,649 shares of its Series C convertible preferred stock.
Paul
     Kavanagh has been a member of the Lionbridge board of directors since
     December 1996;

  .  
the 132.7145 outstanding shares of Lionbridge's Series B redeemable
     preferred stock was redeemed for $100,000 per share plus an 8% annual
     premium.
The redemption amount paid to Mr. Cowan, the Advent-sponsored
     limited partnerships, the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships,
     and Mr. Kavanagh was $150,000, $1.3 million, $1.3 million, and $21,000,
     respectively; and

  .  
the 8,847,649 outstanding shares of Lionbridge's Series C convertible
     preferred stock held by its preferred stockholders including Mr. Cowan,
     Mr. Kavanagh, the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships and the Morgan
     Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships were converted into 8,847,649
     shares of its common stock.

   
In addition, the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships and the Morgan
Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships each purchased 364,000 shares of
Lionbridge common stock for $10.00 per share as part of Lionbridge's initial
public offering.

   
In March 2001, Capital Resource Lenders and the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
limited partnerships agreed to defer, until the earlier of January 31, 2002 and
the completion of an underwritten public offering (other than Lionbridge's
initial public offering) with aggregate gross proceeds of at least $10.0
million, Lionbridge's repayment of $5.0 million and $1.0 million, respectively,
of the principal amount of the subordinated notes due in 2006.
These notes had
previously required all of the principal amount to be repaid upon the earlier
of August 25, 2001 and the completion of an underwritten public offering (other
than Lionbridge's initial public offering) with aggregate gross proceeds of at
least $10.0 million.

   
Lionbridge entered into a Second Restated Registration Rights Agreement
dated as of February 26, 1999 with Mr. Cowan, Mr. Kavanagh, the Advent-
sponsored limited partnerships, the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited
partnerships, Capital Resource Lenders and certain other stockholders of
Lionbridge.
This registration rights agreement provided these holders with
rights with respect to the registration by Lionbridge of their shares of
Lionbridge common stock under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

   
Lionbridge has entered into a Third Restated Registration Rights Agreement
dated as of May 22, 2000 with Mr. Cowan, Mr. Kavanagh, the Advent-sponsored
limited partnerships, the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships,
Capital Resource Lenders and certain other stockholders of Lionbridge.
This
registration rights agreement provides these holders with rights with respect
to the registration by Lionbridge of their shares of Lionbridge common stock
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

   
Lionbridge believes that all transactions described above were made on terms
no less favorable to it than would have been obtained from unaffiliated third
parties.
All future transactions, if any, with its executive officers,
directors and affiliates will be on terms no less favorable to it than could be
obtained from unrelated third parties and will be approved by a majority of the
board of directors and by a majority of the disinterested members of the board
of directors.

                         
DESCRIPTION OF DATA DIMENSIONS

BUSINESS

General

   Data Dimensions and its subsidiaries provide comprehensive, outsourced
testing, quality assurance and application development and maintenance services
through a network of test labs, field consultants and an offshore applications
solution center.
From 1991 through 1999, Data Dimensions derived the majority
of its revenue by providing solutions specifically related to the millennium
date change (Y2K).
During 2000, Data Dimensions transitioned to its current
focus of quality assurance and testing services from a strategy of providing
more general information technology services, including Y2K and other
consulting services.
Consistent with its strategy to focus on quality assurance
and testing services, Data Dimensions sold its data center outsourcing business
in December of 2000.
Data Dimensions' clients consist primarily of product
development organizations and on-line service providers, ranging from large
organizations to emerging companies in the information technology,
manufacturing, financial services and pharmaceutical industries.
Data
Dimensions was incorporated under Delaware law in 1968.

   
Data Dimensions is organized into two divisions: quality assurance and
testing and application development and maintenance.
Each division has a
mission to provide services that support specific market segments and
customers.


Industry Background

   Businesses continue to expand the use of technology to manage information
and processes and to create new and increasingly complex products.

Concurrently, software has become ubiquitous and an important component in the
development and delivery of products and services, ranging from traditional
business application software to the software built into cellular telephones,
automated teller machines, and point-of-sale devices.
With each advance in
technology, new business products or processes are created and delivered to a
broader class of customers.

   
Within this environment, many companies are challenged by the growth in the
demand for software, often outpacing their ability to design, build and test
that software.
In the past, organizations have often sacrificed speed for
quality, or vice versa.
However, in today's rapidly changing business
environment, as software becomes more business-critical, organizations can no
longer afford to sacrifice one for the other.
It is becoming increasingly
important for businesses to adopt more effective approaches to their software
development and deployment process.
Exacerbating the speed and quality trade-
off, software is becoming more complex, requiring coordinated teams of
professionals to develop and deploy it.
These teams must work in unison to meet
today's increased speed and quality needs.

   
Data Dimensions' management believes that certain market factors are driving
a demand for its services, including but not limited to, the ubiquity and
complexity of software, the growth of e-business, the existence of a shortage
of qualified and skilled personnel, the efficiencies of outsourcing, increased
time-to-market demands and growing concerns with security and privacy.


Strategy

   Data Dimensions' goal is to be the leading provider of outsourced quality
assurance and testing services.
Its strategies include the following key
elements:

   Expand Quality Assurance and Testing Practice Areas.
Data Dimensions intends
to further expand its quality assurance and testing services to address the
critical nature of today's software applications by increasing the breadth of
its services to include Web related applications, embedded devices, wireless
applications and accessibility testing.
Further, Data Dimensions seeks to
leverage technology knowledge gained

in one practice area by adding similar quality assurance and testing services
in related areas (for example, infrared and Bluetooth technologies).

   
Leverage Existing Clients.
Data Dimensions seeks to increase the services
provided to its existing clients by selling to other product groups within
product development organizations and expanding the scope of initial
engagements with smaller, emerging companies.

   
Expand Geographic Presence.
Data Dimensions intends to expand the number of
its test centers to provide additional testing capacity and greater proximity
to clients.

   
Develop Technology Partnerships and Alliances.
Data Dimensions intends to
develop partnerships and other such relationships with leading vendors of
software testing tools to provide its clients with the most appropriate testing
platforms.
Additionally, Data Dimensions intends to team with Web development
firms to provide third party testing services for end user clients.


Services

   Data Dimensions provides services designed to mitigate business risk and
allow its clients to gain confidence in their software applications.
Its
services include:

   Quality Assurance and Testing.
Comprehensive software quality assurance and
testing solutions for product development organizations and on-line service
providers from Data Dimensions' test centers and through its field consultants.

   
Quality Assurance.
Quality assurance consulting services to help client
organizations identify processes within their organization to prevent defects
(quality assurance).
In addition, Data Dimensions helps implement processes
that address the client's need for defect detection (testing).
These services
are most often delivered by Data Dimensions' field consultants at a client's
site rather than at its test centers.
These services more specifically include:

  .  
Quality Assurance Evaluation--often serving as an initial client
     engagement, the quality assurance evaluation is designed to assist
     clients in documenting, improving and/or streamlining their quality
     assurance and test function.

  .  
Test Planning--assisting clients in the preparation and management of
     the overall testing process, including the review of current development
     activities, project objectives, and the business use of the
     applications/systems; developing a test strategy to establish the
     parameters for testing; developing a test plan for the testing effort;
     creating use cases, test cases, and test scripts.

  .  
Quality Assurance Program Implementation--enactment of operational
     changes related to testing methodologies and disciplines, change
     management procedures, quality control practices, and/or application
     requirements/development standards.

   
Testing.
Application and system testing are critical steps in the release of
a new product or implementation of a new enterprise system.
In-house testing
exposes companies to a greater risk of data contamination and can even
interfere with business-critical operations.
Through a network of test centers
located in the United States and Ireland, Data Dimensions offers comprehensive
testing and training that results in production-quality products and systems.

During the process, Data Dimensions gains further insight into the latest
products, technologies and platforms.
The following exemplifies the types of
testing services provided:

  .  
Performance--Services include load/stress and scalability testing to
     determine whether features and functions perform within acceptable
     parameters for a positive user experience.

  .  
Usability--Services include compatibility and functionality testing to
     determine whether features and functions perform as intended and
     interoperate as required.

  .  
Compliance--Services include certification and validation testing to
     determine whether the software adheres to specifications.

  .  
Universality--Services include accessibility testing and localization to
     determine whether the product or service supports the special needs of
     users less able, or to address language and cultural consistency.

   
Application Development and Maintenance.
Application development and
maintenance services help clients effectively manage and enhance existing
business systems to improve performance while better controlling costs.
Under
this service offering, Data Dimensions manages clients' business applications
with the objective of improving software quality, processes, and costs.

Application development and maintenance engagements may also encompass
development of new applications, as directed by clients.
Data Dimensions
operates an offshore application solution center in Galway, Ireland, in concert
with on-site consultants, to provide its clients with application development
and maintenance services across a range of platforms and operating
environments.
Data Dimensions' application development and maintenance services
include:

  .  
Application and Web development--the design and coding of new
     applications such as knowledge portal development, legacy application
     extension and application integration.

  .  
Application maintenance and production support--management, enhancement
     and support of existing computer applications.


Sales, Marketing and Clients

   Data Dimensions markets its services through its direct sales force located
throughout the continental United States and United Kingdom.
As of March 31,
2001, the direct sales force was comprised of 18 employees.
Data Dimensions
focuses its marketing efforts on product development organizations, on-line
service providers and commercial organizations with significant technology
needs that can be addressed by Data Dimensions' quality assurance consulting,
testing, and application outsourcing services.
While Data Dimensions performs
work for organizations in a wide variety of industries, most of its revenue is
derived from the following industry groups: information technology,
manufacturing, financial services and pharmaceuticals.

   
Data Dimensions has historically derived, and may in the future derive, a
significant percentage of its total revenue from a relatively small number of
clients.
Its ten largest clients accounted for approximately 55 percent and 48
percent of its total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.
Hewlett-Packard accounted for approximately 17 percent and the
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power accounted for approximately 11
percent of Data Dimensions' consolidated revenue in 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

   
Y2K remediation services accounted for approximately 3% and 76% of Data
Dimensions' total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.
Data Dimensions does not expect any future Y2K related revenue.

   
Data Dimensions relies on its dedicated sales force to generate new clients
as well as pursue potential leads related to its quality assurance and testing
offerings.
To this end, Data Dimensions' sales personnel are encouraged to
engage in direct marketing techniques including visits to businesses within
Data Dimensions' target market.
In addition, the sales force responds to
requests for proposals, follows-up on client referrals and pursues leads
resulting from company sponsored seminars, direct mail campaigns, industry
conferences and in-bound client inquiries.

   
Data Dimensions utilizes two independent sales representatives in connection
with sales of its application development and maintenance services.
These sales
representatives operate under contracts, with one-year terms, that define the
territory and commission structure under which they market Data Dimensions'
services.

   
Data Dimensions has previously entered into license agreements with certain
domestic and international organizations pursuant to which the licensees could
resell agreed-upon company products, as well as, utilize Data Dimensions'
methodology in performing Y2K project work.
These licenses were generally
exclusive to a specific geographical territory.
As more fully described in Note
4 to its Consolidated Financial Statements, during 1999, Data Dimensions
discontinued its product-based business and consequently does not expect to
utilize such license agreements in the future.


Intellectual Property

   Data Dimensions has no patents or patent applications pending relating to
its application development and maintenance or quality assurance and testing
businesses and relies on a combination of trade secret, nondisclosure and other
contractual agreements, and copyright and trademark laws to protect its
intellectual property rights.
This intellectual property largely consists of a
documented set of processes (Modular Repeatable Processes) utilized in Data
Dimensions' application development and maintenance business and certain
software applications related to software error logging and reporting utilized
in its quality assurance and testing business.

   
Existing trade secret and copyright laws provide only limited protection.

Data Dimensions enters into confidentiality agreements with its employees, and
requires outside consultants and some clients to enter into such agreements.

Data Dimensions also protects its proprietary information by limiting access to
and distribution of proprietary information.
There can be no assurance that
these arrangements will be adequate to deter misappropriation of proprietary
information.

   
Data Dimensions' intellectual property has also consisted of its Millennium
Process and Ardes 2k which were related to its Y2K offerings.
The Millennium
Process consists of a documented set of procedures for resolving the widespread
problems caused by the inability of certain computer systems to properly
interpret dates for the year 2000 and beyond.
Data Dimensions has licensed the
use of the Millennium Process to consulting firms located throughout the world.

   
The Millennium Process has not been the subject of an infringement claim,
however there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert
infringement claims against Data Dimensions in the future, that assertion of
such claims will not result in litigation, or that Data Dimensions would
prevail in such litigation or be able to obtain a license for the use of any
infringed intellectual property from a third party on commercially reasonable
terms.
Furthermore, litigation, regardless of its outcome, could result in
substantial cost to, and diversion of effort by, Data Dimensions.
Any
infringement claim or litigation against Data Dimensions could, therefore,
materially and adversely affect Data Dimensions' business, operating results
and financial condition.

   
As more fully described in Note 4 to its Consolidated Financial Statements,
during 1999, Data Dimensions discontinued its product-based business and
consequently does not expect additional revenue to be derived from its
Millennium Process or Ardes 2k products.


Product and Technology Development

   Data Dimensions invested approximately $52,000 in capitalized product
development costs in 1998 and has made no investment since then.
The costs
incurred in 1998 consisted of personnel and other related expenses to develop
Ardes 2K and Interactive Vendor Review.
These products have been sold directly
to client and to third-party providers, including computer and software
companies, and consultants.
Data Dimensions recorded product and technology
development expense, including amortization of the capitalized costs of $0,
$900,000 and $672,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
These amounts
include write-downs of capitalized product development of $388,000 in 1999,
which is included in non-recurring charges in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations of Data Dimensions.


Competition

   The market for Data Dimensions' services is highly fragmented with many
competitors and low barriers to entry.
The competitive market factors are
service, price, flexibility and responsiveness, and the expertise and
experience of the personnel provided to clients.
Data Dimensions' competitors
include:

  .  
Independent testing labs and divisions of IT organizations, such as
     VeriTest (a division of Lionbridge) and Ajilon Software Quality Partners
     (a division of Adecco, SA).

  .  
The professional services divisions of larger organizations, such as
     International Business Machines, Unisys Corporation and Accenture.

  .  
Companies such as Keane Inc., Computer Horizons, Inc., and Ciber Inc.

  .  
Internal quality assurance and testing departments of Global 2000 and
     emerging companies.

   
Data Dimensions believes its primary advantages in the market are the
experience and expertise of its personnel in providing quality testing
solutions in conjunction with a high degree of flexibility and responsiveness
to clients' requirements.

   
Some of Data Dimensions' competitors are more established, benefit from
greater name recognition and have substantially greater financial, technical
and marketing resources than Data Dimensions.
Moreover, other than the need for
technical expertise, there are no significant proprietary or other barriers to
entry in the quality assurance and testing market.


Employees

   As of March 31, 2001, Data Dimensions employed approximately 320 full-time
employees.
None of Data Dimensions' employees are represented by a labor union,
and Data Dimensions has never experienced a work stoppage.
Data Dimensions
considers its relationship with its employees to be good.
Data Dimensions
supplements its full-time employees, when necessary, with administrative and
technical contractors and temporary personnel.
As of March 31, 2001, Data
Dimensions engaged 90 contractors and temporary personnel.


Properties

   Data Dimensions maintains its headquarters in a leased facility in Bellevue,
Washington, which lease will expire in 2002.
In addition, it maintains leased
office space for testing labs and small regional offices in the US.
Data
Dimensions also leases facilities in Cheshire, England and Galway, Ireland.
