URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/88205/000095013701500865/0000950137-01-500865.txt

We urge you to read the merger agreement
carefully.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     
As part of its strategic planning, VSI Holdings has continually reviewed
market trends and strategic opportunities for its marketing services,
organizational development and training services, and customer management
services.
It has also reviewed opportunities for expansion in areas related or
complementary to its core businesses.
In this vein, VSI Holdings has sought to
explore the ways in which it could enhance shareholder value.

     
In early 2000, at the direction of VSI Holdings' board of directors, VSI
Holdings' senior management began to examine and explore the company's ability
and capacity to grow in a meaningful way in its core markets in light of current
market trends.
Among the trends that the board considered were:

     - continued consolidation of suppliers within the automotive industry;

     - increasing customer demand for large suppliers with a broad spectrum of
       resources, services and products, the ability able to provide services
       globally and the capacity to make significant investments in advanced
       technologies; and

     - increasing competition from companies specializing in services such as
       customer relationship management, database management and e-business.

     
The VSI Holdings board considered various alternatives, including remaining
independent, expanding and seeking a strategic affiliation, including a sale and
merger.
The board considered the potential risks and costs associated with these
alternatives and determined that a strategic alliance, including a sale and
merger, with another company would facilitate the company's growth strategy and
accelerate the achievement of its strategic objectives.
Accordingly, the board
directed management to identify entities that might be interested in a strategic
affiliation with VSI Holdings, or in acquiring VSI Holdings, and that fit the
criteria outlined by the board.
These criteria included:

     - the ability to provide VSI Holdings with a significant asset base and
       global presence;

     - the prospects for growth and perceived ability to enhance shareholder
       value; and

     - the ability to provide VSI Holdings' shareholders with diversification
       and greater liquidity.

     VSI Holdings' management identified eight entities that it believed
satisfied these criteria and would provide an opportunity to implement VSI
Holdings' growth strategy and accelerate the achievement of its strategic
objectives.
Management contacted these eight entities regarding the possibility
of a strategic alliance with VSI Holdings.
As part of this process, which
occurred during the summer of 2000, members of VSI Holdings' management met with
and made presentations to each of those potential partners.

     
On August 14, 2000, the VSI Holdings' board reviewed the status and results
of those presentations.
As part of that review, management gave a presentation
to the board summarizing the status of the strategic affiliation process, its
discussions with potential partners and its evaluation of the potential
partners.
It also presented a proposed timetable for the strategic affiliation
process.
After discussion, VSI Holdings' board of directors instructed
management to continue the strategic affiliation process by conducting further
discussions with the potential partners to better assess their interest in
pursuing a strategic affiliation with VSI Holdings.

     
VSI Holdings then notified the potential partners of VSI Holdings' interest
in receiving preliminary, non-binding indications of interest for a strategic
affiliation.
Further discussions between VSI Holdings'

management and the potential partners were held between September and November
2000 and, in connection with those discussions, the potential partners received
additional material regarding VSI Holdings.

     
Following these discussions and initial due diligence by the potential
partners, three of these potential partners, including SPX, responded with
considered and defined non-binding indications of interest.

     
On December 14, 2000, VSI Holdings management reviewed the three
indications of interest with the board of directors.
Based on this review, the
board instructed management to invite SPX to conduct detailed due diligence at
VSI Holdings' headquarters.
VSI Holdings' board of directors selected SPX for
the reasons described under -- Reasons for the Merger and because:

     - SPX's preliminary indication of value for VSI Holdings was higher than
       the value indicated in the other two indications of interest;

     - SPX was willing to acquire the outstanding stock of VSI Holdings with SPX
       stock as part of the consideration in a transaction that could provide
       VSI Holdings shareholders with an opportunity for additional enhancements
       to shareholder value, while each of the other two potential partners
       expressed a strong preference for an asset purchase transaction using
       only cash as consideration and with less favorable tax consequences to
       VSI Holdings' shareholders;

     - SPX expressed a strategic vision that was more compatible with VSI
       Holdings' strategic objectives and a stronger commitment to a strategic
       affiliation with VSI Holdings;

     - SPX was larger and more diversified and could provide VSI Holdings with
       access to a more diversified customer base; and

     - SPX could provide significant shareholder liquidity through the large
       public trading market for its stock.

     
Shortly after being notified of VSI Holdings' interest in pursuing a
strategic affiliation with SPX, SPX's management received approval to commence
further due diligence regarding a transaction with VSI Holdings.
The due
diligence, which commenced in December 2000 and continued until the signing of
the merger agreement, included presentations by, and meetings with, VSI
Holdings' senior management.

     
On January 10, 2001, Steve Toth, Jr., the Chairman and CEO of VSI Holdings,
met with Tom Riordan, President, Service Solutions, of SPX, to discuss various
aspects of a proposed transaction, though no definitive agreement was reached.

In addition, in January, VSI Holdings retained McDonald Investments to provide a
fairness opinion and investigate whether a business combination with SPX would
be fair from a financial point of view to shareholders of VSI Holdings.

     
On January 19, 2001, Mr. Toth and three other executive officers of VSI
Holdings traveled to SPX's headquarters in Muskegon, Michigan and met with John
Blystone, the Chairman and CEO of SPX, to review and discuss SPX's strategic
plan and the proposed transaction.

     
On February 12, 2001, at a special meeting of VSI Holdings' board of
directors, Mr. Toth updated VSI Holdings' directors on the status of the
discussions with SPX.
Following discussions regarding the reasons for entering
into a strategic affiliation with SPX, VSI Holdings' board of directors advised
management to continue its negotiations with SPX.
At this meeting, McDonald
Investments made a presentation of the results of various financial analyses
undertaken by it with respect to a business combination with SPX.

     
Between February 13 and February 24, 2001, representatives of VSI Holdings
and SPX and their respective advisors continued negotiating toward a definitive
agreement.

     
On February 25, 2001, Messrs. Toth and Riordan met to continue discussions
on terms of the proposed transaction, including deal structure and value.
At
that time they also discussed the compatibility of VSI Holdings' interests in
Advanced Animations, Inc., its indirect investment interests in OZ Entertainment
Company and certain other assets and property with the strategic objectives of
the

combined entity following the proposed business combination of VSI Holdings and
SPX.
After Mr. Riordan suggested that Advanced Animations, the indirect
investment interests in OZ Entertainment and the other property and interests
did not constitute "core assets" and were unlikely to have any significant role
in the combined entity's strategic plan, Mr. Toth expressed a desire to
personally acquire those interests after the proposed business combination with
SPX was completed if SPX ever decided to dispose of those interests.
Mr. Toth
was desirous of acquiring Advanced Animations, the indirect investment interests
in OZ Entertainment and the other property and interests because of his
previously existing significant personal investments in OZ Entertainment.

     
In early March, following further discussions regarding SPX's interest in
divesting Advanced Animations, the indirect investment interests in OZ
Entertainment and the related property and interests following the completion of
the proposed business combination of VSI Holdings and SPX, Mr. Toth engaged his
own legal advisors to represent him in connection with a proposal to acquire
those interests.

     
On March 13, 2001, VSI Holdings' board of directors met to review the
proposed transaction with SPX and to consider and vote upon the proposed
transaction.
Representatives of VSI Holdings' senior management and their
advisors discussed with, and made presentations to, VSI Holdings' board of
directors regarding the rationale for the proposed transaction, the proposed
terms of the transaction, certain legal and tax considerations, and the terms
and provisions contained in a proposed form of merger agreement that had been
previously distributed to VSI Holdings' directors.
In addition, at this meeting,
McDonald Investments made a presentation of the results of its various financial
analyses and advised VSI Holdings' board of directors that, as of that date, the
aggregate consideration to be received by VSI Holdings shareholders in the
proposed business combination with SPX was fair from a financial point of view.

The VSI Holdings' board then discussed the presentations given by VSI Holdings'
management, financial advisors and legal counsel at this and other of its
meetings and unanimously (with all directors present and no directors
abstaining):

     - approved the proposed business combination with SPX;

     - determined that the business combination with SPX was fair and in the
       best interests of VSI Holdings and its shareholders;

     - recommended that VSI Holdings' shareholders vote FOR the business
       combination with SPX;

     - instructed senior management, with the assistance of VSI Holdings'
       advisors, to promptly finish negotiating the transaction documents; and

     - authorized VSI Holdings' officers to execute definitive transaction
       documents upon the conclusion of satisfactory negotiations.

     
In taking the foregoing actions, VSI Holdings' board of directors
considered the factors described below under -- Reasons for the Merger.
The
board did not assign any relative or specific weights to any of those factors,
and individual directors may have given differing weights to different factors.

     
During the period of March 13 to March 23, 2001, the management and
advisors of VSI Holdings and SPX worked to finalize the transaction documents.

On March 23 and 24, 2001, VSI Holdings' management discussed the proposed merger
and transaction documents with the members of VSI Holdings' board of directors.

Effective as of March 24, 2001, the members of VSI Holdings' board of directors
executed a written consent resolution approving the proposed merger and
transaction documents.
On March 24, 2001, the parties executed the merger
agreement.
At the same time, as contemplated by the merger agreement, (1) SPX,
Mr. Toth and certain persons and entities related to him entered into the
indemnity and restriction agreement and (2) SPX, Mr. Toth and an entity
controlled by him entered into an asset purchase and merger agreement providing
for the sale of Advanced Animations, the indirect investment interests in OZ
Entertainment, VSI Holdings' interest in its corporate jet and property and
interests related to those entities.
See below -- Interests of Directors and
Officers in the Merger, -- Indemnity and Restriction Agreement, -- Asset
Purchase Agreement and -- Advanced Animations Merger Agreement.

     
On March 26, 2001, before the opening of trading of SPX common stock and
VSI Holdings common stock, the parties issued a joint news release announcing
the signing of the merger agreement and the proposed merger of VSI Holdings and
SPX.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Certain matters discussed below are forward-looking statements involving
substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from targets or projected results.
Factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially include, among others, those factors described in
Risk Factors.
Many of these factors are beyond the ability of SPX or VSI
Holdings to predict or control.
We caution you not to put undue reliance on
forward-looking statements.
These statements have been made as of the date of
this proxy statement-prospectus, and you should not infer that there has been no
change in the affairs of SPX or VSI Holdings since that date that would warrant
a modification of any forward-looking statement made in this proxy
statement-prospectus.
SPX and VSI Holdings disclaim any intent or obligation to
update publicly these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

     VSI Holdings' Reasons for the Merger

     VSI Holdings' board of directors believes that VSI Holdings will become
more competitive and grow faster if it combines with SPX and becomes part of a
larger, more significantly diversified and capitalized entity.

     VSI Holdings' board of directors and management anticipate that being part
of a larger entity will provide VSI Holdings with a global scope and the
capabilities to more effectively meet customer demands in an industry where size
is becoming an increasingly more significant factor.
Indeed, the board and
management expect the merger to provide VSI Holdings with the potential to
undertake significantly larger, global projects not currently available to it
because of its smaller capitalization.
Consequently, VSI Holdings' board of
directors believes that, following the combination with SPX, VSI Holdings will
have the potential to realize greater long-term positive operating and financial
results than it would on a stand-alone basis.

     
During its deliberations, VSI Holdings' board of directors consulted with
management, legal and financial advisors, and considered a number of factors,
including those described in the preceding paragraph and the following:

     - the premium over the current trading price for VSI Holdings common stock
       represented by the consideration to be paid to VSI Holdings shareholders
       on a per share basis;

     - the increased liquidity to VSI Holdings' shareholders given (1) the fact
       that they may elect to receive a combination of cash and SPX common
       stock, and (2) the public ownership and significantly higher daily
       trading volume of SPX common stock;

     - the opportunity for VSI Holdings shareholders, through their receipt of
       SPX shares, to participate in a larger, more diversified entity and to
       participate in the combined company's perceived greater potential for
       growth and further enhancements of shareholder value;

     - that VSI Holdings had contacts with a number of potential bidders,
       including SPX, and that no other party expressed a greater commitment or
       was expected to yield a better acquisition value or more strategic
       benefits to VSI Holdings and its shareholders; and

     - the financial presentation of McDonald Investments to VSI Holdings' board
       of directors and the oral opinion of McDonald Investments to the effect
       that, as of March 13, 2001 and based upon the qualifications and
       assumptions made and matters considered by McDonald Investments described
       in its written opinion dated March 30, 2001, the consideration to be paid
       in the consolidation to the holders of VSI Holdings common stock is fair
       to VSI Holdings shareholders from a financial point of view.

     VSI Holdings' board of directors also considered the following factors:

     - the creative and innovative forces, and financial discipline, associated
       with SPX's management and business practices and the perceived potential
       of those practices to create further enhancements of shareholder value;

     - the role of the transaction in implementing and accelerating VSI
       Holdings' long-term external growth strategy by strengthening VSI
       Holdings' current market position within the automotive industry and the
       expectation that the merger would provide VSI Holdings with access to
       SPX's existing customer base and distribution network;

     - the financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of VSI
       Holdings and SPX, both on a historical and prospective basis and the
       ability of SPX's operations to provide significant revenue
       diversification;

     - the ability of VSI Holdings' senior managers to influence and participate
       in the management of VSI Holdings' operations in a meaningful way
       following the proposed combination with SPX; and

     - that VSI Holdings shareholders are only expected to recognize gain for
       U.S. tax purposes to the extent that they receive cash consideration.

     
In the course of its deliberations, VSI Holdings' board of directors also
considered a number of other items and factors, including the factors described
under -- Background of the Merger and the following:

     - the belief of management that a consolidation with SPX fit both VSI
       Holdings' long-term external growth strategy and the criteria for a
       strategic affiliation established by the board of directors;

     - the terms of the merger agreement regarding VSI Holdings' right to
       consider and negotiate other transaction proposals, as well as the
       possible effects of the termination fees;

     - the current and historical trading prices, values and volume of VSI
       Holdings common stock and SPX common stock, current and historical
       trading multiples of other comparable companies, and information
       regarding the value and prospects of VSI Holdings as an independent,
       stand-alone entity;

     - VSI Holdings' knowledge and review of the financial condition, results of
       operations and business prospects of SPX;

     - the terms and conditions of the merger and the representations,
       warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties and the conditions to
       their respective obligations, including the condition that VSI Holdings'
       shareholders approve the transaction; and

     - the impact of the merger on VSI Holdings' shareholders and employees.

     VSI Holdings' board of directors also identified and considered a variety
of potentially negative factors in its deliberations, including the following:

     - the risk that VSI Holdings shareholders might not realize the anticipated
       long-term and short-term benefits of the merger;

     - the restrictions that the merger agreement placed on VSI Holdings during
       the period between signing the merger agreement and closing the merger,
       including the parties' agreement to a fixed-exchange ratio for the
       consideration to be paid by SPX;

     - the difficulties and costs associated with undertaking a business
       combination and integrating the operations of two sizeable companies;

     - as described under -- Interests of Directors and Officers in the Merger
       below, and by virtue of certain indemnification rights, change of control
       arrangements, stock options, stock grants and positions to be held in the
       combined company, certain members of VSI Holdings' board of

directors and management might have interests in the merger that are different
than those of other VSI Holdings shareholders;

     - the possible distraction of management from day-to-day operations and
       possible concerns of employees regarding their employment status; and

     - the other risks described under Risk Factors above.

     VSI Holdings' board of directors believed that the potential benefit of the
merger outweighed these potentially negative factors and that the merger would
enable VSI Holdings' shareholders to realize greater value than VSI Holdings
could deliver to them alone.
Based on the consideration of these and other
relevant matters, at its meeting on March 13, 2001, VSI Holdings' board of
directors unanimously (with all directors present and no directors abstaining):

     - approved the merger with SPX;

     - determined that the merger was fair and in the best interest of VSI
       Holdings and its shareholders;

     - recommended that VSI Holdings' shareholders vote FOR the merger;

     - instructed senior management, with the assistance of VSI Holdings'
       advisors, to promptly finish negotiating the transaction documents; and

     - authorized VSI Holdings' officers to execute definitive transaction
       documents upon the conclusion of negotiations satisfactory to senior
       management.

     
The foregoing discussion of the factors considered by VSI Holdings' board
is not intended to be exhaustive, but is believed to include all material
factors that the board considered.
In reaching its decision to approve the
proposed consolidation with SPX, the board did not assign any relative or
specific weights to any of these factors, and individual directors may have
given differing weights to different factors.

     
SPX's Reasons for the Merger

     The merger with VSI Holdings complements the strategy of SPX's Service
Solutions segment.
A key component of this strategy is to provide a
comprehensive portfolio of professional services to Service Solutions' customer
base.
Historically, Service Solutions has focused on the service and maintenance
function of the transportation industry.
SPX anticipates that the merger with
VSI Holdings will allow Service Solutions to expand its customer base by
leveraging VSI Holdings' customer relationships.
VSI Holdings' capabilities in
marketing services, customer relationship management, organizational assessment
and event planning also bolster Service Solutions' existing professional
services capabilities, which are focused on information authoring, training
development and information technology.
Once the merger is finalized, SPX will
cross-market the combined professional services of VSI Holdings and Service
Solutions to new customers outside the automotive industry.
Many of the
competencies shared by Service Solutions and VSI Holdings can be applied to
industries such as pharmaceuticals, healthcare and financial services.
Finally,
the emerging competencies of VSI Holdings in areas such as e-Learning, e-CRM and
web development offer Service Solutions the opportunity to gain a presence in a
rapidly emerging set of markets.
SPX will also review VSI Holdings' business and
identify areas to reduce structural cost, improve operating efficiencies and
leverage technology.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

     When you consider the recommendation of VSI Holdings' board of directors
that you vote in favor of the merger, you should be aware that a number of VSI
Holdings directors and executive officers may have interests in the merger that
are different from, or in addition to, your interests as a shareholder.
These
interests are described below.
In each case, VSI Holdings' board of directors
was aware of these interests and considered them, among other matters, in
approving the merger.

     
Indemnification.  
Under the merger agreement, the indemnification and
exculpation provisions contained in SPX's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws must be at least as favorable to VSI Holdings' directors and executive
officers as the indemnification and exculpation provisions contained in VSI
Holdings' articles of incorporation and bylaws.
Moreover, for a period of six
years after the completion of the merger, those provisions may not be altered in
any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of VSI Holdings'
directors and executive officers.
In addition, SPX has agreed:

     - to indemnify VSI Holdings' directors and executive officers against any
       liabilities arising out of the merger agreement or under the Securities
       Exchange Act; and

     - to use its best efforts to obtain and maintain in effect for a period of
       six years after the completion of the merger VSI Holdings' current
       directors' and officers' liability insurance for the present directors
       and officers of VSI Holdings, subject to limitations described in the
       merger agreement.

     
Stock options.  
The approval of the merger by the shareholders of VSI
Holdings will be a "change of control" for purposes of the stock options issued
under VSI Holdings' 1997 Independent Directors Stock Option Plan.
Consequently,
all unvested options that are issued under that plan will vest and become
exercisable prior to the merger.
As of the date of this proxy
statement-prospectus, there are a total of 60,000 unvested options issued and
outstanding under that plan, each with an exercise price of $3.25 per share.

     
The following table sets forth certain information concerning the unvested
VSI Holdings stock options currently held by each of VSI Holdings' directors and
named executive officers under the 1997 Independent Directors Stock Option Plan.

                                                               NUMBER OF         VALUE OF IN-THE-MONEY
                                                          OPTIONS SUBJECT TO      OPTIONS SUBJECT TO
NAME                                                      ACCELERATED VESTING     ACCELERATED VESTING
- ----                                                      -------------------    
---------------------

Steve Toth, Jr........................................                0                      --
Thomas W. Marquis.....................................                0                      --
Harold A. Poling......................................           20,000*                $22,000
Ralph Armijo..........................................           
20,000*                 22,000
William R. James......................................           
20,000*                 22,000
Martin S. Suchik......................................                0                      --
Terry Davis...........................................                0                      --
Steve Schultz.........................................                0                      --

- ---------------

* Absent accelerated vesting, these non-qualified stock options would be subject
  to vesting in annual increments of 50% on each of May 1, 2001 and May 1, 2002.
  
These options would expire at 12:00 a.m. on May 23, 2005.

     
VSI Holdings has also granted options under its 1997 Incentive Stock Option
Plan and 1997 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan.
These plans do not provide for
accelerated vesting of the options granted under them.
Pursuant to the merger
agreement, VSI Holdings has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain
agreements from the holders of all VSI Holdings stock options for the
cancellation of their options in exchange for cash and on terms specified by
SPX.
Upon completion of the merger, those VSI Holdings stock options that are
not cancelled will be adjusted and will become options to purchase shares of SPX
common stock.
The options to purchase SPX common stock that replace any unvested
VSI Holdings stock options that are neither cancelled nor subject to accelerated
vesting in connection with the merger will be unvested and will vest in
accordance with the terms of the unvested VSI Holdings stock option.
See The
Merger -- Treatment of VSI Holdings Stock Options; Restricted Stock below.

     Stock Grants.  
As a result of the merger, all unvested stock grants made
under the VSI Holdings restricted stock plan will vest and will be exchanged in
the merger for either the all stock consideration or the combination
consideration at the holder's election.
The 66,438 shares of VSI Holdings common
stock

that are the subject of those grants will be converted into merger consideration
upon completion of the merger.
None of these shares are held by directors or
named executive officers of VSI Holdings.

     
Retention and Employment Agreements.  
In connection with the merger, SPX
has entered into retention and employment agreements with 21 "key employees" of
VSI Holdings, including Steve Schultz, VSI Holdings' Executive Vice
President-Sales.
Those agreements will only become effective upon the completion
of the merger.

     
Under each agreement, the employee will agree to continue his or her
employment as an at-will employee and will receive a stated base salary and an
opportunity to earn a bonus equal to a stated percentage of his or her base
salary in accordance with SPX's Economic Value Added Incentive Compensation
Plan.
Many of these key employees will also be eligible to receive SPX stock
options under the SPX Stock Compensation Plan and to participate in the SPX
Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the other SPX employee benefit programs.

     
Each retention and employment agreement provides that employment may be
terminated at any time with or without cause.
Each employee will also be subject
to certain confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-competition provisions.

Each VSI Holdings employee who signs a retention and employment agreement will
also be agreeing to the cancellation of all of his or her vested and unvested
VSI Holdings stock options.

     
Repayment of Indebtedness Owed to Executive Officers.  
Pursuant to the
merger agreement, SPX has agreed to repay the indebtedness of VSI Holdings and
its subsidiaries to certain of VSI Holdings' executive officers and their
affiliates outstanding at the time the merger is completed.
The following table
sets forth certain information regarding that indebtedness as of the date of the
merger agreement.

                                                                    
PRINCIPAL
PAYEE                                                           AMOUNT OUTSTANDING
- -----                                                           ------------------

Margaret A. Toth, Trustee U/A/D 7/9/82 F/B/O Margaret
  Toth......................................................      $3,177,401.10
Terry Davis.................................................         877,293.07
Tom Marquis.................................................          
52,637.58
Steve Toth, Jr., Trustee U/A/D 12/20/76 F/B/O Steve Toth,
  Jr........................................................       6,556,626.60

     Other Matters.  
Steve Toth, Jr., VSI Holdings' Chairman and CEO, also has
interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to your
interests as a shareholder because he is a party to, and his interest in the
transactions contemplated by, the indemnity and restriction agreement, the asset
purchase agreement and the Advanced Animations merger agreement.
For a
description of those agreements and Mr. Toth's interests therein, you should
refer to -- Indemnity and Restriction Agreement, -- Asset Purchase Agreement and
- -- Advanced Animations Merger Agreement below.


VSI HOLDINGS BOARD APPROVAL AND RECOMMENDATION OF THE MERGER

     VSI Holdings' board of directors believes that the merger agreement is fair
to, and in the best interests of, VSI Holdings and its shareholders.
It has
unanimously adopted the merger and recommends that VSI Holdings shareholders
vote for its approval.


THE MERGER; EFFECTIVE TIME

     The merger agreement provides that upon completion of the merger, VSI
Holdings will merge with and into SPX.
SPX will be the surviving corporation in
the merger and will continue its corporate existence under Delaware law.
The
corporate existence of VSI Holdings will cease as a result of the merger.
On the
closing date of the merger, SPX and VSI Holdings will file certificates of
merger with the Delaware Secretary of State and the Georgia Secretary of State.

The merger will be effective at the time of the filing of the certificates of
merger.


MERGER CONSIDERATION

     Upon completion of the merger and subject to the limitations and proration
procedure as described below, the outstanding shares of VSI Holdings common
stock held by each VSI Holdings shareholder will be automatically canceled and
converted into the right to receive one of the following forms of consideration
(determined as of the effective time of the merger):

     - stock consideration equal to 0.043 shares of SPX common stock for each
       share of VSI Holdings common stock held by the VSI Holdings shareholder;
       or

     - a combination of cash consideration in the form of a cash payment equal
       to $4.35 per share for 45% of the shares of VSI Holdings common stock
       held by the VSI Holdings shareholder and stock consideration equal to
       0.043 shares of SPX common stock for the remaining 55% of the shares of
       VSI Holdings common stock held by the shareholder.


ELECTION OF FORM OF CONSIDERATION; CONVERSION OF SHARES

     Using the enclosed form of election and letter of transmittal, you may
specify whether you would like to have your shares of VSI Holdings common stock
converted into the right to receive the all stock consideration, or a
combination of cash and stock consideration.
The number of shares of VSI
Holdings common stock converted to the right to receive cash consideration in
accordance with the combination cash and stock election may be adjusted in order
to preserve the intended tax-free nature of the transaction as described below.

     
THE FORM OF ELECTION AND LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL MUST BE RETURNED TO
EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., THE EXCHANGE AGENT, BY THE ELECTION DEADLINE,
WHICH WILL BE 5:00 P.M. EASTERN DAYLIGHT SAVINGS TIME           , 2001 (OR, IF
THE MEETING OF VSI HOLDINGS SHAREHOLDERS TO APPROVE THE MERGER IS POSTPONED, TWO
BUSINESS DAYS BEFORE THE DATE OF THE MEETING).
Any shares of VSI Holdings common
stock held by VSI Holdings shareholders who did not return the election form
before that time will automatically be converted into the right to receive the
all stock consideration.

     
At the effective time of the merger, VSI Holdings common stock will
automatically convert into the right to receive the merger consideration.
If you
elect the all stock consideration, each share of VSI Holdings common stock that
you hold will be converted into the right to receive the stock consideration of
0.043 shares of SPX common stock.
If you elect a combination of cash and stock
consideration, each share of VSI Holdings common stock that you hold will be
converted into a combination of cash and SPX common stock.

     
If you elect the combination consideration and there is no need to adjust
the proportion of cash and SPX common stock in the combination consideration,
then 45% of your VSI Holdings shares will be converted to cash at the rate of
$4.35 per share and 55% of your VSI Holdings shares will be converted to SPX
common stock at the rate of 0.043 SPX shares for each VSI Holdings share.

However, the merger agreement permits SPX to reduce the amount of cash and
increase the amount of SPX stock paid to VSI Holdings shareholders electing the
combination consideration if the sum of the cash to be paid by SPX upon
conversion of VSI Holdings shares that VSI Holdings shareholders elect to
convert to cash plus the amount of related party debt of VSI Holdings to be
assumed by SPX is greater than the non-stock consideration permitted under
Section 3.02 of Rev. Proc. 77-37, 1977-2 C.B. 568.

     
In Rev. Proc. 77-37, 1977-2, C.B. 568, the Internal Revenue Service has set
forth its guidelines for determining whether the Internal Revenue Service will
issue a ruling as to the tax consequences of a corporate reorganization.
Section
3.02 of Rev. Proc. 77-37 states that the "continuity of interest" requirement,
which must be satisfied in order for a merger to qualify as a reorganization for
purposes of Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
will be satisfied for purposes of issuing a ruling if, as of the effective date
of a merger, at least 50% of the value of all of the formerly outstanding stock
of a target company is exchanged for stock of the acquiring company.
Thus,
Section 3.02 of Rev. Proc. 77-37 permits no more than 50% of the total
consideration paid by an acquiring corporation

in a merger to be in the form of cash consideration.
For this purpose, the cash
consideration paid by SPX in the merger will include:

     - any cash paid by SPX upon conversion of VSI Holdings shares;

     - any cash paid for fractional shares; and

     - the amount of related party debt of VSI Holdings assumed by SPX.

     
The total consideration paid by SPX will equal the cash consideration plus
the aggregate value, as of the closing date, of all SPX shares issued upon
conversion of VSI Holdings shares.

     
If the cash consideration to be paid by SPX would exceed 50% of the total
consideration to be paid by SPX, then SPX will, on a pro rata basis among VSI
Holdings shareholders electing the combination consideration, reduce the
proportion of VSI Holdings shares converted to cash and increase the proportion
of VSI Holdings shares converted to SPX shares to the extent necessary to cause
the cash consideration to equal 50% of the total consideration paid by SPX.

     
As of April 16, 2001, the amount of VSI Holdings related party debt to be
assumed by SPX is $11,805,396.
Based on this amount and assuming a per share
market price for SPX common stock on the closing date of $92.00, if all VSI
Holdings shareholders elect the combination consideration and if all holders of
VSI Holdings options with an exercise price less than $4.35 exercise those
options prior to the effective time of the merger, the percentage of VSI
Holdings shares that are actually converted to cash will be reduced from 45% to
43.394% and the percentage converted to SPX shares will be increased from 55% to
56.606%.
To the extent that the price of SPX common stock on the closing date is
higher or lower than $92.00 and to the extent that the amount of VSI Holdings
related party debt assumed by SPX is more or less than $11,805,396, the
adjustment required, if any, to the proportion between cash consideration and
stock consideration paid to VSI Holdings shareholders electing the combination
consideration will be affected.


EXCHANGE AGENT; PROCEDURES FOR EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

     Immediately prior to the completion of the merger, SPX will deposit all of
the merger consideration with the exchange agent, who will distribute it to VSI
Holdings shareholders.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, SPX has appointed
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. to act as exchange agent for the merger.

     
In addition to allowing you to elect between the all stock consideration
and the combination cash and stock consideration, the form of election and
letter of transmittal contains instructions on how to surrender VSI Holdings
stock certificates to the exchange agent and receive the merger consideration.

Upon completion of the merger, each certificate that previously represented
shares of VSI Holdings common stock will represent only the right to receive the
merger consideration into which the shares of VSI Holdings common stock were
converted in the merger and any cash payable in lieu of fractional shares of SPX
common stock.
After a holder surrenders his or her certificates, any unpaid
dividends and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of SPX common stock payable
as described below will be paid to the holder without interest.

     
VSI Holdings shareholders will not receive interest on any cash
consideration they receive.
No dividend or distribution with respect to shares
of SPX common stock will be payable on or with respect to any fractional share,
and fractional share interests will not entitle their owners to vote or to any
other rights of an SPX stockholder.
In lieu of any fractional share of SPX
common stock, SPX will pay to each former VSI Holdings shareholder who otherwise
would be entitled to receive a fractional share of SPX common stock an amount in
cash equal to $101.17 multiplied by the fractional share of VSI Holdings common
stock to which the holder would otherwise be entitled.
SPX will not pay declared
dividends or distributions to persons entitled to receive certificates for
shares of SPX common stock until they surrender their VSI Holdings stock
certificates for SPX common stock, at which time SPX will pay the dividends or
distributions.
In no event will the persons entitled to receive these dividends
be entitled to interest on them.


TREATMENT OF VSI HOLDINGS STOCK OPTIONS; RESTRICTED STOCK

     Pursuant to the merger agreement, VSI Holdings has agreed to use its
reasonable best efforts to obtain agreements from the holders of VSI Holdings
stock options for the cancellation of those options in exchange for cash and on
terms specified by SPX.
Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding and
unexercised option to purchase VSI Holdings' common stock, whether vested or
unvested, will be automatically converted into an option to purchase a number of
shares of SPX common stock equal to the number of shares of VSI Holdings common
stock covered under the VSI Holdings stock option multiplied by 0.043 at a per
share price equal to the exercise price specified in the VSI Holdings stock
option divided by 0.043.
Each newly issued SPX stock option will contain terms
that are substantially similar to those governing the original VSI Holdings
stock option.

     
Any unvested restricted shares of VSI Holdings common stock awarded to
employees, directors or consultants pursuant to any of VSI Holdings' plans or
arrangements and outstanding at the effective time of the merger will become
fully vested and treated as outstanding shares of VSI Holdings common stock.
If
you hold VSI Holdings restricted stock, it will be included in the election you
make on the form of election.

     
SPX will file any required registration statements (on Form S-8 or other
appropriate form) with respect to each VSI Holdings stock option converted into
an SPX stock option as well as the shares of SPX common stock underlying the
option.
SPX will keep the registration statements current as long as the options
remain outstanding.


GOVERNANCE FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     After the merger is completed, the directors and officers of SPX will
remain the directors and officers of SPX until their successors are duly
elected, appointed or qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or
removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of
SPX.

     
Upon completion of the merger, SPX's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws will remain unchanged and will constitute the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The merger agreement contains customary mutual representations and
warranties by each of VSI Holdings and SPX.
The most significant of these
include:

     - due incorporation and good standing;

     - capitalization;

     - authorization and enforceability;

     - consents and approvals necessary to complete the merger;

     - shareholder vote requirement;

     - financial statements;

     - changes in business or the occurrence of certain events since the end of
       its most recent fiscal year, and undisclosed liabilities;

     - compliance with applicable laws; and

     - required filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

     VSI Holdings made additional representations and warranties in the merger
agreement regarding aspects of its business, financial condition, structure and
other facts pertinent to the merger, including:

     - corporate structure;

     - permits and licenses necessary for the operation of business;

     - pending or threatened litigation;

     - material contracts;

     - employees, labor and employee benefits matters;

     - tangible assets;

     - tax matters;

     - fairness opinion;

     - insurance;

     - environmental matters;

     - real property;

     - notes and accounts receivable;

     - intellectual property;

     - guaranties; and

     - investments.

     
SPX also made representations and warranties in the merger agreement
regarding its financing of the transaction and the tax-free nature of the
transaction.


VSI HOLDINGS' CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS BEFORE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     VSI Holdings has agreed that, until the completion of the merger or unless
SPX consents in writing, it will carry on its business in the ordinary course
and will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business
organization, to keep available the services of its officers and key employees,
and to maintain satisfactory relationships with all persons with whom it does
business.
VSI Holdings has also agreed that, until the completion of the merger
or unless SPX consents in writing, it will conduct its business in compliance
with specific restrictions relating to the following:

     - the issuance and redemption of securities;

     - employees and employee benefits and remuneration;

     - the issuance of dividends or other distributions;

     - modification of articles of incorporation or bylaws;

     - the acquisition of assets or other entities;

     - the disposition of assets;

     - capital expenditures or other investments;

     - the incurrence of indebtedness;

     - the settlement of litigation;

     - the entering into of contracts;

     - maintenance of books, accounts and records; and

     - maintenance of debt as of September 30, 2000.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     
The obligations of SPX and VSI Holdings to complete the merger are subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of closing conditions.
These conditions are
provided in detail in the merger agreement and include the following:

     - the merger agreement and the merger are approved by the VSI Holdings
       shareholders;

     - no injunction or order preventing the completion of the merger is in
       effect;

     - all necessary federal and state governmental and regulatory approvals are
       obtained, and the relevant waiting period imposed under the antitrust
       laws expires;

     - the Form S-4 registration statement of SPX, of which this proxy
       statement-prospectus is a part, becomes effective and is not the subject
       of any stop order or proceeding seeking a stop order;

     - the SPX common stock to be issued in the merger is authorized for listing
       on the NYSE;

     - the representations and warranties made by the other party are true and
       correct in all material respects on the date of the merger as if they
       were made on that date, unless they were originally stated to be true as
       of a specific earlier date, in which case they must still have been true
       on that date, unless their failure to be true would not reasonably have a
       material adverse effect on the other party; and

     - the other party has performed all obligations and complied with all
       covenants required by the merger agreement in all material respects.

     
VSI Holdings also has the right not to complete the merger if:

     - VSI Holdings' tax counsel fails to deliver a bring-down opinion at
       closing, that, if the merger is completed in accordance with the terms of
       the merger agreement, the merger will constitute a reorganization for
       federal income tax purposes; or

     - SPX has not repaid certain indebtedness of VSI Holdings to Steve Toth,
       Jr., the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of VSI Holdings, and
       certain other VSI Holdings shareholders or to refinance VSI Holdings'
       bank debt.

     
SPX also has the right not to complete the merger if:

     - SPX's tax counsel fails to deliver a bring-down opinion at closing, that,
       if the merger is completed in accordance with the terms of the merger
       agreement, the merger will constitute a reorganization for federal income
       tax purposes; or

     - all conditions to the closing of the sale of assets by VSI Holdings to
       SPX described below under -- Asset Purchase Agreement have not been met.


REGULATORY APPROVALS

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
SPX and VSI Holdings may not complete the merger until:

     - notifications are given to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
       Division of the United States Department of Justice;

     - information is furnished to the Federal Trade Commission and the
       Antitrust Division; and

     - specified waiting period requirements are satisfied or terminated.

     
In connection with the merger, on April 9, 2001, VSI Holdings filed and, on
April 10, 2001, SPX filed a Pre-Merger Notification and Report Form under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act with the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
Division of the United States Justice Department.
At any time before or after
the merger, the Antitrust Division or the Federal Trade Commission could, among
other things, seek

to enjoin the completion of the merger or seek the divestiture of substantial
assets of SPX or VSI Holdings.
Although SPX and VSI Holdings believe that the
merger is legal under the United States antitrust laws, there can be no
assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not be made
or, if a challenge is made, that it would not be successful.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER

     SPX and VSI Holdings may agree to terminate the merger agreement at any
time.
In addition, either party may terminate the merger agreement, whether
before or after approval by the VSI Holdings shareholders, if:

     - the merger is not completed by June 30, 2001, subject to an extension by
       SPX or VSI Holdings:

             (1) to a date not later than July 30, 2001 in order to cure a
        breach of a representation, warranty or covenant, obtain the opinion of
        tax counsel regarding the treatment of the merger for federal income tax
        purposes, or to call and hold the meeting of VSI Holdings shareholders,
        or

             (2) to a date not later than August 31, 2001, in the event this
        prospectus-proxy statement has not been declared effective in time to
        hold the meeting of VSI Holdings shareholders on or prior to June 30,
        2001;

     - VSI Holdings shareholders do not approve the merger agreement at the
       meeting called to vote on the merger proposal;

     - a law or regulation makes the merger illegal, or any order of injunction
       permanently prohibits the merger; or

     - the other party breaches, in any material respect, its representations,
       warranties or covenants, the breach constitutes a material adverse effect
       on the other party and the breach is not reasonably cured by the
       applicable closing deadline.

     
VSI Holdings may terminate the merger agreement if, prior to approval of
the merger agreement by VSI Holdings' shareholders, VSI Holdings' board of
directors determines in good faith, with the advice of its independent financial
advisors, that it has received a takeover proposal from another party that
constitutes a superior transaction to the transaction with SPX.

     
SPX may terminate the merger agreement if VSI Holdings' board of directors:

     - withdraws or modifies, or resolves to withdraw or modify, in a manner
       adverse to SPX, its approval of the merger agreement or recommendation
       that VSI Holdings shareholders vote in favor of the merger agreement;

     - approves or recommends, or resolves to approve or recommend, to VSI
       Holdings shareholders a takeover proposal from another party that
       constitutes a superior transaction to the transaction with SPX; or

     - does not call, or resolves not to call, the special meeting of VSI
       Holdings shareholders within a reasonable time after the SEC declares the
       registration statement effective.


EFFECT OF TERMINATION

     VSI Holdings will be required to pay SPX a fee of $9 million in the event
the merger agreement is terminated:

     - due to VSI Holdings' failure to obtain shareholder approval at the
       meeting called for that purpose;

     - by SPX if the only reason that the merger has not been completed is due
       to VSI Holdings' failure to obtain the previously mentioned opinion of
       counsel regarding the effect of the reorganization for federal income tax
       purposes where SPX has obtained a letter from nationally recognized tax
       counsel stating that it would execute and deliver the opinion on behalf
       of VSI Holdings, SPX has

       delivered the opinion of its own tax counsel to VSI Holdings, and SPX and
       VSI Holdings have delivered the tax representations certificates required
       of them; or

     - by SPX as a result of a breach by VSI Holdings in any material respect of
       any of its representations, warranties or covenants under the merger
       agreement, if (1) the breach constitutes a VSI Holdings material adverse
       effect, as defined in the merger agreement, and (2) SPX has given written
       notice to VSI Holdings of the breach promptly after learning of it and
       VSI Holdings has not reasonably cured the breach on or prior to the
       applicable closing deadline.

     
In addition, VSI Holdings will be required to pay the fee in the event
that:

     - after the date of the merger agreement and prior to the termination of
       the merger agreement a third party makes known to VSI Holdings a bona
       fide takeover proposal, as defined in the merger agreement, makes a
       takeover proposal directly to VSI Holdings' shareholders or publicly
       announces its intention (whether conditional or unconditional) to make a
       takeover proposal, and thereafter:

             (1) SPX terminates the merger agreement after the VSI Holdings
        board of directors has withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to SPX
        the board's approval or recommendation of the approval of the merger
        agreement by the VSI Holdings shareholders or approves or recommends a
        superior transaction (as defined in the merger agreement); or

             (2) VSI Holdings terminates the merger agreement if, prior to the
        approval of the merger agreement by the VSI Holdings shareholders, the
        VSI Holdings board of directors determines in good faith by majority
        vote, with respect to any takeover proposal received by VSI Holdings
        after the date of the merger agreement that it constitutes a superior
        transaction (as defined in the merger agreement) and is in the best
        interest of VSI Holdings and its shareholders and the board of directors
        of VSI Holdings has received the advice of McDonald Investments as to
        whether the takeover proposal constitutes a superior transaction.

     
The fee is intended to compensate SPX for fees and expenses that it
incurred prior to termination, the preparation of the agreement and the
transaction contemplated by the agreement.
In addition, if the merger agreement
is terminated, SPX may not hire or solicit for employment any officer or key
management employee of VSI Holdings.

     
VSI Holdings will not be liable for any breach or breaches of any
representation, warranty or covenant unless SPX terminates the merger agreement
as a result of the breach or breaches.
Furthermore, any liability of VSI
Holdings for breaches of representations and warranties will be limited to the
lesser of the actual damages incurred by SPX as a direct result of the breaches
or $9 million.
In the case of any breaches of covenants by VSI Holdings, VSI
Holdings' liability will be limited to payment of the $9 million termination
fee.

     
SPX will not be liable for any breach or breaches of any representation,
warranty or covenant unless VSI Holdings terminates the merger agreement as a
result of the breach or breaches.
Furthermore, any liability of SPX for breaches
of representations, warranties or covenants will be limited to the lesser of the
actual damages incurred by VSI Holdings as a direct result of the breaches or $9
million, except in the case of willful breaches of material covenants that
result in the merger not closing, in which case this limit will not apply.


INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

     Under the merger agreement, SPX has agreed to indemnify the current and
former officers, directors, agents and employees of VSI Holdings and its
subsidiaries (other than Advanced Animations) for acts or omissions occurring at
or prior to the effective time of the merger.
SPX has further agreed that the
indemnification and exculpation provisions in the SPX certificate of
incorporation and bylaws will be at least as favorable to those persons as the
provisions currently applicable to them and will not be amended, repealed or
otherwise modified for a period of six years after the merger in any manner that
would adversely affect the rights thereunder of these individuals.

     
The merger agreement also provides that, for six years after the effective
time of the merger, SPX will obtain and maintain liability insurance covering
acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the merger for those
persons who were covered by VSI Holdings' directors' and officers' liability
insurance policy.
These policies will continue under the same terms and in
amounts no less favorable than those in effect on the date of the merger
agreement.
SPX, however, will not be required to pay more than 300% of the
amount paid by VSI Holdings in 2000 to maintain that insurance, and, in the
event that the annual premiums exceed 300%, SPX will obtain a policy with the
greatest coverage available for a cost not exceeding that amount.


INDEMNITY AND RESTRICTION AGREEMENT

     Contemporaneously with the execution of the merger agreement, Steve Toth,
Jr., individually, as well as several entities owned and/or controlled by Mr.
Toth, his wife and their daughter executed and delivered to SPX an indemnity and
restriction agreement.
The agreement is attached to this proxy
statement-prospectus as Appendix B, and we urge you to read it carefully.
Mr.
Toth is the Chairman and CEO of VSI Holdings and is the beneficial owner, or is
deemed to share control, of approximately 27,905,755 shares of VSI Holdings
common stock.
In the indemnity and restriction agreement, Mr. Toth agreed to pay
or reimburse SPX for certain losses, fees and expenses related to certain
specifically enumerated matters, as more particularly set forth in the
agreement.
In addition, Mr. Toth agreed to pay all legal fees and expenses
(including investment banking fees) that VSI Holdings incurs in connection with
the merger in excess of $1.5 million.
To secure Mr. Toth's indemnification
obligations, Mr. Toth agreed to escrow 64,248 shares of SPX common stock that he
will receive as stock consideration for the merger.
After one year, the escrow
agent will release to Mr. Toth the lesser of 32,124 shares and the amount
obtained by subtracting the number of shares representing the value of contested
claims, if any, plus any other fees and expenses to be reimbursed by Toth under
the indemnity and restriction agreement from 32,124 shares.
After two years, the
escrow agent will release the balance of the pledged stock less any claimed
amounts.
Mr. Toth and the entities that signed the agreement also agreed that
they would not, in any 90-day period and for a period of one year from the date
of the agreement, sell, transfer or dispose of 25% or more of the aggregate
shares of SPX common stock that they receive in the merger.
Finally, Mr. Toth
agreed not to compete with SPX or solicit employees or customers of SPX for a
five-year period.


OPINION OF VSI HOLDINGS' FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Introduction

     VSI Holdings asked McDonald Investments to render an opinion to VSI
Holdings' board as to the fairness to VSI Holdings' shareholders of the merger
consideration from a financial point of view.
On March 13, 2001, McDonald
Investments delivered its oral opinion that, as of that date and based upon and
subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications contained in its
opinion, the merger consideration was fair to VSI Holdings' shareholders from a
financial point of view.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF THE WRITTEN OPINION OF MCDONALD INVESTMENTS DATED MARCH
30, 2001 IS ATTACHED TO THIS DOCUMENT
AS APPENDIX C.
YOU ARE URGED TO READ THAT
OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED,
OTHER MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITS OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN IN ARRIVING AT THAT
OPINION.
THE DESCRIPTION OF MCDONALD INVESTMENTS' OPINION CONTAINED IN THIS
DOCUMENT IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE
OPINION.

     
VSI Holdings retained McDonald Investments to serve as an advisor to its
board and not as an advisor to or agent of any of VSI Holdings' shareholders.

McDonald Investments prepared its opinion for VSI Holdings' board, and that
opinion is directed only to the fairness of the merger consideration to VSI
Holdings' shareholders from a financial point of view.
McDonald Investments'
opinion does not address the merits of VSI Holdings' decision to engage in the
merger or other business strategies considered by VSI Holdings' board, nor does
it address the board's decision to proceed with the merger.
McDonald

Investments' opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any VSI Holdings
shareholder as to how that shareholder should vote at VSI Holdings' special
meeting of shareholders.

     
VSI Holdings retained McDonald Investments solely to render the fairness
opinion.
McDonald Investments did not participate in the negotiations between
the parties regarding the merger consideration.
VSI Holdings imposed no
restrictions or limitations on McDonald Investments with respect to the
investigations made or the procedures followed by McDonald Investments in
rendering its opinion.

     
In rendering its written opinion, McDonald Investments reviewed, among
other things:

     - the merger agreement between VSI Holdings and SPX, including the exhibits
       and schedules;

     - the asset purchase agreement among SPX, PII Ventures and Steve Toth, Jr.;

     - the form of agreement and plan of merger between PII Ventures and
       Advanced Animations;

     - Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the last four fiscal years, Quarterly
       Reports on Form 10-Q and other publicly available information about VSI
       Holdings and SPX;

     - internal business and financial information, including projections,
       furnished to McDonald Investments by VSI Holdings' management;

     - publicly available information concerning historical stock prices and
       trading volumes for VSI Holdings' common stock and SPX's common stock;

     - publicly available information for certain other companies that McDonald
       Investments thought were comparable to VSI Holdings or SPX and the
       trading markets for certain of those other companies' securities; and

     - publicly available information about the nature and terms of other
       business combination transactions that McDonald Investments considered
       relevant to its analysis of this transaction.


McDonald Investments also met with officers and employees of VSI Holdings to
discuss VSI Holdings' business and prospects and other matters that McDonald
Investments believed were relevant.

     
You should note that in rendering its opinion, McDonald Investments relied
upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other information
provided to it or publicly available.
McDonald Investments also assumed and
relied upon the accuracy of representations and warranties of VSI Holdings and
SPX contained in the merger agreement.
McDonald Investments was not engaged to
verify, and did not independently attempt to verify, any of the information.

McDonald Investments also relied upon VSI Holdings' management as to the
reasonableness and achievability of the financial and operating projections, as
well as the assumptions and bases for those projections, and assumed that they
reflected the best currently available estimates and judgment of VSI Holdings'
management.
VSI Holdings did not engage McDonald Investments to assess the
reasonableness or achievability of those projections or the assumptions
underlying them and expressed no view on those matters.
McDonald Investments did
not conduct a physical inspection or appraisal of any of the assets, properties
or facilities of either VSI Holdings or SPX, nor was it furnished with any
evaluation or appraisal of those assets, properties or facilities.
McDonald
Investments also assumed that the conditions to the merger in the merger
agreement would be satisfied and that the merger would be completed on a timely
basis in the manner contemplated by the merger agreement.

     
McDonald Investments' opinion is based on economic and market conditions
and other circumstances existing on the date of its opinion.
McDonald
Investments' opinion does not address any matters subsequent to its date,
including the value of SPX's common stock when it is issued to VSI Holdings'
shareholders.
McDonald Investments' opinion is limited to the fairness, as of
the date of the opinion, from a financial point of view of the merger
consideration and does not address VSI Holdings' underlying business decision to
effect the merger or any other terms of the merger.

     
You should understand that, although subsequent developments may affect its
opinion, McDonald Investments does not have to update, revise or reaffirm its
opinion.

     
McDonald Investments' Analysis

     McDonald Investments developed several analyses to evaluate the merger
consideration.
These were a leveraged buyout analysis, a discounted cash flow
analysis, a comparable public company analysis and a comparable merger and
acquisition analysis.
The following is a brief summary of the analyses performed
by McDonald Investments to arrive at its opinion.
The results determined from
any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
predictive of future results or values and are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty.

     
Leveraged Buyout Analysis.  
McDonald Investments performed a leveraged
buyout analysis to determine the price a hypothetical financial buyer could
afford to pay under prevailing market conditions.
For purposes of this analysis,
McDonald Investments used VSI Holdings' results for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2000 and management's financial projections for fiscal years 2001
through 2005.
McDonald Investments based this analysis on the following
assumptions:

     -  a market rate of interest on revolving debt of 8.0%, a market rate of
        return on senior term debt of 8.0% and a market rate of return on
        subordinated debt of 12.0%;

     -  maximum senior debt determined by the current market conditions for
        asset based loans;

     -  expected internal rate of return of 29.8% for the equity investor; and

     -  expected internal rate of return of 20.0% for the subordinated debt
        lender.

     
This methodology implied a valuation of between $1.93 and $2.52 per share,
as compared to the $4.35 per share merger consideration.

     
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  
McDonald Investments performed a discounted
cash flow analysis to calculate VSI Holdings' implied present value per share
based on management's projections for fiscal year 2001 through fiscal year 2005.

Using this information, McDonald Investments calculated the free cash flows VSI
Holdings could generate through fiscal year 2005.
McDonald Investments also
calculated an estimated terminal value for VSI Holdings at the end of 2005 based
on a terminal multiple of 6.5 times earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA.
These future cash flows and terminal
value were discounted using a discount rate of 15.1%.
In deriving the discount
rate, McDonald Investments calculated a weighted average cost of capital for VSI
Holdings utilizing the capital asset pricing model.
The sum of the present value
of the free cash flows and terminal values less outstanding debt plus existing
cash yielded implied prices per share ranging from $2.67 per share to $3.57 per
share, as compared to the merger consideration of $4.35 per share.

     
Inherent in any discounted cash flow valuation are the use of a number of
assumptions, including the accuracy of management's projections, and the
subjective determination of an appropriate terminal value and discount rate to
apply to the projected cash flows of the entity under examination.
Variations in
any of these assumptions or judgments could significantly alter the results of a
discounted cash flow analysis.

     
Comparable Public Company Analysis.  
McDonald Investments' comparable
public company analysis involves an analysis of publicly traded companies that
it considered to be comparable to VSI Holdings with regard to industry,
operations, performance and/or markets served.
This analysis is based on the
theory that the market value of a company can be estimated by deriving market
multiples from publicly traded companies that relate their stock prices to
earnings, cash flows or other measures of the target company.
No company used as
a comparison in this analysis is identical to VSI Holdings.

     
McDonald Investments selected public companies that, in its estimation,
were reasonably similar in scope of operations to VSI Holdings.
The companies
selected were TeleTech Holdings, Inc., APAC Customer Services, Inc., SITEL
Corp., Aegis Communications Group, Boron, LePore & Associates, Inc., RMH
Teleservices, Inc., Access Worldwide Communications, Inc. and Innotrac
Corporation.
This group includes companies with market values of between $9.1
million and $926.5 million.

     
The data and ratios McDonald Investments compared included, among other
things:

     -  enterprise value to latest twelve months sales;

     -  enterprise value to latest twelve months EBITDA;

     -  enterprise value to latest twelve months EBIT;

     -  market value to book value;

     -  current stock price to earnings per share for the latest twelve months;

     -  current stock price to estimated earnings per share for fiscal 2001;

     -  current stock price to estimated earnings per share for fiscal 2002; and

     -  current stock price to estimated earnings growth for fiscal 2002.

     
Enterprise value is defined as market value, plus the book value of debt,
less cash and cash equivalents.
Market value is defined as current stock price
multiplied by outstanding shares.
McDonald Investments applied the valuation
multiples, reflecting the average and median multiples of the comparable
companies.
The table below illustrates the range of valuation multiples, as well
as the average and median multiples, for the comparable group resulting from
this analysis.
It also shows the valuation multiples for VSI Holdings implied by
the merger consideration.

                    
SUMMARY OF ANALYSIS OF PUBLIC COMPANY VALUATION MULTIPLES
                    ---------------------------------------------------------
LATEST TWELVE MONTHS                                 RANGE       AVERAGE    MEDIAN    VSI HOLDINGS
- --------------------                              -----------    -------    ------    ------------

Enterprise Value/Sales..........................    
0.2x-1.2x      0.6x      0.5x         0.9x
Enterprise Value/EBITDA.........................   3.8x-23.7x     10.0x      8.2x         8.5x
Enterprise Value/EBIT...........................   8.3x-32.2x     17.4x     15.9x        12.1x
Market Value/Book Value.........................    0.2x-3.6x      1.7x      1.5x         4.1x
Price/Earnings..................................  
14.4x-28.8x     21.0x     20.5x        18.6x
2001 Price/Earnings.............................   
9.6x-27.3x     17.2x     16.0x        12.4x
2002 Price/Earnings.............................  
10.9x-14.6x     12.6x     12.3x         7.3x
2002 PEG Ratio..................................    
0.3x-0.3x      0.3x      0.3x         0.1x

This method implied a valuation of between $2.67 and $3.27 per share, as
compared to the merger consideration of $4.35 per share.

     
Comparable Merger and Acquisition Analysis.  
McDonald Investments analyzed
information related to seven selected merger and acquisition transactions for
which public information was available.
They conducted this analysis to
determine relevant valuation multiples for transactions considered similar to
the merger.
No transaction used as a comparison in this analysis is identical to
the merger.
McDonald Investments identified transactions of companies and
industries related to VSI Holdings, including marketing and advertising
companies that utilize in-person, telephonic and on-line means to provide
services to their customers.
After reviewing the transactions where financial
information was available, McDonald Investments applied the median transaction
multiples resulting from this analysis to VSI Holdings' latest twelve months
sales, EBIT and EBITDA figures to derive an implied valuation for VSI Holdings.

This methodology implied a valuation of between $4.46 and $5.65 per share, as
compared to the merger consideration of $4.35 per share.

                  
SUMMARY OF ANALYSIS OF SELECTED ACQUISITION TRANSACTIONS
                  --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                RANGE       AVERAGE    MEDIAN
                                                              ----------    -------    ------

Enterprise Value/Revenue....................................   
0.1x-2.5x      1.5x      1.5x
Enterprise Value/EBIT.......................................  6.5x-19.1x     13.1x     14.6x
Enterprise Value/EBITDA.....................................  
12.2x-5.9x      9.0x      9.5x

     Conclusion

     This summary describes the principal elements of McDonald Investments'
presentation to VSI Holdings' board on March 13, 2001 and its written opinion
dated March 30, 2001.
The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances.
A
fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description.
Each of the
analyses conducted by McDonald Investments was carried out to provide a
different perspective on the transaction and add to the total mix of information
available.
McDonald Investments did not form a conclusion as to whether any
individual analysis, considered in isolation, supported or failed to support an
opinion as to fairness from a financial point of view.
Rather, in reaching its
conclusion, McDonald Investments considered the results of the analyses in light
of each other and ultimately reached its opinion based upon the results of all
analyses taken as a whole.
McDonald Investments did not place particular
reliance or weight on any individual analysis, but instead concluded that its
analyses, taken as a whole, supported its determination.
Accordingly,
notwithstanding the separate factors summarized above, McDonald Investments
believes that you must consider its analyses as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analysis and the factors considered by it, without considering
all analyses and factors, could create an incomplete or misleading view of the
evaluation process underlying its opinion.
In performing its analyses, McDonald
Investments made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
business and economic conditions and other matters.
The analyses performed by
McDonald Investments are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future
results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by
those analyses.

     
Engagement Letter.  
Under the terms of an engagement letter dated January
16, 2001, VSI Holdings agreed to pay McDonald Investments a fee for its services
in rendering its fairness opinion of $350,000 upon oral delivery of a fairness
opinion to VSI Holdings' board, provided, however, that if the merger agreement
was not executed prior to March 15, 2001, the amount of McDonald Investments'
fee for rendering its opinion would be increased by $150,000, and if the merger
agreement had not been executed prior to May 15, 2001, McDonald Investments' fee
for rendering its opinion would have been increased by an additional $150,000.

VSI Holdings has also agreed to reimburse McDonald Investments promptly for all
out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses
of counsel, incurred by McDonald Investments in connection with its engagement,
whether or not the merger is consummated, and to indemnify McDonald Investments
and related persons against liabilities in connection with its engagement,
including liabilities under federal securities laws.
The terms of the fee
arrangement with McDonald Investments were negotiated at arm's-length between
VSI Holdings and McDonald Investments.

     
In the ordinary course of business, McDonald Investments may actively trade
the securities of VSI Holdings and SPX for its own account and for the accounts
of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position
in those securities.

     
McDonald Investments, as part of its investment banking services, is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers, acquisitions, underwritings, sales and distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.
VSI Holdings selected McDonald Investments based on its experience in
transactions similar to the merger and its reputation in the retail and
investment communities.


NO DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

     Under Georgia law, VSI Holdings shareholders are not entitled to
dissenters' rights of appraisal in connection with the merger.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     SPX will account for the merger using the purchase method of accounting.


CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The following discussion of federal income tax consequences is for general
information only and is based on existing law as of the date of this proxy
statement-prospectus.
We urge VSI Holdings shareholders to consult their tax
advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them of the merger,
including the applicability and effect of federal, state, local, foreign and
other tax laws.

     
The following summary, based upon current law, is a general discussion of
certain material federal income tax consequences of the merger to SPX, VSI
Holdings and VSI Holdings shareholders and assumes that the merger is
consummated as described in this proxy statement-prospectus.
This summary is
based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, applicable Treasury
regulations promulgated thereunder, and administrative rulings and judicial
authority, all as of the date of this proxy statement-prospectus, and all of
which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect.
Any change could
affect the continuing validity of this summary.
This summary applies to VSI
Holdings shareholders who hold their VSI Holdings common stock as capital
assets.
It does not discuss all aspects of income taxation that a particular VSI
Holdings shareholder may find relevant in light of his or her specific
circumstances, or in light of special treatment that he or she might be subject
to under the federal income tax laws (for example, foreign persons, dealers in
securities, banks and other financial institutions, insurance companies,
tax-exempt organizations, and shareholders who acquired their VSI Holdings
common stock pursuant to the exercise of options or otherwise as compensation or
through a tax-qualified retirement plan).
In addition, this summary does not
discuss any aspect of state, local, foreign or other tax laws.

     
Neither SPX nor VSI Holdings has sought, and neither SPX nor VSI Holdings
intends to seek, a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to the
anticipated tax consequences of the merger.
Gardner, Carton & Douglas, counsel
to SPX, has advised SPX, and Miller, Canfield, Paddock and Stone, P.L.C.,
counsel to VSI Holdings, has advised VSI Holdings, that, assuming the merger is
consummated as contemplated in this proxy statement-prospectus, the material
U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to SPX, VSI Holdings and VSI
Holdings shareholders are described below.

     
The Merger.  
It is a condition to the consummation of the merger that SPX
receive an opinion of its counsel, Gardner, Carton & Douglas, and that VSI
Holdings receive an opinion of its counsel, Miller, Canfield, Paddock and Stone,
P.L.C., that the merger will qualify as a reorganization for federal income tax
purposes within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The
opinions of Gardner, Carton & Douglas and Miller, Canfield, Paddock and Stone,
P.L.C. will be expressly based upon the accuracy of certain assumptions and the
truth and accuracy of certain representations contained in the merger agreement
or made to them by SPX and VSI Holdings.
As a reorganization for federal income
tax purposes within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code,
it is the opinion of counsel to VSI Holdings that the merger will result in the
following general federal income tax consequences to VSI Holdings and its
shareholders:

          1.
VSI Holdings will be a party to a reorganization within the meaning
     of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.

          
2. VSI Holdings will recognize neither gain nor loss solely as a
     result of the consummation of the merger.

          
3. VSI Holdings shareholders who receive solely SPX common stock in
     exchange for their VSI Holdings common stock in the merger will not
     recognize any gain or loss pursuant to Section 354 of the Internal Revenue
     Code, except that those VSI Holdings shareholders may recognize gain to the
     extent cash is received in lieu of fractional share interests in SPX common
     stock.

          
4. VSI Holdings shareholders who receive SPX common stock and cash in
     exchange for their VSI Holdings common stock in the merger will recognize
     any gain that is realized by them under the applicable rules of the
     Internal Revenue Code to the extent of the cash received by them in the
     merger in accordance with the rules of Section 356 of the Internal Revenue
     Code.

          
5.
The tax basis of the SPX common stock received by each VSI Holdings
     shareholder who exchanges his or her VSI Holdings common stock solely for
     SPX common stock in the merger will be the same as the tax basis of the
     shares of VSI Holdings common stock surrendered in exchange therefor
     (reduced by any amount allocable to a fractional share interest for which
     cash is received).

          
6.
The tax basis of the SPX common stock received by each VSI Holdings
     shareholder who exchanges his or her VSI Holdings common stock for SPX
     common stock and cash in the merger will be the same as the tax basis of
     the shares of VSI Holdings common stock surrendered in exchange therefor,
     reduced by the amount of any cash received and increased by the amount of
     any gain recognized on the exchange.

          
7. Provided that the VSI Holdings common stock is held as a capital
     asset on the date of the exchange, the holding period of SPX common stock
     received by a VSI Holdings shareholder tax free in the merger will include
     the period during which the VSI Holdings shareholder held the VSI Holdings
     common stock exchanged therefor.

          
8.
As to each VSI Holdings shareholder who exchanges his or her shares
     of VSI Holdings common stock solely for shares of SPX common stock in the
     merger, the cash received by that VSI Holdings shareholder in lieu of a
     fractional share interest of SPX common stock will be treated as having
     been received as a distribution in full payment in exchange for the
     fractional share interest of SPX common stock that the VSI Holdings
     shareholder would otherwise be entitled to receive and will qualify as
     capital gain or loss (assuming the shares of VSI Holdings common stock were
     a capital asset in that VSI Holdings shareholder's hands at the time the
     merger is completed), provided that the cash payment for fractional shares
     (a) will not constitute separately bargained for consideration, and (b)
     will not exceed 5% of the total consideration received by the VSI Holdings
     shareholders in the merger.

     
As a reorganization for federal income tax purposes within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, it is the opinion of counsel to SPX
that the merger will result in the following general federal income tax
consequences to SPX:

          1.
SPX will be a "party to a reorganization" within the meaning of
     Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code;

          2.
No gain or loss will be recognized by SPX in the merger pursuant to
     Section 1032 of the Internal Revenue Code; and

          3.
SPX's basis in the assets acquired from VSI Holdings will be the
     same as the basis of the assets in the hands of VSI Holdings immediately
     before the merger increased by any gain recognized by VSI Holdings in the
     merger pursuant to Section 362(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, and the
     holding period of the assets acquired by SPX will include the holding
     period thereof when held by VSI Holdings immediately before the merger
     pursuant to Section 1223(2) of the Internal Revenue Code.

     
Other Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger.  
Generally, gain
recognized by a shareholder of VSI Holdings as described in paragraph 4 above,
will be capital gain, provided that the exchange of VSI Holdings common stock
for SPX common stock does not have the effect of a distribution of a dividend
under the rules of Section 356 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to the
shareholder.
This capital gain would be long-term capital gain if the
shareholder has held the stock for more than 12 months.
However, because this is
dependent upon individual circumstances, counsel has declined to give an opinion
on this matter.
Therefore, VSI Holdings shareholders who elect the combination
consideration should consult their tax advisors to determine the character of
any gain that they recognize as a result of the merger.

     
Although it is the opinion of counsel that neither VSI Holdings nor SPX
will recognize gain or loss solely as a result of the consummation of the
merger, other transactions described elsewhere in this proxy

statement-prospectus, including the transactions contemplated in the asset
purchase agreement and the Advanced Animations merger agreement, will be taxable
transactions.

     
Backup Withholding.  
To prevent "backup withholding" of federal income tax
on any payments of cash to a VSI Holdings shareholder in the merger, a VSI
Holdings shareholder must, unless an exception applies under the applicable law
and regulations, provide the payor of the cash with his or her correct taxpayer
identification number on a Substitute Form W-9 and certify under penalties of
perjury that the number is correct and that he or she is not subject to backup
withholding.
The form of election and letter of transmittal mailed to VSI
Holdings shareholders will include a Substitute Form W-9.
If the VSI Holdings
shareholder does not provide the correct taxpayer identification number and
certifications, a $50 penalty may be imposed on him or her by the Internal
Revenue Service, and any cash received by him or her may be subject to backup
withholding at a rate of 31%.


RESALE OF SPX COMMON STOCK ISSUED IN THE MERGER; AFFILIATES

     This proxy statement-prospectus does not cover any resales of the SPX
common stock that VSI Holdings shareholders will receive in the merger, and SPX
has not authorized anyone to use this proxy statement-prospectus in connection
with a resale.

     VSI Holdings shareholders who are not deemed to be "affiliates" of VSI
Holdings under the Securities Act at the time of VSI Holdings' special meeting
can freely transfer any SPX shares that they receive in the merger.
Affiliates
of VSI Holdings may only sell their shares in transactions permitted by Rule 145
or another applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act.
VSI Holdings' affiliates for this purpose generally include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with, VSI Holdings.
These affiliates would typically not include
shareholders who are not officers, directors or principal shareholders of VSI
Holdings.

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     At the time of the execution of the merger agreement, Steve Toth, Jr. and
PII Ventures, L.L.C., an entity owned and controlled (directly and indirectly)
by Mr. Toth, entered into an asset purchase agreement with SPX.
Immediately
following the merger, PII Ventures will purchase certain assets of SPX acquired
from VSI Holdings in accordance with the merger.
Mr. Toth is the Chairman and
CEO of VSI Holdings and is the beneficial owner, or is deemed to share control,
of approximately 27,905,755 shares of VSI Holdings.
Accordingly, he is familiar
with the assets PII Ventures will purchase under the asset purchase agreement.

The assets that SPX will sell to PII Ventures consist of: (1) all of its limited
partnership interests in K.C. Investors, L.P.; (2) all of its membership
interests in Corporate Eagle Five, L.L.C.; (3) all of its stock in the OZ
Entertainment Company; and (4) the Agency of Record Marketing Agreement between
OZ Entertainment and Visual Services, Inc. PII Ventures will pay SPX $3,690,000
in cash.
SPX is selling the assets to PII Ventures on an "as is, where is"
basis, without any representations, warranties or guaranties with respect to
fitness, merchantability or otherwise.
PII Ventures will assumes all liabilities
related to the assets it purchases from SPX.

     
In addition, SPX and PII Ventures have agreed to enter into a merger
agreement providing for the merger of Advanced Animations, Inc., currently a
wholly owned subsidiary of VSI Holdings, with and into PII Ventures.
PII
Ventures will pay SPX $16,750,000 in cash for Advanced Animations.
That merger
would occur simultaneously with the closing of the asset purchase.

See -- Advanced Animations Merger Agreement below.

     
The asset purchase agreement, which was the result of arm's-length
negotiations between SPX and Mr. Toth, includes representations and warranties
by SPX to PII Ventures including: corporate existence, corporate authorization
and enforceability and no conflict.
The asset purchase agreement also contains
the following representations and warranties by PII Ventures to SPX:
enforceability, no conflict and full disclosure.
These representations and
warranties will survive the closing of the sale of the assets indefinitely.

     
The obligations of SPX and PII Ventures to complete the sale of assets to
PII Ventures are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of closing conditions, as
provided in more detail in the asset purchase agreement.
In particular, SPX and
PII Ventures have the right not to consummate the sale if all of the covenants
and conditions precedent to the merger agreement have not been satisfied.

     
SPX and PII Ventures may agree to terminate the asset purchase agreement at
any time.
Either SPX or PII Ventures may terminate the agreement if the other
party fails to fulfill any of its covenants, or breaches any of its
representations and warranties.
In addition, either party may, under certain
circumstances, terminate the asset purchase agreement if the sale of the assets
is not completed within 10 days of the closing deadline for the merger
agreement.

     
Finally, SPX agreed to indemnify PII Ventures, and PII Ventures and Mr.
Toth agreed to indemnify SPX, for certain losses incurred in connection with
certain excluded liabilities and assumed liabilities, respectively, and the
breach or violation of any representation, warranty or covenant.


ADVANCED ANIMATIONS MERGER AGREEMENT

     Simultaneously with the closing of the asset purchase agreement, Advanced
Animations will be merged with and into PII Ventures.
Advanced Animations is
currently a wholly owned subsidiary of VSI Holdings, but following the merger
will be wholly owned by SPX.
As consideration for the merger, PII Ventures will
pay SPX $16,750,000 in cash.
SPX is selling Advanced Animations to PII Ventures
on an "as is, where is" basis, without any representations, warranties or
guaranties with respect to fitness, merchantability or otherwise.
The terms of
this merger were the result of arm's-length negotiations between SPX and Mr.
Toth.

                          COMPARATIVE PER SHARE PRICES

     SPX common stock is listed and principally traded on the NYSE and is also
listed on the Pacific Exchange under the symbol "SPW".
On           , the record
date for the special meeting, there were           registered holders of SPX
common stock.
SPX's fiscal year ends on December 31.

     VSI Holdings common stock is listed on the AMEX under the symbol "VIS".
As
of the record date, VSI Holdings had           registered holders.
VSI Holdings'
fiscal year ends on September 30.

     
The tables below show, for the periods indicated, the high and low trading
prices per share of SPX common stock, as reported on the NYSE Composite Tape,
and of VSI Holdings common stock, as reported on the AMEX.

                                 
SPX COMMON STOCK
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 HIGH        LOW
                                                                -------    -------

Fiscal 1999:
  First quarter.............................................    $ 71.75    $ 48.75
  Second quarter............................................      87.13      50.69
  Third quarter.............................................      94.00      80.19
  Fourth quarter............................................      
92.75      73.00
Fiscal 2000:
  First quarter.............................................    $122.00    $ 74.00
  Second quarter............................................     
124.50      89.88
  Third quarter.............................................     186.00     118.31
  Fourth quarter............................................     147.00      90.50
Fiscal 2001:
  First quarter.............................................    $118.75    $ 88.00
  Second quarter (through April 12, 2001)...................      
96.31      84.99

                            VSI HOLDINGS COMMON STOCK
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 HIGH        LOW
                                                                -------    -------

Fiscal 1999:
  First quarter.............................................    $  6.00    $  3.19
  Second quarter............................................       7.25       4.75
  Third quarter.............................................       5.88       4.13
  Fourth quarter............................................       4.69       3.13
Fiscal 2000:
  First quarter.............................................    $  4.44    $  3.00
  Second quarter............................................       4.00       2.75
  Third quarter.............................................       3.38       2.50
  Fourth quarter............................................       3.81       2.13
Fiscal 2001:
  First quarter.............................................    $  3.63    $  2.13
  Second quarter............................................       4.19       2.63
  Third quarter (through April 12, 2001)....................       4.19       3.85

                                DIVIDEND POLICY

     Neither SPX nor VSI Holdings has declared or paid cash dividends in the
past two fiscal years.
SPX does not intend to pay dividends on its common stock.

SPX has determined that for the foreseeable future any distribution of earnings
will be in the form of open market purchases when deemed appropriate by
management and the board.
SPX's credit agreement contains restrictions that may
limit the payment of dividends and other distributions.
VSI Holdings' loan
agreements prohibit the payment of cash dividends without prior bank approval.

                           
INFORMATION CONCERNING SPX

     SPX is a global multi-industry company that is focused on profitably
growing its businesses, enabling it to continue to grow sales, earnings and cash
flow.
SPX's strategy is to create market advantages through product and
technology leadership, by expanding its product and service offerings to full
customer solutions and by building critical mass through strategic acquisitions.


OPERATING SEGMENTS

     SPX is a global provider of technical products and systems, industrial
products and services, service solutions and vehicle components.
SPX's products
include networking and switching products, fire detection and building
life-safety products, TV and radio broadcast antennas and towers, transformers,
substations and industrial mixers and valves.
SPX products and services also
include specialty service tools, diagnostic systems, service equipment,
technical information services and vehicle components.
With over 14,000
employees worldwide, SPX is a multinational corporation with operations in 19
countries.

     
SPX's business has been operated through the following four business
segments:

     Technical Products and Systems:  The operations in the Technical Products
and Systems segment are focused on solving customer problems with complete
technology-based systems.
The emphasis is on growth through investment in new
technology, new product introduction, alliances and acquisitions.

     
The Technical Products and Systems segment includes SPX's Inrange
Technologies Corporation subsidiary that designs, manufactures, markets and
services networking and switching products for storage, data and
telecommunications networks, including fibre channel directors for storage area
networks.
SPX owns approximately 89.5% of the total number of outstanding shares
of Inrange's common stock, which represents about 97.7% of the combined voting
power of all classes of Inrange's common stock.
The balance of Inrange's common
stock is publicly held.
Inrange serves Fortune 1000 businesses and other large
enterprises that operate large-scale systems where reliability and continuous
availability are critical.
Inrange focuses on high-end, large-scale, fault
tolerant products.
Inrange's products have been installed at over 2,000 sites in
90 countries and are designed to be compatible with various vendors' products
and multiple communication standards and protocols.

     
This segment also includes fire detection and integrated building
life-safety systems, TV and radio broadcast antennas and towers, and automated
fare collection systems.

     
Industrial Products and Services:  The strategy of the Industrial Products
and Services segment is to provide "Productivity Solutions for Industry."
The
business emphasis is on introducing new related services and products, as well
as focusing on the replacement parts and service elements of the business and
growing through acquisitions.
This segment includes operations that design,
manufacture and market power transformers, industrial valves and mixers,
electric motors, laboratory and industrial ovens and freezers, hydraulic
systems, material handling systems and electric motors for industrial chemical
companies, pulp and paper manufacturers, laboratories and utilities.

     
Service Solutions: Service Solutions includes operations that design,
manufacture and market a wide range of specialty service tools, hand-held
diagnostic systems and service equipment and technical and training information,
primarily to the motor vehicle industry in North America and Europe.
Major
customers are franchised dealers of motor vehicle manufacturers, aftermarket
vehicle service facilities and independent distributors.

     
Vehicle Components:  This segment includes operations that supply
high-integrity aluminum and magnesium die-castings, forgings, automatic
transmission and small engine filters and transmission kits for original
equipment manufacturers.
These operations also supply automatic transmission and
small engine filters and transmission kits for aftermarket customers.


PENDING ACQUISITION

     On March 12, 2001, SPX announced that it had entered into an agreement for
a wholly owned subsidiary to acquire United Dominion Industries Limited.
United
Dominion is a diversified manufacturer of proprietary engineered products in
four business segments -- flow technology, machinery, specialty engineered
products, and test instrumentation.
It has annual sales of $2.4 billion and
approximately 14,000 employees in 20 countries.
The common stock of United
Dominion is listed on the NYSE and the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol
"UDI".

     
SPX will issue approximately 9.2 million shares in exchange for the shares
of United Dominion in an all-stock transaction.
SPX will also assume
approximately $876 million in United Dominion debt.
United Dominion shareholders
will receive SPX shares based on a fixed exchange ratio of 0.2353 of an SPX
share per United Dominion share, which was valued at $25 per United Dominion
share based on the average closing price of a share of SPX common stock for the
five-day period ended Friday, March 9, 2001, the day before the merger agreement
between SPX and United Dominion was entered into.
There is no collar on the
fixed exchange ratio.
The board of directors of both companies unanimously
approved the agreement.

     
The combination of SPX and United Dominion will create a company with
approximately $5 billion in pro forma annual revenues and enhanced
value-creation opportunities.
SPX also will gain additional international reach
as United Dominion derives approximately 33% of its revenues from sources
outside the United States.
United Dominion brings to SPX 18 businesses, many of
which have leading market shares or product lines in key areas.
SPX's business
segments will be reconfigured to some extent, and United Dominion's business
will be operated within the following four business segments: technical products
and systems, industrial products and services, flow technology and service
solutions.

     
The United Dominion acquisition will be a taxable transaction to the
shareholders of United Dominion and is to be implemented as a court-approved
plan of arrangement (similar to a merger) under Canadian corporate law, is
subject to approval by United Dominion shareholders, approval of the Ontario
Court, antitrust clearance and customary closing conditions, and is expected to
close, assuming satisfaction of all of the foregoing, on or about May 24, 2001.

If the merger agreement is terminated in certain circumstances, United Dominion
will be required to pay SPX a break-up fee of $40 million.
United Dominion has
scheduled a combined annual and special shareholders meeting for May 17, 2001 to
vote on the merger agreement.
For more information regarding the United Dominion
acquisition, please refer to SPX's current reports on Form 8-K filed on March
12, April 12 and April 13, 2001.

     
Following the United Dominion acquisition, SPX will review each business
unit and identify areas to reduce structural cost, improve operating
efficiencies and leverage technology.
SPX expects to achieve a minimum of $30
million of annualized cost savings in the first full year following the
acquisition.
These include savings associated with the elimination of duplicate
corporate office costs, consolidation of purchasing initiatives and
rationalization of duplicate facilities, among others.

     
In connection with the United Dominion acquisition, SPX has obtained
commitments for $780 million in incremental term facilities consisting of a
two-year term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to $250
million and an increase in SPX's existing tranche C term facility from $300
million to $830 million.
The incremental term facilities will bear interest at
either the ABR rate or the Eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin.
The
proceeds of these borrowings will be used to refinance a like amount of United
Dominion's outstanding indebtedness.
SPX intends, immediately prior to the
completion of the United Dominion acquisition, to enter into a restated credit
agreement to reflect the addition of the $780 million in incremental term
facilities.
The restated credit agreement will contain affirmative covenants,
negative covenants, financial covenants, repayment provisions, representations
and warranties, and events of default substantially similar to the terms
contained in SPX's existing credit agreement.

     
Alternatively, SPX may, in connection with the United Dominion acquisition,
issue notes in a public offering or a private placement for approximately $250
million, in which case the $780 million in incremental term facilities will be
reduced by an equivalent amount.

                      
INFORMATION CONCERNING VSI HOLDINGS

     VSI Holdings is a leading full service provider of marketing services and
customer relationship management, organizational training and development
services, and entertaining and educational animatronic displays and other
entertainment/edutainment products.
VSI Holdings markets its services primarily
to the automotive and pharmaceutical industries and markets its
entertainment/edutainment products primarily to theme parks, casinos and
museums.
VSI Holdings' principal executive offices are located at 41000 Woodward
Avenue, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan 48304; telephone (248) 644-0500.


MARKETING SERVICES

     VSI Holdings helps companies directly market and sell their products using
an extensive array of disciplines, including writing, art direction, print and
graphic production, corporate website development for the Internet and intranet,
electronic commerce and database management.

     
VSI Holdings also assists companies in establishing and maintaining
customer relationships.
It does so through a variety of interactive tools,
including Internet, video and CD-ROM applications, video conferencing, inbound
call centers and other telephony applications, ongoing customer film, slides,
live theater, computer graphics and animation, print multimedia, and global
satellite broadcasts.

     
VSI Holdings also provides companies with general marketing support,
including administrative services, direct marketing services and event marketing
services.
Administrative services include data entry and processing and
installment processing.
Event marketing services include creating and operating
product exhibitions, including managing the venues, media coverage, attendee
logistical services and post-event reporting

ORGANIZATIONAL TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

     VSI Holdings provides companies with a variety of organizational training,
certification and development services that utilize contemporary learning
theories and state-of-the-art technology, such as Interactive Distance Learning
(a live, satellite based, two way interactive broadcast technology).
VSI
Holdings' training programs are generally designed to improve employee
productivity in the areas of product knowledge, team building, sales skills,
personal skills and behavioral development.


ENTERTAINMENT/EDUTAINMENT

     VSI Holdings has leveraged its marketing and training expertise to develop
traveling consumer attractions for museums and high-end animation figures for
theme parks, casinos and retailers on a worldwide basis.
VSI Holdings utilizes
hydraulic motion technology to create lifelike movement in its 3-D animatronic
(robotic) figures.

                    
COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SPX STOCKHOLDERS
                         AND VSI HOLDINGS SHAREHOLDERS

     SPX is incorporated under the laws of Delaware, and VSI Holdings is
incorporated under the laws of Georgia.
The rights of VSI Holdings shareholders
are governed by the Georgia Business Corporation Code and VSI Holdings'
governing documents, which consist of its articles of incorporation and bylaws.

If the merger is consummated, the holders of VSI Holdings common stock will
become holders of SPX common stock (other than holders who elect, and receive,
only cash for their shares).
As SPX stockholders, their rights will be governed
by the General Corporation Law of Delaware and SPX's governing documents, which
consist of its certificate of incorporation and bylaws and shareholders rights
plan.
In certain respects the rights of SPX stockholders differ from those of
VSI Holdings shareholders.

     
This summary is intended to highlight the material differences between the
rights of SPX stockholders and VSI Holdings shareholders.
It is not a complete
statement of the rights of SPX stockholders under applicable Delaware laws or
SPX's governing documents, or a comprehensive

comparison with the rights of VSI Holdings shareholders under applicable Georgia
laws or VSI Holdings' governing documents.
It is not intended to be a complete
description of the specific provisions to which we refer.
For complete
information, you should refer to the Delaware law, the Georgia law and the
governing documents of SPX and VSI Holdings.
To find out how to get copies of
the governing documents, you should refer to Where You Can Find More
Information.


SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS

     SPX's bylaws provide that for a matter to be properly brought before an
annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must give timely notice of the
matter in writing to the secretary of SPX not less than 120 days nor more than
150 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
meeting.
The bylaws also specify requirements for a stockholder's notice to be
in proper form.

     
Under SPX's bylaws, nominations for the election of directors may be made
by the SPX board of directors, a committee appointed by the board or any
stockholder entitled to vote in the elections of directors.
A stockholder may
nominate someone for election as a director at a meeting only if he or she has
given written notice of his or her intent to make a nomination to SPX's
secretary.
Stockholders must submit their nominations for an election to be held
at an annual meeting by 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the
immediately preceding annual meeting.
Stockholder nominations for an election to
be held at a special meeting of the stockholders must be made at the close of
business on the tenth day following the date on which notice of the special
meeting was first given to stockholders.
The bylaws also specify requirements
for a stockholder's nomination to be in proper written form.

     
Unlike SPX's governing documents, VSI Holdings' governing documents do not
specify any advance notice of shareholder proposals or director nominations.
In
addition, neither the Delaware law nor the Georgia law contains requirements as
to these issues.


DIRECTORS

     Both the Delaware law and the Georgia law provide that a board of directors
may have one or more directors.
The exact number of directors is fixed by or in
the manner provided in the bylaws, unless the certificate or articles of
incorporation fixes the number.
In that case, an amendment to the certificate or
articles of incorporation is required to change the number of directors.

     
The SPX certificate of incorporation provides for the number of directors
to be fixed by or pursuant to the bylaws.
The SPX bylaws provide that, except as
otherwise fixed pursuant to the certificate of incorporation relating to the
rights of the holders of any preferred stock, the number of directors will be
fixed from time to time by the SPX board, but cannot be less than three.
At
present, there are seven directors on SPX's board.

     
The VSI Holdings bylaws provide that its board may have up to nine
directors.
Currently, seven directors serve on VSI Holdings' board.

     
Under the Delaware law, the directors of a corporation may, by the
certificate of incorporation, an initial bylaw or a bylaw adopted by a vote of
the stockholders, be divided into one, two or three classes.
The SPX certificate
of incorporation provides that the directors, other than those who may be
elected by the holders of preferred stock, will be classified into three
classes, as nearly equal in number as possible.
The Georgia law also provides
for a classified board when this type of provision is in the articles of
incorporation or in a bylaw adopted by the shareholders.
VSI Holdings' governing
documents do not provide for a classified board of directors.

     
Under the Delaware law and the Georgia law, cumulative voting in the
election of directors is not available unless it is specifically provided for in
the certificate or articles of incorporation.
SPX's certificate of incorporation
does not provide for cumulative voting, and VSI Holdings' articles of
incorporation specifically disallow it.


DIRECTOR VACANCIES

     Under the Delaware law, a majority of directors then on the board may fill
vacancies and newly created directorships, unless otherwise provided in the
certificate of incorporation or bylaws.
The certificate of incorporation may
direct that a particular class of stock is to elect the director, in which case
any other directors elected by that class, or a sole remaining director so
elected, may fill the vacancy.
SPX's governing documents provide that a majority
of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, will fill
any board vacancies, including those resulting from an increase in the number of
directors.

     
Under the Georgia law, unless the articles of incorporation or a bylaw
adopted by the shareholders provides otherwise, vacancies and newly created
directorships may be filled by the shareholders, by the board of directors or,
if the directors constitute less than a quorum, by a majority of the directors
remaining in office.
If, however, the director was elected by a voting group,
the shareholders of the voting group or the remaining directors elected by the
voting group will fill the vacancy.
VSI Holdings' bylaws provide that VSI
Holdings board vacancies, including those from any increase in the number of
directors, are filled by the majority of the directors then in office, even if
less than a quorum, or by the shareholders at a special meeting of shareholders
called for that purpose.


REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     Under the Delaware law, the holders of a majority of the shares then
entitled to vote at an election of directors may remove any or all directors,
with or without cause.
If a corporation has a classified board, however,
stockholders can remove directors only for cause unless the certificate of
incorporation provides otherwise.
In addition, under the Delaware law, when a
corporation's certificate of incorporation provides that holders of a series or
class, voting as a series or class, are entitled to elect one or more directors,
then only the holders of that series or class may remove those directors without
cause.
The Delaware law does not permit directors to remove other directors.

     
SPX's governing documents provide that, subject to certain rights of
holders of preferred stock, any director may be removed from office only for
cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 80% of the combined
voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class.

     
Under the Georgia law, shareholders may remove a director with or without
cause, unless the articles of incorporation or a bylaw adopted by the
shareholders only allow removal for cause.
Under VSI Holdings' bylaws, a
majority vote of the shareholders present or represented by proxy at a special
meeting may remove a director with or without cause.


SPECIAL MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

     Both the Delaware law and the Georgia law provide that the board or any
other person authorized in the corporation's certificate or articles of
incorporation or bylaws may call a special meeting of shareholders.
In addition,
the Georgia law provides that a special meeting of shareholders may also be
called by the holders of at least 25%, or a greater or lesser percentage as the
articles of incorporation or bylaws provide, of all votes entitled to be cast on
any issue proposed to be considered at a special meeting.

     
Under the SPX governing documents, only the chairman, the president or a
majority of the board may call special meetings of the stockholders.
The VSI
Holdings bylaws allow a special meeting to be called by the chairman of the
board, the president, the board of directors or the holders of at least one-
tenth of all the shares entitled to vote at the special meeting.


QUORUM FOR SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING

     VSI Holdings' bylaws require the holders of a majority of the shares issued
and outstanding to be present in person or by proxy to establish quorum.
SPX's
bylaws provide that the holders of one-third of the stock issued and outstanding
and entitled to vote at the meeting must be present in person or by proxy to
establish a quorum.


CORPORATE ACTION WITHOUT A SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING

     Under the Delaware law and the Georgia law, shareholders can act by written
consent in lieu of voting at a shareholders' meeting.
The Delaware law permits a
corporation to eliminate stockholder action by written consent in its
certificate of incorporation.
SPX's certificate of incorporation prohibits
stockholders from acting by written consent in lieu of a meeting.
VSI Holdings'
bylaws allow for shareholder action by written consent without a meeting,
without prior notice and without a vote.


PREFERRED STOCK

     SPX's certificate of incorporation and VSI Holdings' articles of
incorporation both authorize the issuance of preferred stock.
SPX has authorized
the issuance of 3,000,000 preferred shares and VSI Holdings has authorized the
issuance of 2,000,000 preferred shares.
Neither company has issued any preferred
shares.


STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING

     SPX common stock is listed on the NYSE and the Pacific Exchange under the
symbol "SPW".
VSI Holdings common stock is listed on the AMEX under the symbol
"VIS".


FUNDAMENTAL CORPORATE CHANGES

     The Delaware law requires that the holders of a majority of the outstanding
voting shares of the acquiring and target corporations approve statutory
mergers.
It does not provide explicitly for share exchanges.
The Delaware law
does not require a stockholder vote of the surviving corporation in a merger,
unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise, if:

     - the merger agreement does not amend the surviving corporation's
       certificate of incorporation;

     - each share of the surviving corporation outstanding before the merger is
       equal to an identical outstanding or treasury share of the surviving
       corporation after merger; and

     - the number of shares to be issued by the surviving corporation in the
       merger does not exceed 20% of the shares outstanding immediately prior to
       the merger.

     
The Georgia law requires that holders of a majority of the voting shares of
the acquiring and target corporations approve statutory mergers and share
exchanges.
It contains an exception to its voting requirements for mergers and
share exchanges where:

     - the articles of incorporation of the surviving corporation will not
       differ from its articles of incorporation before the merger;

     - each shareholder of the surviving corporation whose shares were
       outstanding immediately before the merger will hold the same number and
       type of shares immediately after the merger; and

     - the number and kind of shares outstanding immediately after the merger,
       plus the number and kind of shares issuable as a result of the merger, do
       not exceed the total number and kind of shares of the surviving
       corporation authorized by its articles of incorporation immediately
       before the merger.

     
Both the Delaware law and the Georgia law require that a sale of all or
substantially all of a corporation's assets be approved by a majority of the
outstanding voting shares of the corporation transferring the assets.


BUSINESS COMBINATIONS WITH SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

     
Unless specified conditions are met, business combinations by corporations
with interested shareholders are subject to a moratorium of three years under
the Delaware law and five years under the Georgia law.
Prohibited business
combinations include a merger with, disposition of assets to, or the issuance of
stock to, the interested shareholder, or specified transactions that have the
effect of increasing

the proportionate amount of the outstanding securities held by an interested
shareholder.
The law considers the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting
power of a company an interested shareholder.

     
The Delaware law prohibits a corporation from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder for three years following the date
that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:

     - prior to that date, the corporation's board approved either the business
       combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming
       an interested stockholder;

     - upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
       becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at
       least 85% of the corporation's voting stock; or

     - on or subsequent to that date, the board approves the business
       combination and the stockholders authorize it at an annual or special
       meeting, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least
       two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested
       stockholder.

     
The Delaware law permits a corporation to opt-out of this business
combination statute.
SPX's governing documents do not exclude SPX from the
restrictions imposed by the Delaware law.

     
Under the SPX certificate of incorporation, a substantial stockholder is
any stockholder who directly or indirectly beneficially owns 10% or more of the
voting power, an affiliate who within the previous two years directly or
indirectly beneficially owned 10% of more of the voting power, or an assignee of
these beneficial owners and affiliates.
SPX's certificate of incorporation
requires that a supermajority of SPX stockholders approve certain business
combinations with substantial stockholders.
Except as described below, 80% of
the voting power of the SPX stockholders, voting together as a single class,
must approve the following business combinations:

     - a merger of SPX or any of its subsidiaries with either a substantial
       stockholder or a corporation that is, or after the merger would be, an
       affiliate or associate (each as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of
       1934) of a substantial stockholder;

     - a sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition
       to or with any substantial stockholder, its affiliate or associate, of
       assets or a subsidiary of SPX, in each case having an aggregate fair
       market value of $10 million or more;

     - the issuance or transfer by SPX or a subsidiary of any securities of SPX
       or any of its subsidiaries to a substantial stockholder, or its affiliate
       or associate, in exchange for cash, securities or other consideration
       having an aggregate fair market value of $10 million or more;

     - the adoption of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution
       of SPX proposed by or on behalf of any substantial stockholder, or its
       affiliate or associate; or

     - any reclassification of securities (including any reverse stock split),
       recapitalization of SPX, a merger or consolidation of SPX with a
       subsidiary, or any other transaction (whether or not involving a
       substantial stockholder) that directly or indirectly increases the
       proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class of equity or
       convertible securities of SPX or any of its subsidiaries that a
       substantial stockholder, or its affiliate or associate, directly or
       indirectly owns.

     
The 80% vote requirement does not apply:

     - to business combinations where SPX stockholders do not receive any cash
       or other consideration, solely in their capacities as stockholders, and
       the business combination has been approved by two-thirds of the SPX
       directors who were in office before the substantial stockholder became a
       substantial stockholder and who are not affiliates or representatives of
       the substantial stockholder, or

     - to all other business combinations that two-thirds of the continuing
       directors then in office have approved and that satisfy all of the
       following conditions:

             -- The aggregate amount of cash and the fair market value as of the
                date of the consummation of the business combination of the
                consideration other than cash to be received per share by SPX
                common stockholders is at least equal to the highest of the
                following:

                   (1) the highest per share price (including any brokerage
              commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid to
              acquire any SPX shares beneficially owned by the substantial
              stockholder that were acquired within the two-year period
              immediately prior to the first public announcement of the proposal
              of the business combination or in the transaction in which it
              became a substantial stockholder, whichever is higher, plus
              interest compounded annually from the date when the substantial
              stockholder became a substantial stockholder through the
              consummation date of the business combination at the prime rate of
              interest of Harris Trust and Savings Bank from time to time in
              effect in Chicago, Illinois, less the aggregate amount of any cash
              dividends paid, and the fair market value of any non-cash
              dividends paid, per share of SPX common stock from the date when
              the substantial stockholder became a substantial stockholder
              through the consummation date of the business combination in an
              amount up to but not exceeding the amount of the interest; or

                   (2) the fair market value per share of SPX common stock on
              the date the business combination was first publicly announced or
              on the date on which the substantial stockholder became a
              substantial stockholder, whichever is higher; or

                   (3) the higher of the two numbers referred to in clause (2)
              above, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
              highest per share price (including any brokerage commissions,
              transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid in order to
              acquire any shares of SPX common stock beneficially owned by the
              substantial stockholder that were acquired within the two-year
              period immediately prior to the date when the business combination
              was announced, and the denominator of which is the fair market
              value per share of SPX common stock on the first day in the
              two-year period on which the substantial stockholder beneficially
              owned any shares of SPX common stock.

             
-- The consideration that SPX stockholders will receive will be in
                cash or in the same form as the substantial stockholder has
                previously paid for shares of the same stock.
If the substantial
                stockholder has used multiple forms of consideration, then the
                form of consideration for the business combination will be cash
                or the form used to acquire the largest number of shares that
                the substantial stockholder previously acquired.

             
-- Except as approved by at least two-thirds of the directors who
                were in office when the substantial stockholder became a
                substantial stockholder and who are not affiliates or
                representatives of the substantial stockholder, between the time
                that a substantial stockholder becomes a substantial stockholder
                and the consummation of the business combination, there has been
                no failure to declare and pay periodic dividends with respect to
                any preferred stock outstanding and no reduction in the annual
                rate of dividends paid on SPX common stock (with certain
                exceptions).

             
-- After becoming a substantial stockholder, the substantial
                stockholder must not have received any loans, advances,
                guarantees, pledges or other financial assistance or any tax
                credits or other tax advantages from SPX or any of its
                subsidiaries, whether in anticipation of or in connection with
                the business combination or otherwise.

             
-- A proxy or information statement describing the proposed
                business combination and complying with the requirements of the
                Exchange Act has been mailed to public stockholders of SPX at
                least 30 days prior to the consummation of the business

              combination, whether or not the proxy or information statement is
              required to be mailed pursuant to the Exchange Act.

     
The provision of the Georgia law governing business combinations with
substantial shareholders is similar to the Delaware law provision.
Georgia
corporations may adopt a provision requiring that certain business combinations
be approved by a special vote of the board of directors and/or the shareholders
unless certain fair pricing criteria are met.
They may also adopt a provision
requiring a supermajority vote for business combinations with interested
shareholders.
VSI Holdings' governing documents do not contain these types of
provisions.

     
Under the Georgia law, an interested shareholder may avoid the prohibition
against effecting significant transactions with the corporation if the board of
directors, prior to the time the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder,
approves the transaction or the transaction by which the shareholder becomes an
interested shareholder.


INDEMNIFICATION

     Delaware and Georgia have similar laws relating to indemnification by a
corporation of its officers, directors, employees and other agents.
Under the
Delaware law, a corporation may indemnify directors, officers, employees and
agents for actions taken in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
the person's conduct was unlawful.
The Delaware law provides that a corporation
may advance expenses of defense (upon receipt of a written undertaking from the
person seeking the advance to reimburse the corporation if indemnification is
not appropriate) and must reimburse a successful defendant for expenses,
including attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred.
The law permits a
corporation to have liability insurance for its directors and officers.
Under
the Delaware law, a corporation may not indemnify for any claim, issue or matter
as to which a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction,
after exhaustion of all appeals, to be liable to the corporation, unless and
only to the extent that a court determines that the person is entitled to
indemnity for the expenses.

     
The SPX certificate of incorporation provides that SPX will indemnify
directors and officers of SPX and those serving at the request of SPX as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or entity to the
fullest extent authorized by the Delaware law.
This includes the right to be
reimbursed by SPX for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance
of its final disposition.
The SPX certificate of incorporation provides that the
indemnification rights provided therein are not exclusive of any other right to
which persons seeking indemnification may be entitled under any law, bylaw,
agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
The
certificate of incorporation authorizes SPX to purchase and maintain insurance
on behalf of its directors and officers.

     
The Georgia law provides that a corporation may indemnify a director if he
or she acted in good faith and reasonably believed that his or her actions were
in the corporations' best interests.
The law also allows a corporation to
advance expenses upon receiving written confirmation that the relevant standard
of conduct (good faith and reasonable belief) has been met.
Under the Georgia
law, the corporation may purchase and maintain liability insurance for its
directors and officers.

     
VSI Holdings' governing documents provide indemnification for directors,
officers, agents or employees of the corporation or persons who served as
directors, officers, agents, employees, partners or trustees of another
corporation or enterprise at the corporation's request.
VSI Holdings' governing
documents provide that the right of indemnification is not exclusive of any
other right to which persons seeking indemnification may be entitled under the
articles of incorporation, any other bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or
law.

     VSI Holdings' articles of incorporation provide indemnification in a
derivative suit if the person is successful on the merits or if he or she acted
in good faith in the transaction that is the subject of the suit and under a
reasonable belief that he or she was advancing the corporation's best interests.

VSI Holdings

will pay the expenses reasonably incurred in defense of the derivative suit
(including attorneys' fees but excluding amounts paid in settlement), except
where the person has been found guilty of negligence or misconduct in the
performance of his duty to VSI Holdings.
A plea of guilty or nolo contendere
will not be deemed to be guilt of negligence or misconduct.

     VSI Holdings' articles of incorporation provide indemnification in a
nonderivative suit if the person is successful on the merits or if he or she
acted in good faith in the transaction that is the subject of the suit and under
a reasonable belief that he or she was acting in the corporation's best
interests.
VSI Holdings will pay the expenses reasonably incurred by the person
in defending the nonderivative suit, including attorneys' fees, amounts paid in
settlement, judgements and fines.

     
A court may determine whether a person has met the good faith and
reasonable belief standard or the determination may be made by a majority of the
VSI Holdings directors who were not parties to the action, by independent legal
counsel in a written opinion or by the VSI Holdings shareholders.
A court, the
board of directors or the VSI Holdings shareholders may also prorate
indemnification amounts based on whether or not a person has met the good faith
and reasonable belief standard for all matters.

     
VSI Holdings may advance any payment of indemnification expenses.
The board
of directors must authorize the specific advance payment, and the person
receiving the payment must promise in writing that he or she will repay any
expenses advanced unless it is ultimately determined that he or she is entitled
to indemnification.

     
VSI Holdings may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person
who holds or who has held any position whether or not the corporation would have
power to indemnify him against that liability.
Insurance purchases and any type
of indemnification payment must be reported in writing to the VSI Holdings
shareholders with the next notice of the annual meeting or within six months,
whichever is sooner.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

     Through provisions in the certificate of incorporation, the Delaware law
generally allows a corporation to limit a director's personal liability to the
corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of his or her
fiduciary duty.
The provisions may not, however, eliminate or limit the
liability of a director:

     -  for any breach of his or her duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
        stockholders;

     -  for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional
        misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

     -  under Section 174 of the Delaware law concerning unlawful dividends and
        stock repurchases and redemptions; or

     -  for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
        benefit.


The provision does not eliminate or limit the liability of a director for any
act or omission occurring prior to the date when the provision becomes
effective.
These limitation of liability provisions do not affect the
availability of nonmonetary remedies like injunctive relief or rescission.

     
The SPX certificate of incorporation provides for the limiting of
directors' liability.
It also provides that any repeal or modification of this
provision by the SPX stockholders will not adversely affect any right or
protection of a director of SPX that exists at the time of the repeal or
modification.

     
The Georgia law permits a corporation to limit director liability in its
articles of incorporation.
VSI Holdings' articles of incorporation do not
contain this type of provision.


DIVIDENDS

     The Delaware law permits a corporation to declare and pay dividends out of
surplus.
If there is no surplus, a corporation can pay dividends out of the net
profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or for the
preceding fiscal year as long as the amount of capital of the corporation
following the declaration and payment of the dividend is not less than the
aggregate amount of the capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock
of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets.
The SPX
certificate of incorporation permits SPX to pay dividends to common stockholders
only after it has paid dividends to preferred stockholders who are entitled to
dividends.

     
Under the Georgia law, a corporation may make distributions to its
shareholders subject to any restrictions imposed in its articles of
incorporation, except that a corporation may not make a distribution if, after
giving it effect:

     -  the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in
        the usual course of business, or

     -  the corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its total
        liabilities plus, unless the articles of incorporation permit otherwise,
        the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved
        at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon
        dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to
        those receiving the distribution.

     
The VSI Holdings articles of incorporation permit the payment of dividends
to common shareholders out of any funds of the corporation legally available for
distribution as dividends, subject to the rights of any preferred shareholders.


REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF STOCK

     The Delaware law generally allows a corporation to redeem or repurchase its
shares if the redemption or repurchase would not impair the capital of the
corporation.
A Delaware corporation may also redeem or repurchase shares having
a preference upon the distribution of any of its assets, or shares of common
stock, if there are no shares of preferred stock, if the shares will be retired
upon acquisition, and provided that, after the reduction in capital made in
connection with the retirement of shares, the corporation's remaining assets are
sufficient to pay any debts not otherwise provided for.

     
A Georgia corporation may acquire its own shares.
Reacquired shares are
considered authorized but unissued shares, unless the articles of incorporation
provide that the shares become treasury shares or prohibit the reissuance of
reacquired shares.
If the reissuance is prohibited, the number of authorized
shares will be reduced by the number of shares reacquired.

     
The VSI Holdings and SPX governing documents do not address the redemption
and repurchase of common stock.


NO DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

     Under both the Delaware law and the Georgia law, a shareholder who
participates in specified major corporate transactions may be entitled to
dissenters' or appraisal rights pursuant to which the shareholder may receive
cash in the amount of the fair value of his or her shares in lieu of the
consideration he or she would otherwise receive in the transaction.

     
Under the Delaware law, appraisal rights are generally available to
stockholders entitled to vote with respect to mergers and consolidations.

Stockholders do not, however, have appraisal rights with respect to a merger or
consolidation by a corporation when the corporation's shares are either listed
on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000
stockholders so long as the stockholders are not required to accept anything
other than shares of the surviving corporation, shares of any other corporation
that are either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by
more than 2,000 holders, cash in lieu of fractional shares or a combination of
the foregoing.
Delaware law permits a corporation to expand these statutory
rights pursuant to its certificate of incorporation, but SPX has not done so.

     
Under the Georgia law, dissenters' rights are available in the following
corporate actions:

     -  a merger, if shareholder approval is required for the merger and the
        shareholder is entitled to vote on the merger, or if the corporation is
        a subsidiary that is merged with its parent;

     -  a share exchange in which the corporation's shares will be acquired, if
        the shareholder is entitled to vote on the share exchange;

     -  a sale or exchange of all or substantially all of a corporation's
        assets, if a shareholder vote is required, other than a sale pursuant to
        a court order or a sale for cash the proceeds of which will be
        distributed to the shareholders within one year;

     -  an amendment of the articles of incorporation that adversely affects
        rights relating to the shareholder's shares; or

     -  any corporate action taken pursuant to a shareholder vote to the extent
        the articles of incorporation, bylaws or a resolution of the board of
        directors provide that voting or non-voting shareholders are entitled to
        dissent and obtain payment for their shares.

     
The Georgia law provides that if a shareholder is entitled to exercise
dissenters' rights, those rights constitute the shareholder's exclusive remedy
in the absence of fraud or failure to comply with certain procedural
requirements.

     
Dissenters' rights are not available under the Georgia law when the
affected shares are listed on a national securities exchange or held of record
by more than 2,000 shareholders unless:

     -  the articles of incorporation or a resolution of the board of directors
        approving the transaction provide otherwise; or

     -  in a plan of merger or share exchange, the shareholders are required to
        accept anything other than shares of the surviving corporation or
        another publicly held corporation that at the effective date of the
        merger or share exchange are either listed on a national securities
        exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 shareholders, except for
        payments in lieu of fractional shares.


SHAREHOLDER DERIVATIVE SUITS

     Under the Delaware law and the Georgia law, a shareholder may only bring a
derivative action on behalf of the corporation if he or she was a shareholder at
the time of the transaction in question or if the stock was transferred to him
or her by operation of law.
In addition, the Georgia law requires that the
shareholder fairly and adequately represent the corporation's interests in
enforcing its rights.


DISSOLUTION

     Under the Delaware law, a corporation may be dissolved in two ways.
First,
a majority of the board along with a majority of the voting stockholders can
approve a dissolution.
Second, the vote of 100% of the voting stockholders can
approve a dissolution.
A Delaware corporation's certificate of incorporation can
impose a supermajority voting requirement for a dissolution initiated by the
board of directors.
The SPX certificate of incorporation does not impose any
supermajority vote requirement for dissolution.

     
Dissolution under the Georgia law requires the approval of the board of
directors, unless the board elects not to make a recommendation because of a
conflict of interest or other special circumstances, and a majority of the
stockholders entitled to vote.
Under Georgia law, the articles of incorporation
may require a greater vote or voting by groups for dissolution.
The VSI Holdings
articles of incorporation do not impose any supermajority vote requirement for
dissolution.


PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

     Under both the Delaware law and the Georgia law, preemptive rights are not
available to stockholders unless specifically authorized by the certificate or
articles of incorporation.
Both the SPX certificate of

incorporation and the VSI Holdings articles of incorporation provide that
shareholders will not have any preemptive rights.


SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS PLANS

     SPX entered into a rights agreement with The Bank of New York, as rights
agent, on June 25, 1996, as amended October 22, 1997.
Under the SPX rights
agreement, the board declared a dividend of one right for each outstanding share
of SPX common stock held of record on June 25, 1996.
Each SPX right entitles its
holder to purchase, upon the occurrence of certain specified events, one
one-thousandth of a share of SPX series A junior participating preferred stock,
at an exercise price of $200, subject to adjustment.
At no time do the holders
of SPX rights have any voting rights.

     
The SPX rights will no longer be exercisable after the earlier of June 25,
2006, the redemption of the rights or the exchange of the rights for SPX common
stock.
The description and terms of the SPX rights are set forth in the SPX
rights agreement.
In general, pursuant to the rights agreement, upon the
occurrence of specified triggering events, for example, the acquisition by any
person (other than SPX or any of its subsidiaries) of the beneficial ownership
of securities representing 20% or more of the outstanding SPX common stock
without the prior approval of SPX's board, each holder of an SPX right will have
the right to receive, upon exercise of the SPX right, that amount of SPX common
stock having a market value equal to two times the exercise price of the SPX
right.

     
The SPX rights agreement further provides that if SPX is acquired in a
merger or other business combination or sells more than 50% of its assets and
the transaction is not approved by SPX's board, the SPX stockholders will have
the right to receive, with respect to each SPX right, common stock of the
acquiring company having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the
SPX right.
Under certain circumstances, SPX may redeem the rights for a
redemption price of $.01 per right.

     
VSI Holdings has not adopted any shareholder rights plan.


INTERESTED DIRECTOR TRANSACTIONS

     Under both the Delaware law and the Georgia law, contracts or transactions
in which a corporation's director has an interest are not void or voidable
because of that interest, so long as specified conditions are met, for example,
obtaining required approvals and fulfilling the requirements of good faith and
full disclosure.
The conditions are substantially similar under the Delaware law
and the Georgia law.
The SPX certificate of incorporation requires disclosure of
the interest to the board or board committee that will vote on the
interested-director transaction.
Similarly, the VSI Holdings bylaws require
disclosure of the interest to the board of directors or shareholders voting on
the interested-director transaction.


AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

     Under the Delaware law, a corporation may amend its certificate of
incorporation if, among other things, the amendment is approved by a majority of
the outstanding stock entitled to vote approves the amendment.
If, however, the
provision of the certificate of incorporation requires an affirmative vote of
directors or stockholders greater than that normally provided for by the
Delaware law, that provision of the certificate of incorporation may not be
amended or repealed without that greater vote.

     
The SPX certificate of incorporation provides that the holders of at least
80% of the voting shares of SPX must approve the amendment of Articles Eighth
(number, classification and power of directors), Ninth (stockholder meetings)
and Fifteenth (business combinations) of the certificate of incorporation.
In
addition, a majority of the voting shares can amend Article Fifteenth (business
combinations) if at least two-thirds of the directors who are not affiliates or
representatives of the substantial stockholder (as defined in the section above
entitled Business Combinations with Substantial Stockholders) and who were
directors before the substantial stockholder became a substantial stockholder
approve the amendment.

     
Under the Georgia law, articles of incorporation may be amended if the
board recommends the amendment and the shareholders approve the amendment by a
majority vote of the shares eligible to vote.
The VSI Holdings articles of
incorporation do not alter these requirements.


AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

     Under the Delaware law, the stockholders have the power to adopt, amend or
repeal bylaws unless the certificate of incorporation also confers that power
upon the directors.
SPX's certificate of incorporation, with limited exceptions,
expressly authorizes the board of directors to adopt, amend and repeal the
bylaws.
The SPX bylaws provide that, subject to the provisions of the SPX
certificate of incorporation, a majority of the board or a majority of the
stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting may alter the bylaws.
The SPX
certificate of incorporation provides that at least 80% of the voting power of
all SPX shares must amend or repeal specified sections of the SPX bylaws dealing
with aspects of stockholder action and the election and removal of directors.

     
Under the Georgia law, the board of directors may generally amend or repeal
bylaws, unless this power is reserved to shareholders in the articles of
incorporation or if the bylaw involved provides for staggered terms for the
directors, which only the shareholders may create or eliminate.
VSI Holdings'
governing documents provide that its board of directors has the power to alter,
amend or repeal the bylaws, unless that power is modified or divested by a vote
of a majority of the shareholders.
VSI Holdings' shareholders have not modified
or divested the board's authority to amend the VSI Holdings bylaws.


CONSIDERATION OF NON-STOCKHOLDER CONSTITUENCIES

     Under the Delaware law, a board of directors may consider the impact of its
decisions on constituencies other than stockholders.
Non-stockholder
constituencies may include creditors, customers, employees, and perhaps the
community generally.
The board may only consider the interests of other
constituencies, however, if there are rationally related benefits to
stockholders or there is some reasonable relationship to general stockholder
interests.
SPX's certificate of incorporation also provides that in determining
whether an acquisition proposal is in the best interests of SPX and its
stockholders, the SPX board must consider all factors it deems relevant,
including:

     - the consideration offered, not only in relation to the then current
       market price, but also in relation to the then current value of SPX in a
       freely negotiated transaction and in relation to the board's estimate of
       the future value of SPX as an independent entity; and

     - the social, legal and economic effects on employees, suppliers, customers
       and the communities in which SPX is located, as well as on the long term
       business prospects of SPX.

     VSI Holdings' governing documents do not contain a non-stockholder
constituencies provision.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

     Gardner, Carton & Douglas, Chicago, Illinois, will pass on the validity of
the shares of SPX common stock to be issued in connection with the merger.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     SPX and VSI Holdings file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC.
You may read and copy any
reports, statements or other information that the companies file at the SEC's
public reference rooms in Washington, D.C., New York, New York and Chicago,
Illinois.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the
public reference rooms.
SPX's and VSI Holdings' public filings are also
available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the
Internet site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
You may also inspect
reports, proxy statements and other information concerning SPX at the offices of
the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005 and at
the offices of the Pacific Exchange

at 301 Pine Street, San Francisco, California 94104.
Reports, proxy statements
and other information concerning VSI Holdings are available for inspection at
the offices of the American Stock Exchange, Inc., 86 Trinity Place, New York,
New York 10006.

     
SPX has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC
the shares of SPX common stock to be issued to VSI Holdings shareholders in the
merger.
This proxy statement-prospectus is a part of that registration statement
and constitutes a prospectus of SPX and a proxy statement of VSI Holdings for
purposes of the VSI Holdings special meeting.

     
As allowed by SEC rules, this proxy statement-prospectus omits certain
information contained in the registration statement or the exhibits to the
registration statement.
Any statements contained in this proxy
statement-prospectus concerning the provisions of any other document are not
necessarily complete, and, in each instance, reference is made to the copy of
that document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement or otherwise
filed with the SEC.
Each statement is qualified in its entirety by that
reference.

     
The SEC allows SPX and VSI Holdings to incorporate by reference information
into this proxy statement-prospectus.
This means that SPX can disclose important
information by referring you to other documents that it has filed separately
with the SEC.
In addition, VSI Holdings can disclose important information by
referring you to other documents that are being delivered to you with this proxy
statement-prospectus.
VSI Holdings has also filed these documents with the SEC.

The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this proxy
statement-prospectus, except for any information superseded by information
contained directly in the proxy statement-prospectus.
This proxy
statement-prospectus incorporates by reference the following documents:

SPX SEC FILINGS (FILE NO. 1-6948)

     - annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000
       filed on March 9, 2001, as amended on Form 10-K/A filed on April 12,
       2001;

     - current reports on Form 8-K filed March 12, April 12 and April 13, 2001;

     - definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A dated March 27, 2001; and

     - the description of SPX's capital stock (and the SPX preferred stock
       purchase rights) contained in SPX's registration statements pursuant to
       Section 12 of the Exchange Act and any amendments or reports filed for
       the purpose of updating any of those descriptions.


VSI HOLDINGS SEC FILINGS (FILE NO. 1-12942)

     - annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2000;

     - quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2000;

     - current report on Form 8-K filed March 30, 2001; and

     - definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A dated March 31, 2000.

     
Copies of VSI Holdings annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on
Form 10-Q are being delivered to you with this proxy statement-prospectus.

     
SPX and VSI Holdings incorporate by reference additional documents that
either company may file with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d)
between the date of this proxy statement-prospectus and the date that the merger
is consummated.
These include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as
proxy statements.

     
VSI Holdings has supplied all information contained or incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement-prospectus relating to VSI Holdings, and SPX
has supplied all information relating to SPX.

     
You can obtain without charge a copy of any SPX document or any VSI
Holdings document incorporated by reference and not delivered with this proxy
statement-prospectus, except for the exhibits to those documents, from the
appropriate company.
You may also obtain these documents from the SEC or through
the SEC's Internet website described above.
You may obtain documents
incorporated by reference into but not delivered with this proxy
statement-prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the
appropriate company at the following addresses:

               SPX Corporation                               VSI Holdings, Inc.
           700 Terrace Point Drive                         41000 Woodward Avenue
           Muskegon, Michigan 49443                   
Bloomfield Hills, Michigan 48304
        Attention: Investor Relations                  Attention: Investor Relations
                (231) 724-5000                                 (248) 644-0500

     If you would like to request documents from either company, please do so by
          , 2001 to receive them before the VSI Holdings special meeting.
If you
request any of these documents from us we will mail them to you by first-class
mail or similar means.

     
YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN, DELIVERED WITH OR
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS IN VOTING YOUR
SHARES AT THE VSI HOLDINGS SPECIAL MEETING.
VSI HOLDINGS AND SPX HAVE NOT
AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT FROM WHAT IS
CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS.
THIS PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS IS
DATED          , 2001.
You should not assume that the information contained in
the proxy statement-prospectus is accurate as of any other date, and neither the
mailing of this proxy statement-prospectus to VSI Holdings' shareholders nor the
issuance of SPX's securities in the merger will create any implication to the
contrary.

                                    
EXPERTS

     The consolidated balance sheets of SPX as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 and
the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income,
shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2000 incorporated in this proxy statement-prospectus by
reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A have been audited by Arthur
Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, as indicated in their report dated
February 9, 2001 with respect thereto, and are incorporated by reference herein
in reliance upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing.

     
The consolidated financial statements of VSI Holdings appearing in VSI
Holdings' 2000 Form 10-K have been audited by Plante & Moran, LLP, independent
auditors, as set forth in their report thereon included therein and incorporated
herein by reference.
These consolidated financial statements are incorporated
herein in reliance upon that report given upon the authority of that firm as
experts in accounting and auditing.

     
The consolidated financial statements of United Dominion incorporated in
this proxy
statement-prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 40-F of United
Dominion for the three years ended December 31, 2000 and Form 8-K of SPX dated
April 13, 2001 have been audited by KPMG LLP, independent public accountants, as
indicated in their report with respect thereto, and are incorporated by
reference herein in reliance upon the authority of said firm as experts in
accounting and auditing.

                                                                      
APPENDIX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
                                 BY AND BETWEEN
                                SPX CORPORATION
                                      AND
                               VSI HOLDINGS, INC.
                           Dated as of March 24, 2001

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

This Agreement and Plan of Merger (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as
of March 24, 2001, by and between VSI Holdings, Inc., a Georgia corporation (the
"Company") and SPX Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser").

                                  
WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Purchaser and the Company have
adopted and approved this Agreement (which includes the "plan of merger"
contemplated by the applicable provisions of the Georgia Business Corporation
Code (the "GBCC")) and the merger (the "Merger") of the Company with and into
Purchaser in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia and the laws of
the State of Delaware and the provisions of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, for United States federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the
Merger provided for herein shall qualify as a reorganization under Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Code"), and this Agreement is intended
to be and is adopted as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Section
368 of the Code; and

WHEREAS, the Company and Purchaser desire to make certain representations,
warranties and agreements in connection with, and establish various conditions
precedent to, the Merger.


WHEREAS, the Purchaser, Steve Toth, Jr. ("Toth") and certain other shareholders
of the Company are entering into an Indemnity and Restriction Agreement
contemporaneously herewith ("Indemnity and Restriction Agreement");

WHEREAS, PII Ventures, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company, the
Purchaser and Toth are entering into an Asset Purchase Agreement
contemporaneously herewith; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1

                              TERMS OF THE MERGER

     1.1  The Merger.  
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this
Agreement, the Merger shall be consummated in accordance with the GBCC and the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL").
Except as provided below, at the
Effective Time (as defined below), upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement, the Company shall be merged with and into Purchaser in
accordance with the GBCC and the DGCL and the separate existence of the Company
shall thereupon cease, and Purchaser, as the surviving corporation in the Merger
(the "Surviving Corporation"), shall continue its corporate existence under the
laws of the State of Delaware.
The parties shall prepare and the Surviving
Corporation shall execute and file (i) a mutually acceptable Certificate of
Merger (the "Georgia Certificate of Merger") with the Secretary of State of
Georgia in order to comply in all respects with the requirements of the GBCC and
with the provisions of this Agreement, and (ii) a mutually acceptable
Certificate of Merger (the "Delaware Certificate of Merger" and together with
the Georgia Certificate of Merger, the "Certificates of Merger") with the
Secretary of State of Delaware in order to comply in all respects with the
requirements of the DGCL and with the provisions of this Agreement.
Not later
than the next business day after the filing the Georgia Certificate of Merger,
the Surviving Corporation shall comply with Section 14-2-1105.2 of the GBCC.

     
1.2  The Closing; Effective Time.  
(a) The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") shall take place at the offices of Miller, Canfield, Paddock and
Stone, P.L.C. in Troy, Michigan, at 10:00 a.m. local time on a date to be
specified by the parties which shall be no later than the third business day
after the date that all
                                       A-1

of the closing conditions, except for conditions which, by their terms, are to
be satisfied by deliveries made on the Closing Date, set forth in Article 6,
have been satisfied or waived (if waivable), unless another time, date or place
is agreed upon in writing by the parties hereto.

          (b)  The Merger shall become effective at the time of the filing of
     the Georgia Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State
     of Georgia in accordance with the applicable provisions of the GBCC and the
     filing of the Delaware Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of
     the State of Delaware in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
     DGCL, or at such later time as may be specified in the Certificates of
     Merger.
The time when the Merger shall become effective is herein referred
     to as the "Effective Time" and the date on which the Effective Time occurs
     is herein referred to as the "Closing Date.
"

     1.3  Merger Consideration.  
(a) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement
and any applicable backup or other withholding requirements, each of the issued
and outstanding shares (the "Company Shares") of common stock, $.01 par value,
of the Company (the "Company Stock") outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (except for Company Shares to be cancelled as set forth in
Section 1.3(d) shall be converted, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the holder thereof, into the right to receive the
Purchaser Stock Consideration or the combination of Purchaser Stock
Consideration and Cash Consideration, without any interest thereon, as specified
in Section 1.5 hereof, subject to payment of cash in lieu of any fractional
share as hereinafter provided (the "Merger Consideration").
For purposes hereof,
the following terms have the following respective meanings:

          "Cash Consideration" means a per Company Share amount in cash equal to
     $4.35.

          
"Outstanding Company Shares" means the Company Stock outstanding
     immediately prior to the Effective Time, including, without limitation,
     restricted shares referred to in Section 1.10(b), but excluding Company
     Shares to be cancelled pursuant to Section 1.3(d).

          
"Purchaser Rights" means Rights to purchase Series A Junior
     Participation Preferred Stock of Purchaser distributed to holders of
     Purchaser Stock pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated June 25, 1996, as
     amended, between the Purchaser and Bank of New York, as Rights Agent.

          
"Purchaser Stock" means the common stock, $10 per share, of Purchaser
     and associated Purchaser Rights.
For clarification, each reference herein
     to Purchaser Stock shall include the associated Purchaser Rights.

          
"Purchaser Stock Consideration" means .043 of a share of Purchaser
     Stock.
In the event that between the date of this Agreement and the
     Effective Time, the issued and outstanding shares of Purchaser Stock shall
     have been affected or changed into a different number of shares or a
     different class of shares as a result of a stock split, reverse stock
     split, stock dividend, spin-off, extraordinary dividend, recapitalization,
     reclassification, subdivision, combination of shares or other similar
     transaction, or there shall have been a record date declared for any such
     matter, the Purchaser Stock Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted
     as mutually agreed upon by Purchaser and the Company.

          
(b)  No fractional shares of Purchaser Stock shall be issued pursuant
     to the Merger nor will any fractional share interest involved entitle the
     holder thereof to vote, to receive dividends or to exercise any other
     rights of a shareholder of Purchaser.
In lieu thereof, any holder of
     Company Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share of
     Purchaser Stock pursuant to the provisions hereof shall receive an amount
     in cash pursuant to Section 1.5(g) hereof.

          (c)  Each share of Purchaser Stock and any and all shares of Preferred
     Stock of Purchaser, if any, outstanding immediately prior to the Merger
     shall remain issued and outstanding.

          
(d)  
Any shares of Company Stock owned by Purchaser, or any other
     wholly owned subsidiaries of Purchaser or held in the treasury of the
     Company immediately prior to the Merger shall be cancelled and retired at
     the Effective Time and shall cease to exist and no Purchaser Stock or other
     consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.
                                       A-2

          (e)  
On and after the Effective Time, holders of certificates
     representing shares of Company Stock (the "Certificates") immediately prior
     to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights as stockholders of the
     Company, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration for each
     Company Share held by them.

     
1.4  Election Procedure.  
Each holder of Company Shares (other than holders
of Company Shares to be cancelled as set forth in Section 1.3(d)) shall have the
right to submit a request specifying either that such holder's Company Shares
shall be converted into the Purchaser Stock Consideration or that such holder's
Company Shares shall be converted into a combination of Cash Consideration and
Purchaser Stock Consideration, without interest, in the Merger in accordance
with the following procedure:

          (a)  Each holder of Company Shares may specify in a request made in
     accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.4 (herein called an
     "Election") to either: (i) convert one-hundred percent (100%) of the
     Company Shares owned by such holder into the right to receive the Purchaser
     Stock Consideration in the Merger (a "Stock Election"), or (ii) convert
     forty-five percent (45%) of the Company Shares owned by such holder into
     the right to receive the Cash Consideration in the Merger, and fifty-five
     percent (55%) of the Company Shares owned by each such holder into the
     right to receive the Purchaser Stock Consideration in the Merger (a
     "Cash/Stock Election").
A Form of Election shall be included with each copy
     of the Prospectus/Proxy Statement (as defined in Section 1.15) mailed to
     stockholders of the Company in connection with the meeting of stockholders
     called to consider the Company Proposals (as defined in Section 1.15).
     
Purchaser and the Company shall each use its reasonable best efforts to
     mail or otherwise make available the Form of Election to all persons who
     become holders of Company Shares during the period between the record date
     for such stockholder meeting and the Election Deadline (as defined in
     Section 1.4(d)).

          (b)  
Purchaser shall prepare a form (the "Form of Election"), which
     shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Company, pursuant to which
     each holder of Company Shares at the close of business on the Election
     Deadline may make an Election and which shall be mailed to the Company's
     stockholders in accordance with Section 1.4(a) so as to permit the
     Company's stockholders to exercise their right to make an Election prior to
     the Election Deadline.

          (c)  
Holders of record of Company Shares who hold such shares as
     nominees, trustees, or in other representative capacities may submit
     multiple Forms of Election, provided that such representative certifies
     that each Form of Election covers all Company Shares held by such
     representative for a particular beneficial owner.

          
(d)  Not later than the filing of the Prospectus/Proxy Statement (as
     defined below) with the SEC (as defined below), as contemplated in Section
     1.15(a) hereof, the Purchaser shall appoint a bank acceptable to the
     Company as the person to receive Forms of Election and to act as exchange
     agent under this Agreement, which bank shall be acceptable to the Company
     (the "Exchange Agent").
Any Company stockholder's Election shall have been
     made properly only if the Exchange Agent shall have received, by 5:00 p.m.
     local time in the city in which the principal office of such Exchange Agent
     is located, on the date of the Election Deadline, a Form of Election
     properly completed and signed and accompanied by certificates for the
     Company Shares to which such Form of Election relates (or by an appropriate
     guarantee of delivery of such certificates, as set forth in such Form of
     Election, from a member of any registered national securities exchange or
     of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or a commercial
     bank or trust company in the United States provided such certificates are
     in fact delivered to the Exchange Agent by the time required in such
     guarantee of delivery).
Failure to deliver Company Shares covered by such a
     guarantee of delivery within the time set forth on such guarantee shall be
     deemed to invalidate any otherwise properly made Election.
As used herein,
     "Election Deadline" means the date announced by Purchaser (which date shall
     be agreed upon by the Company), as the last day on which Forms of Election
     will be accepted; provided, that such date shall be a business day no
     earlier than ten (10) business days prior to the Effective Time and no
     later than the date on which the Effective Time occurs.
In the event this
     Agreement shall have been terminated prior to the Effective Time, the
     Exchange Agent shall

                                       A-3

     immediately return all Election Forms and certificates for Company Shares
     to the appropriate Company stockholders.

          
(e)  Any Company stockholder may at any time prior to the Election
     Deadline change his Election by written notice received by the Exchange
     Agent prior to the Election Deadline accompanied by a revised Form of
     Election properly completed and signed.

          
(f)  Any Company stockholder may, at any time prior to the Election
     Deadline, revoke his Election by written notice received by the Exchange
     Agent prior to the Election Deadline or by withdrawal prior to the Election
     Deadline of his certificates for Company Shares, or of the guarantee of
     delivery of such certificates, previously deposited with the Exchange
     Agent.
All Elections shall be revoked automatically if the Exchange Agent
     is notified in writing by Purchaser or the Company that this Agreement has
     been terminated.
Any Company stockholder who shall have deposited
     certificates for Company Shares with the Exchange Agent shall have the
     right to withdraw such certificates by written notice received by the
     Exchange Agent prior to the Election Deadline and thereby revoke his
     Election as of the Election Deadline if the Merger shall not have been
     consummated prior thereto.

          
(g)  Purchaser shall have the right to make rules, not inconsistent
     with the terms of this Agreement, governing the validity of the Forms of
     Election, the manner and extent to which Elections are to be taken into
     account in making the determinations prescribed by Section 1.5, the
     issuance and delivery of certificates for Purchaser Stock into which
     Company Shares are converted in the Merger and the payment of cash for
     Company Shares converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration
     in the Merger.

     
1.5  Issuance of Purchaser Stock Consideration and Payment of Cash
Consideration; Proration.  
The manner in which each Company Share (except
Company Shares to be cancelled as set forth in Section 1.3(d)) shall be
converted into the Purchaser Stock Consideration or the right to receive a
combination of Purchaser Stock Consideration and Cash Consideration at the
Effective Time shall be as set forth in this Section 1.5.

          (a)  As is more fully set forth below, the number of Company Shares to
     be converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration in the Merger
     pursuant to this Agreement shall not exceed the lesser of (i) 45% of all
     Outstanding Company Shares, or (ii) the maximum number of Company Shares
     permissible under Sec. 3.02 of Rev. Proc. 77-37, 1977-2, C.B. 568,
     including for this purpose only as Company Shares the amount of the debt
     being repaid pursuant to Section 5.10 (the "Maximum Cash Amount").

          (b)  
If Stock Elections and Cash/Stock Elections received providing
     for the conversion of Company Shares in the Merger into Purchaser Stock
     Consideration is greater than the amount of the Outstanding Company Shares
     minus the Maximum Cash Amount (the "Minimum Stock Amount"), each Company
     Share as to which the holder has elected to have converted into Purchaser
     Stock Consideration shall be converted in the Merger into the Purchaser
     Stock Consideration.

          (c)  
If Cash/Stock Elections are received providing for the conversion
     of Company Shares in the Merger into Cash Consideration in an amount less
     than the Maximum Cash Amount, each Company Share covered by a Cash/Stock
     Election that is to be converted in the Merger into Cash Consideration
     shall be converted in the Merger into the right to receive the Cash
     Consideration.

          
(d)  
If Cash/Stock Elections are received providing for conversion of
     Company Shares into Cash Consideration in an amount that is more than the
     Maximum Cash Amount, each Non-Electing Company Share (as defined in Section
     1.5(f)) and each Company Share for which a Stock Election has been received
     shall be converted in the Merger into the Purchaser Stock Consideration,
     and the Company Shares for which Cash/Stock Elections have been received
     shall be converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration and
     Purchaser Stock Consideration in the following manner:

             (1)  The Exchange Agent will distribute to each holder of Company
        Shares as to which a Cash/Stock Election has been made the Cash
        Consideration for a fraction of such Company

                                       A-4

        Shares, the numerator of which fraction shall be the Maximum Cash Amount
        and the denominator of which shall be the aggregate number of Company
        Shares covered by Cash/Stock Elections that have elected to be converted
        into Cash Consideration.

             (2)  Company Shares covered by a Cash/Stock Election and not fully
        converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration as set forth
        in clause (1) above shall be converted in the Merger into the right to
        receive a number of shares of Purchaser Stock equal to the Purchaser
        Stock Consideration for each such Company Share to offset the reduction
        in Cash Consideration affected pursuant to clause (1) above.

          (e)  
If Non-Electing Company Shares are not converted under Section
     1.5(d), the Exchange Agent shall convert each Non-Electing Company Share
     into the Purchaser Stock Consideration.

          
(f)  
For the purposes of this Section 1.5, Outstanding Company Shares
     as to which an Election is not in effect at the Election Deadline shall be
     called "Non-Electing Company Shares."
If Purchaser shall determine that any
     Election is not properly made with respect to any Company Shares, such
     Election shall be deemed to be not in effect, and the Company Shares
     covered by such Election shall, for purposes hereof, be deemed to be
     Non-Electing Company Shares.
The Purchaser and the Exchange Agent shall
     have no obligation to notify any person of any defect in any Form of
     Election submitted to the Exchange Agent.

          
(g)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no
     certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of Purchaser Stock
     shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates, no
     dividend or distribution with respect to Company Shares shall be payable on
     or with respect to any fractional share and such fractional share interests
     shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any other rights of a
     stockholder of Purchaser.
In lieu of any such fractional share of Purchaser
     Stock, Purchaser shall pay to each former stockholder of the Company who
     otherwise would be entitled to receive a fractional share of Purchaser
     Stock an amount in cash determined by multiplying (i) $101.17 by (ii) the
     fractional interest in a share of Purchaser Stock to which such holder
     would otherwise be entitled.
If more than one Certificate shall be
     surrendered for the account of the same holder, the number of shares of
     Purchaser Stock to be issued to such holder in exchange for the
     Certificates shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of
     shares represented by all Certificates surrendered for the account of such
     holder.
Any payment received by a holder of Company Shares with respect to
     fractional share interest is merely intended to provide a mechanical
     rounding off of, and not separately bargained for, consideration.

          
(h)  The Exchange Agent shall make all computations contemplated by
     this Section 1.5 and all such computations shall be conclusive and binding
     on the holders of Company Shares absent manifest error.

     
1.6 Issuance of Purchaser Stock Consideration.  
(a) Immediately prior to
the Effective Time, Purchaser shall (i) deliver to the Exchange Agent, in trust
for the benefit of the holders of Company Shares, certificates representing an
aggregate number of shares of Purchaser Stock as nearly as practicable equal to
the number of shares to be converted into Purchaser Stock as determined in
Section 1.5 and (ii) deposit with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit
of the holders of Company Shares, an amount in cash equal to the cash to be paid
in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.5(g).

          
(b) As soon as practicable on the day of the Closing (but after the
     Effective Time), each holder of Company Shares converted into Purchaser
     Stock Consideration pursuant to Section 1.3(a), upon surrender to the
     Exchange Agent with a properly completed Letter of Transmittal (to the
     extent not previously surrendered with a Form of Election) of one or more
     Certificates for such Company Shares for cancellation, shall be entitled to
     receive (and the Exchange Agent shall deliver) certificates representing
     the number of shares of Purchaser Stock into which such Company Shares
     shall have been converted in the Merger and a bank check in an amount equal
     to any cash in lieu or fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.5(g).

                                       
A-5

          (c) No dividends or distributions that have been declared, if any,
     will be paid to persons entitled to receive certificates for shares of
     Purchaser Stock until such persons surrender their certificates for Company
     Shares, at which time all such dividends and distributions shall be paid.
     
In no event shall the persons entitled to receive such dividends be
     entitled to receive interest on such dividends.
If any certificate for such
     Purchaser Stock is to be issued in a name other than that in which the
     certificate for Company Shares surrendered in exchange therefor is
     registered, it shall be a condition of such exchange that the person
     requesting such exchange shall pay to the Exchange Agent any transfer or
     other taxes required by reason of issuance of certificates for such
     Purchaser Stock in a name other than the registered holder of the
     certificate surrendered, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the
     Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.
     
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Exchange Agent nor any party
     hereto shall be liable to a holder of Company Shares for any Purchaser
     Stock or dividends thereon delivered to a public official pursuant to any
     applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

     
1.7 Payment of Cash Consideration.  
Immediately prior to the Effective
Time, Purchaser shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit
of the holders of Company Shares, an amount in cash equal to the Cash
Consideration to be paid to holders of Company Shares to be converted into the
right to receive the Cash Consideration as determined in Section 1.5.
As soon as
practicable on the day of the Closing (but after the Effective Time), the
Exchange Agent shall distribute to holders of Company Shares converted into the
right to receive the Cash Consideration and determined in Section 1.5, upon
surrender to the Exchange Agent (to the extent not previously surrendered with a
Form of Election) of one or more Certificates for such Company Shares for
cancellation, a bank check for an amount equal to the Cash Consideration times
the number of Company Shares so converted.
In no event shall the holder of any
such surrendered certificates be entitled to receive interest on any of the Cash
Consideration to be received in the Merger.
If such check is to be issued in the
name of a person other than the person in whose name the certificates for the
Company Shares surrendered for exchange therefor are registered, it shall be a
condition of the exchange that the person requesting such exchange shall pay to
the Exchange Agent any transfer or other taxes required by reason of issuance of
such check to a person other than the registered holder of the certificates
surrendered, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that
such tax has been paid or is not applicable.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither the Exchange Agent nor any party hereto shall be liable to a holder of
Company Shares for any amount paid to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

     
1.8  Letters of Transmittal.  
Purchaser will instruct the Exchange Agent to
mail to each holder of record of Certificates who has not previously surrendered
such holder's Certificates with a validly executed Form of Election as soon as
reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, (i) a Letter of Transmittal
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title
to such holder's Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have such other
provisions as shall be agreed upon by the Company prior to the Effective Time)
and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of Certificates in
exchange for the Merger Consideration (the "Letter of Transmittal").

     
1.9  Missing Certificates.  
If any holder of Company Shares convertible
into the right to receive the Merger Consideration is unable to deliver the
certificate which represents such shares, the Exchange Agent shall deliver to
such holder the Merger Consideration to which the holder is entitled for such
shares upon presentation of the following: (a) evidence to the reasonable
satisfaction of the Purchaser that any such certificate has been lost,
wrongfully taken or destroyed; (b) such security or indemnity as may be
reasonably requested by the Purchaser to indemnify and hold harmless the
Purchaser and the Exchange Agent; and (c) evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser
that such person is the owner of the shares theretofore represented by each
certificate claimed to be lost, wrongfully taken or destroyed and that the
holder is the person who would be entitled to present such certificate for
payment pursuant to this Agreement.

     
1.10  Options.

                                       
A-6

          (a)  
At the Effective Time, unless such options are otherwise
     cancelled pursuant to Section 1.10(d), Purchaser shall cause each holder of
     a then outstanding and unexercised option whether vested or unvested (the
     "Company Options"), to receive, by virtue of the Merger and without any
     action on the part of the holder thereof, options exercisable for shares of
     Purchaser Stock ("Purchaser Replacement Options") having substantially the
     same terms and conditions as the Company Options (including such terms and
     conditions as may be incorporated by reference into the agreements
     evidencing the Company Options pursuant to the plans or arrangements
     pursuant to which such Company Options were granted) except that the per
     share exercise price and the number of shares issuable upon exercise shall
     be divided and multiplied, respectively, by the Purchaser Stock
     Consideration, and rounded to the nearest whole cent or number,
     respectively.
Each Company Option or portion thereof, that is not vested
     pursuant to its original terms will remain unvested and all Purchaser
     Replacement Options will vest in accordance with the original terms of the
     Company Option; provided, however, that it is acknowledged for
     clarification purposes only, that all options that are outstanding under
     the Company's 1997 Independent Directors Stock Option Plan will become
     vested in accordance with the provisions of the plan prior to the Effective
     Time.
Purchaser shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that any Company
     Options that qualified as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the
     Code prior to the Effective Time continue to so qualify after the Effective
     Time.
Purchaser shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve for
     issuance a sufficient number of shares of Purchaser Stock for delivery upon
     the exercise of Purchaser Replacement Options after the Effective Time.

          
(b)  
At the Effective Time, any unvested restricted Company Shares
     awarded to employees, directors or consultants pursuant to any of the
     Company's plans or arrangements and outstanding immediately prior to the
     Effective Time shall become fully vested and shall be treated as
     Outstanding Company Shares for purposes of this Article 1.

          (c)  
Promptly after the Effective Time, Purchaser shall file or cause
     to be filed all registration statements on Form S-8 or other appropriate
     form as may be necessary in connection with the purchase and sale of
     Purchaser Stock contemplated by the Purchaser Replacement Options
     subsequent to the Effective Time, and shall maintain the effectiveness of
     such registration statements (and maintain the current status of the
     prospectus or prospectuses contained therein) for so long as any of the
     Purchaser Replacement Options registered thereunder remain outstanding.
As
     soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Purchaser shall qualify under
     applicable state securities laws the issuance of such shares of Purchaser
     Stock issuable upon exercise of Purchaser Replacement Options.
Purchaser's
     Board of Directors shall take all actions necessary on the part of
     Purchaser to enable the acquisition of Purchaser Stock and Purchaser
     Replacement Options and subsequent transactions in Purchaser Stock after
     the Effective Time pursuant to Purchaser Replacement Options by persons
     subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities
     Exchange Act (as defined below) to be exempt from the application of
     Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act, to the extent permitted
     thereunder.

          
(d)  
Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall use its reasonable
     best efforts to obtain consents, releases and amendments to option
     agreements from holders of Company Options to the cancellation thereof in
     exchange for cash, all in accordance with terms to be specified by
     Purchaser.
For the purpose of this Agreement, "Company Stock Option Plans"
     means and includes the Company's 1997 Incentive Stock Option Plan, the
     Company's 1997 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, and the Company's
     Independent Directors Stock Option Plan.

     1.11  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.  
At and after the Effective
Time until the same have been duly amended, (i) subject to Section 5.9(a), the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be identical to
the Certificate of Incorporation of Purchaser in effect at the Effective Time
and (ii) the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be identical to the
Bylaws of Purchaser in effect at the Effective Time.

                                       
A-7

     1.12  Directors and Officers.  
At and after the Effective Time, the
directors of Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of the Purchaser
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation, in each case until their successors are elected or appointed and
qualified.
If, at the Effective Time, a vacancy shall exist on the Board of
Directors or in any office of the Surviving Corporation, such vacancy may
thereafter be filled in the manner provided by Law.

     
1.13  Stock Transfer Books.  
At the Effective Time, the stock transfer
books of the Company shall be closed and no transfer of Company Shares shall
thereafter be made.
If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to
the Surviving Corporation, they shall be cancelled and exchanged for the Merger
Consideration pursuant to this Article I.

     1.14  Other Effects of Merger.  
The Merger shall have all further effects
as specified in the applicable provisions of the GBCC and the DGCL.

     
1.15  Registration Statement Prospectus/Proxy Statement and Listing
Application.

          (a)  
For the purposes of (i) registering Purchaser Stock for issuance
     to holders of the Company Shares in connection with the Merger with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") under the Securities Act of
     1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the "Securities
     Act"), and complying with applicable state securities laws, and (ii)
     holding the meeting of the Company's stockholders to vote upon the approval
     of this Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
     hereby (collectively, the "Company Proposals"), Purchaser and the Company
     will cooperate in the preparation of a registration statement on Form S-4
     (such registration statement, together with any and all amendments and
     supplements thereto, being herein referred to as the "Registration
     Statement"), including a prospectus/proxy statement satisfying all
     requirements of applicable state securities laws, the Securities Act and
     the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
     regulations thereunder (the "Securities Exchange Act").
Such
     prospectus/proxy statement in the form mailed by the Company to its
     shareholders, together with any and all amendments or supplements thereto,
     is herein referred to as the "Prospectus/Proxy Statement.
"

          (b)  The Company will furnish Purchaser with such information
     concerning the Company and its subsidiaries as is necessary in order to
     cause the Prospectus/Proxy Statement, insofar as it relates to the Company
     and its subsidiaries, to comply with applicable Law.
None of the
     information relating to the Company and its subsidiaries supplied by the
     Company for inclusion in the Prospectus/Proxy Statement will be false or
     misleading with respect to any material fact or will omit to state any
     material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
     the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
     made, not misleading.
The Company agrees promptly to advise Purchaser if,
     at any time prior to the meeting of the stockholders of the Company,
     referenced herein, any information provided by it in the Prospectus/Proxy
     Statement is or becomes incorrect or incomplete in any material respect and
     to provide Purchaser with the information needed to correct such inaccuracy
     or omission.
The Company will furnish Purchaser with such supplemental
     information as may be necessary in order to cause the Prospectus/Proxy
     Statement, insofar as it relates to the Company and its subsidiaries, to
     comply with applicable Law after the mailing thereof to the stockholders of
     the Company.

          (c)  
Purchaser will furnish the Company with such information
     concerning Purchaser and its subsidiaries as is necessary in order to cause
     the Prospectus/Proxy Statement, insofar as it relates to Purchaser and its
     subsidiaries, to comply with applicable Law.
None of the information
     relating to Purchaser and its subsidiaries supplied by Purchaser for
     inclusion in the Prospectus/Proxy Statement will be false or misleading
     with respect to any material fact or will omit to state any material fact
     required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
     therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
     misleading.
Purchaser agrees promptly to advise the Company if, at any time
     prior to the meeting of stockholders of the Company referenced herein, any
     information provided by it in the Prospectus/Proxy Statement is or becomes
     incorrect or incomplete
                                       A-8

     in any material respect and to provide the Company with the information
     needed to correct such inaccuracy or omission.
Purchaser will furnish the
     Company with such supplemental information as may be necessary in order to
     cause the Prospectus/Proxy Statement, insofar as it relates to Purchaser
     and its subsidiaries, to comply with applicable Law after the mailing
     thereof to the stockholders of the Company.

          
(d)  The Company and Purchaser agree to cooperate in making any
     preliminary filings of the Prospectus/Proxy Statement with the SEC, as
     promptly as practicable, under the Securities Exchange Act.

          
(e)  Purchaser will file the Registration Statement with the SEC and
     appropriate materials with applicable state securities agencies as promptly
     as practicable and will use all reasonable efforts to cause the
     Registration Statement to become effective under the Securities Act and all
     such state filed materials to comply with applicable state securities Laws.
     
Purchaser shall provide the Company for its review a copy of the
     Registration Statement at least such amount of time prior to each filing
     thereof as is customary in transactions of the type contemplated hereby.
     
The Company authorizes Purchaser to utilize in the Registration Statement
     and in all such state filed materials, the information concerning the
     Company and its subsidiaries provided to Purchaser in connection with, or
     contained in, the Prospectus/Proxy Statement.
Purchaser promptly will
     advise the Company when the Registration Statement has become effective,
     and of any supplements or amendments thereto, and Purchaser will furnish
     the Company with copies of all documents.
Except for the Prospectus/Proxy
     Statement or the preliminary prospectus/proxy statement, and except as
     otherwise required by law, neither Purchaser nor the Company shall
     distribute any written material that might constitute a "prospectus"
     relating to the Merger or the Company Proposals within the meaning of the
     Securities Act or any applicable state securities Law without the prior
     written consent of the other party.

          
(f)  Promptly after the execution of this Agreement, Purchaser shall
     prepare and file with the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. ("NYSE") a listing
     application covering the shares of Purchaser Stock issuable in the Merger
     and upon exercise of the Purchaser Replacement Options, and use its
     reasonable best efforts to obtain, prior to the Effective Time, approval or
     the listing of such shares of Purchaser Stock, subject only to official
     notice of issuance.

     
1.16  Tax-Free Reorganization.  
The parties intend that the Merger qualify
as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
None of
the parties will knowingly take any action that would cause the Merger to fail
to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     
1.17  Additional Actions.  
If, at any time after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall consider or be advised that any deeds, bills of
sale, assignments, assurances or any other actions or things are necessary or
desirable to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving
Corporation its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights,
properties or assets of the Company or otherwise carry out this Agreement, the
officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to
execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Company, all such deeds,
bills of sale, assignments and assurances and to take and do, in the name and on
behalf of the Company, all such other actions and things as may be necessary or
desirable to vest, perfect or confirm any and all right, title and interest in,
to and under such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation or
otherwise to carry out this Agreement.

                                   
ARTICLE 2

                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule from the Company to
Purchaser to be delivered upon the execution of this Agreement, which sets forth
certain disclosures concerning the Company and its business (the "Company
Disclosure Schedule"), the Company hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser
as follows:
                                       A-9

     2.1  Due Incorporation and Good Standing.  
The Company and each subsidiary
of the Company (the "Company Subsidiaries") is a corporation duly incorporated,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease
and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

The Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed
and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character
of the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the business
conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where
the failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would not
be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
For the purposes
of this Agreement, any reference to a state of facts, event, change or effect
having a "Company Material Adverse Effect" means such state of facts, event,
change or effect that (a) has had, or is reasonably likely to have, a material
adverse effect on the business, results of operation, prospects or financial
condition of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b)
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the legality,
binding nature or enforceability of this Agreement against the Company or to
prevent or substantially delay the consummation of the Merger; provided that the
following state of facts, events, changes and the effects thereof shall be
disregarded and shall in no event constitute a Company Material Adverse Effect:
(i) general business or economic conditions, (ii) conditions generally affecting
the industry in which the Company and the Company Subsidiaries compete, (iii)
the taking of any action contemplated by this Agreement, and (iv) the
announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement.
The
Company has heretofore made available to Purchaser accurate and complete copies
of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, as currently in effect, of the
Company.

     2.2  Capitalization.

          
(a)  
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the
     Company consists of 62,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 2,000,000
     shares are of a class designated as Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value per
     share and 60,000,000 shares are of a class designated as Company Stock.
As
     of February 16, 2001, 33,415,780 shares of Company Stock were issued and
     outstanding, including 66,438 unvested restricted Company Shares, that had
     been awarded by the Company under its Restricted Stock Plan.
No other
     shares of capital stock of the Company are issued and outstanding.
As of
     February 16, 2001, a total of 821,938 Company Shares (including no more
     than Company Options for 149,000 shares of Company Stock that have an
     exercise price of $4.35 or less) are reserved for future issuance to
     employees and directors upon exercise of any Company Options, warrants or
     other rights to purchase or acquire any shares of capital stock of the
     Company.
Since February 16, 2001, the Company has not issued or granted
     additional Company Options.

          (b)  
As of the Closing Date, the total number of shares of outstanding
     Company Shares, including shares issued upon the exercise of Company
     Options and Restricted Company Shares (whether vested or unvested), shall
     not exceed 33,602,218.

          (c)  All issued and outstanding shares of the Company Stock are, and
     all shares which may be issued upon exercise of then outstanding Company
     Options will be when issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
     and non-assessable.
Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, as
     of the date hereof there are no outstanding rights, subscriptions,
     warrants, puts, calls, unsatisfied preemptive rights, options or other
     agreements of any kind relating to any of the outstanding, authorized but
     unissued or unauthorized shares of capital stock or any other security of
     the Company, and there is no authorized or issued security of any kind
     convertible into or exchangeable, for any such capital stock or other
     security.

     2.3  Subsidiaries.  
Section 2.3 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth the name and jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of each Company
Subsidiary, each of which is wholly owned by the Company except as otherwise
indicated in said Section 2.3 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.
All of the
capital stock and other interests of the Company Subsidiaries so held by the
Company are owned by it or a Company Subsidiary as indicated in said Section 2.3
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, free and clear of any claim, lien,
encumbrance, security interest or agreement with respect

                                       A-10

thereto.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock in each of the Company
Subsidiaries directly or indirectly held by the Company are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and were issued free of preemptive
rights and in compliance with applicable Laws.
No equity securities or other
interests of any of the Company Subsidiaries are or may become required to be
issued or purchased by reason of any options, warrants, rights to subscribe to,
puts, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for, shares of any capital
stock of any Company Subsidiary, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which any Company Subsidiary is bound to issue
additional shares of its capital stock, or options, warrants or rights to
purchase or acquire any additional shares of its capital stock or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for such shares, in each case, except as
disclosed in Section 2.3 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

     2.4  Authorization; Binding Agreement.  
The Company has all requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including, but not limited to, the Merger, have been duly and validly authorized
by the Company's Board of Directors, and no other corporate proceedings on the
part of the Company or any Company Subsidiary are necessary to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby (other than the requisite approval of this Agreement and the
Merger by the stockholders of the Company in accordance with the GBCC).
This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and
constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that
enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors'
rights generally and by principles of equity regarding the availability of
remedies ("Enforceability Exceptions").

     2.5  Governmental Approvals.  
No consent, approval, waiver or authorization
of, notice to or declaration or filing with ("Consent"), any nation or
government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any entity,
authority or body exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including, without
limitation, any governmental or regulatory authority, agency, department, board,
commission, administration or instrumentality, any court, tribunal or arbitrator
or any self regulatory organization ("Governmental Authority") on the part of
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is required in connection with
the execution or delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby other than (i) the filing
of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia
in accordance with the GBCC, (ii) filings with the SEC, state securities laws
administrators and the American Stock Exchange, Inc., (iii) filings under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "HSR Act"), (iv) such filings as may
be required in any jurisdiction where the Company is qualified or authorized to
do business as a foreign corporation in order to maintain such qualification or
authorization, (v) notices under Michigan Compiled Laws Sect.
211.27a and
similar requirements of jurisdictions where the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries own or lease real property, (vi) those Consents required under any
foreign Law, and (vii) those Consents that, if they were not obtained or made,
would not be reasonably likely to cause the Company to incur liabilities or
obligations in excess of $250,000.

     
2.6  No Violations.  
Except as set forth in Section 2.6 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and compliance by the
Company with any of the provisions hereof will not (i) conflict with or result
in any breach of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or
other governing instruments of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries,
(ii) except as set forth on Section 2.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
require any Consent under or result in a violation or breach of, or constitute
(with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to
any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration) under any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any agreement or other instrument to which the
Company or any Company Subsidiaries are parties or by which their respective
assets are

                                       A-11

bound, (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien or encumbrance of
any kind upon any of the assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or (iv)
subject to obtaining the Consents from Governmental Authorities referred to in
Section 2.5 hereof, contravene any applicable provision of any statute, law,
rule or regulation or any order, decision, injunction, judgment, award or decree
("Law") to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary or its or any of their
respective assets or properties are subject, except in the case of clauses (ii),
(iii) and (iv) above, for any deviations from the foregoing which would not be
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     2.7  Securities Filings.  
The Company has made available to Purchaser true
and complete copies of (i) its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended
September 30, 2000 and September 30, 1999 as filed with the SEC, (ii) its proxy
statements relating to all of the meetings of stockholders (whether annual or
special) of the Company since September 30, 1999, as filed with the SEC, and
(iii) all other reports, statements and registration statements and amendments
thereto (including, without limitation, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
Current Reports on Form 8-K, as amended) filed by the Company with the SEC since
September 30, 1999.
Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company has timely filed (with extensions) with the SEC all forms,
reports, schedules, statements or other documents required to be filed by it
under the Securities Act or Exchange Act since September 30, 1997 (such
documents, as supplemented or amended since the time of filing, the "Company
Securities Filings").
Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, as of their respective dates, and as of the date of the
last amendment thereof, if amended after filing, none of the Company Securities
Filings contained or, as to the Company Securities Filings subsequent to the
date hereof, will contain, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
or, as to the Company Securities Filings subsequent to the date hereof, will
omit, to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.
Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, each of the Company Securities Filings at the time of
filing and as of the date of the last amendment thereof, if amended after
filing, complied or, as to the Company Securities Filings subsequent to the date
hereof, will comply in all material respects with the Securities Exchange Act or
the Securities Act, as applicable.

     
2.8  Company Financial Statements.  
The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited interim financial statements (including any related
notes and schedules) of the Company included in the Company Securities Filings
(the "Company Financial Statements") have been prepared or will be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis (except as may be indicated therein or in the notes thereto) and present
or will present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries as at the dates thereof and the results of
their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, in each case in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis, subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements, to
normal year-end audit adjustments, any other adjustments described therein and
the fact that certain information and notes have been condensed or omitted in
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act.

     
2.9  Absence of Certain Changes or Events; No Undisclosed
Liabilities.  
Except as set forth in Section 2.9 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, since September 30, 2000, through the date of this Agreement, there
has not been: (i) any event that has had or would reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any declaration, payment or setting
aside for payment of any dividend or other distribution or any redemption or
other acquisition of any shares of capital stock or securities of the Company by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary, (iii) any material damage or loss to any
material asset or property, whether or not covered by insurance, or (iv) any
change by the Company in accounting principles or practices.
Except as set forth
in Section 2.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since September 30, 2000,
through the date of this Agreement, there has not been any action taken by the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries that, if taken during the period from
the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, would constitute a breach
of Section 4.1.
Except as set forth in Section 2.9 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule and except for those liabilities that are reflected or reserved against
on the balance sheet of the Company included in its September 30, 2000

                                       A-12

Form 10-K, and liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business since
September 30, 2000, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has
incurred any liability of any nature required under generally accepted
accounting principles, applied on a consistent basis, to be reflected on a
balance sheet of the Company that, either individually or in the aggregate, has
had or would be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     
2.10  Compliance with Laws.  
To the knowledge of the Company, the
businesses of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have been operated in
compliance with all Laws applicable thereto, except for any instances of
non-compliance which, individually or in the aggregate, would not be reasonably
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     2.11  Permits.  
To the knowledge of the Company, (i) the Company and each
of the Company Subsidiaries have all permits, certificates, licenses, approvals
and other authorizations required in connection with the operation of their
respective businesses (collectively, "Company Permits"), (ii) neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is in material violation of any
Company Permit and (iii) no proceedings are pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened, to revoke or limit any Company Permit, except, in each
case, those the absence, violation or revocation of which would not be
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     
2.12  Litigation.  
Except as disclosed in Section 2.12 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there is no suit, action or proceeding ("Litigation")
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries, nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction,
rule or order of any Governmental Authority outstanding against the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries, in any case which, individually or in the
aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     
2.13  Material Contracts.  
Neither the Company nor any of the Company
Subsidiaries is a party to any material contract described in Rule 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K that was required to be filed as an exhibit to the Company's 2000
Form 10-K (or would be required to be filed as an exhibit to the Company's 2000
Form 10-K if it were being filed as of the date of this Agreement) ("Company
Material Contract"), except as filed as an exhibit to the Company's 2000 Form
10-K or as disclosed on Section 2.13 of the Company's Disclosure Schedule.
To
the knowledge of the Company, all Company Material Contracts are valid and
binding and are in full force and effect and enforceable against the Company or
such Company Subsidiary in accordance with their respective terms, subject to
the Enforceability Exceptions.
Neither the Company nor any of the Company
Subsidiaries is in violation or breach of or default under any Company Material
Contract where such violation or breach would be reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

     
2.14  Employee Benefit Plans.  
(a) Section 2.14 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule contains a complete list of all material written bonus, vacation,
deferred compensation, pension, retirement, profit-sharing, thrift, savings,
employee stock ownership, stock bonus, stock purchase, restricted stock and
stock option plans, employment or severance contracts, medical, dental,
disability, health and life insurance plans, and other employee benefit and
fringe benefit plans or other agreements maintained or contributed to by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries for the benefit of officers, former officers,
employees, former employees, directors, former directors, or the beneficiaries
of any of the foregoing, or pursuant to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries may have any liability (collectively, the "Company Compensation and
Benefit Plans") that are agreements with, or plans maintained primarily for the
benefit of, individuals employed or rendering services and are not multiemployer
plans within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA (as defined in Section
3.8(c))
(the "Company Compensation and Benefit Plans").

          (b)  The Company has used its reasonable best efforts to have provided
     or made available to Purchaser copies of all Company Compensation and
     Benefit Plans listed on Section 2.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
     (excluding, however, multiemployer plans within the meaning of Section
     4001(a)(3) of ERISA ("Multiemployer Plans") and Company Compensation and
     Benefit Plans which have been filed with or incorporated by reference into
     the Company's 1999 Form 10-K),
                                       A-13

     including, but not limited to, all amendments thereto, and all of such
     copies that have been delivered are true and correct.

          
(c)  
To the knowledge of the Company, each of the Company Compensation
     and Benefit Plans has been and is being administered in accordance with the
     terms thereof and all applicable Law except where the failure to do so does
     not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse
     Effect.
Each "employee pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section
     3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
     ("ERISA") (each such plan, a "Pension Plan") included in the Company
     Compensation and Benefit Plans (a "Company Pension Plan") which is intended
     to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable
     determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service, and the Company is
     not aware of any circumstances which could result in the revocation or
     denial of any such favorable determination letter.
To the knowledge of the
     Company, no material "prohibited transaction," within the meaning of
     Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA, has occurred with respect
     to any Company Compensation and Benefit Plan.
Except as disclosed in
     Section 2.12 of the Company's Disclosure Schedule, there is no pending or,
     to the Company's knowledge, threatened litigation relating to any of the
     Company Compensation and Benefit Plans.

          
(d)  
To the knowledge of the Company, no material liability under
     Title IV of ERISA has been or, to the knowledge of the Company, is
     reasonably expected to be incurred by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries or any entity which is considered one employer with the
     Company under Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code (any
     such entity, a "Company ERISA Affiliate"), other than such liabilities that
     have previously been satisfied.
To the knowledge of the Company, no notice
     of a "reportable event," within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, for
     which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived has been
     required to be filed for any Company Pension Plan or by any Company ERISA
     Affiliate within the past 12 months.

          
(e)  All contributions, premiums and payments required to be made
     under the terms of any Company Compensation and Benefit Plan have been
     made, except where the failure to do so does not, individually or in the
     aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the
     Company, neither any Company Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of a
     Company ERISA Affiliate has an "accumulated funding deficiency" (whether or
     not waived) within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of
     ERISA.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has provided, or is
     required to provide, security to any Company Pension Plan or to any
     single-employer plan of a Company ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section
     401(a)(29) of the Code.

          
(f)  No Company Pension Plan is a "defined benefit plan", within the
     meaning of ERISA.

          
(g)  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries contributes to or
     is required to contribute to any Multiemployer Plan.
Neither the Company
     nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any material withdrawal liability
     (within the meaning of Section 4201 of ERISA) under any Multiemployer Plan
     within the past 5 years that has not been satisfied, nor, to the knowledge
     of the Company, could any such material withdrawal liability reasonably be
     expected to be incurred.

          
(h)  
Except as set forth in the Company Compensation and Benefit Plans
     listed in Section 2.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or filed with or
     incorporated by reference into the Company's 2000 Form 10-K, the execution
     of, and performance of the transactions contemplated in, this Agreement
     will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or
     subsequent events) (i) constitute an event under any Company Compensation
     and Benefit Plan, trust or loan that will or may result in any payment
     (whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of
     indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to
     fund benefits with respect to any officers and directors of the Company or
     (ii) to the knowledge of the Company result in any payment or benefit that
     will or may be made by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, Purchaser or
     any of their respective affiliates that will be characterized as an "excess
     parachute payment," within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code.

                                       
A-14

          (i)  
To the knowledge of the Company, the contributions of the Company
     and any of its Subsidiaries to any trust described in Section 501(c)(9) of
     the Code have complied with Section 419A of the Code.

     2.15  Tangible Assets.  
The Company has good and marketable title to, or a
valid leasehold interest in, the properties and assets shown on the latest of
the Company Financial Statements as owned by it, except for properties and
assets disposed of in the ordinary course of business, free and clear of all
liens, claims and encumbrances except for Permitted Encumbrances, if any.
The
Company owns or leases pursuant to a Company Material Contract all buildings,
machinery, equipment and other tangible assets material to the conduct of its
business as presently conducted.
To the Company's knowledge, the tangible assets
are, in the aggregate, free from defects (patent and latent) other than defects
that do not individually or in the aggregate materially impair their value or
intended use, have been maintained in accordance with normal industry practice,
are in good operating condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear) and
are suitable for the purposes for which they presently are used, except where
failure to do so would not result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Section
2.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a schedule of such tangible
assets owned or leased by the Company that have a value in excess of $50,000.

     2.16  Taxes and Returns.  
(a) Except as set forth in Section 2.16 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each Company Subsidiary has timely
filed, or caused to be timely filed, all Tax Returns (as defined below) required
to be filed by it, and such returns are true, correct, and complete in all
material respects.
Except as set forth in Section 2.16 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company and each Company Subsidiary has paid, collected or
withheld, or caused to be paid, collected or withheld, all Taxes (as defined
below) required to be paid, collected or withheld, other than such Taxes for
which adequate reserves in the Company Financial Statements have been
established.
There are no material claims or assessments pending against the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries for any alleged deficiency in any
Tax, and the Company has not been notified in writing of any proposed Tax claims
or assessments against the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries (other
than, in each case, claims or assessments for which adequate reserves in the
Company Financial Statements have been established or which are being contested
in good faith or are immaterial in amount).
Neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries has any outstanding waivers or extensions of any applicable
statute of limitations to assess any material amount of Taxes.
There are no
outstanding requests by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries for any
extension of time within which to file any Tax Return or within which to pay any
Taxes shown to be due on any return.
There are no liens for material amounts of
Taxes on the assets of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries except for
statutory liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable.

          (b)  None of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has taken
     or agreed to take any action that would prevent the Merger from
     constituting a reorganization qualifying under the provisions of Section
     368(a) of the Code.

          
(c)  
Except as set forth in Section 2.16 of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation
     of the transactions contemplated hereby (either alone or in combination
     with another event) will not result in any payment (whether of severance
     pay, unemployment compensation, golden parachute, bonus or otherwise),
     acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase
     in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with respect to any employee or
     director of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.

          
(d)  None of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has been a
     member of any consolidated, combined, unitary or affiliated group of
     corporations for any Tax purposes other than a group of which the Company
     is or was the common parent corporation.

          
(e)  
As of the date of this Agreement, none of Company or any of the
     Company Subsidiaries is currently being audited by any taxing authority and
     none of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has been notified by
     any tax authority that any such audit is contemplated or pending.

                                       A-15

          (f)  The Company is not a United States real property holding
     corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.

          
(g)  The Company and each Company Subsidiary will not as a result of
     the transaction contemplated by this Agreement make or become obligated to
     make any parachute payment as defined in Section 280(G) of the Code.

          
(h)  
None of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has made an
     election under Section 341(f) of the Code.

          
(i)  
None of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party to or
     has any obligation under any tax allocation, tax sharing, tax indemnity or
     other similar agreement or arrangement.

          
(j)  The Company has not applied for or received a tax ruling from the
     Internal Revenue Service or any foreign, state or local taxing authority
     and has not entered into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of
     the Code or similar provision of foreign, state or local law, which closing
     agreement is still in effect.

          
(k)  Except as set forth in Section 2.16 of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule, none of the Company or Company Subsidiaries has either
     distributed stock of a controlled corporation pursuant to Section 355 of
     the Code or had its stock distributed by another corporation pursuant to
     Section 355 of the Code.

          
(l)  
Except as set forth in Section 2.16 of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule, no claim has been made or is expected to be made against or in
     respect of the Company or any Company Subsidiary by any Governmental
     Authority in a jurisdiction in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary
     does not file returns or pay or collect taxes in respect of a particular
     type of tax imposed by that jurisdiction that the Company or any Company
     Subsidiary is or may be subject to an obligation to file returns or collect
     or pay taxes in respect of such tax in that jurisdiction.

          (m)  True, correct and complete copies of all income franchise
     property payroll sales and use tax returns and forms filed by the Company
     and any Company Subsidiary for the last 3 years have been furnished to
     Purchaser.

          (n)  
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Tax" shall mean any
     tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of
     any kind whatsoever, imposed by any Governmental Authority (including, but
     not limited to, any federal, state, local, foreign or provincial income,
     gross receipts, property, sales, use, license, excise, franchise,
     employment, payroll, alternative or added minimum, ad valorem, transfer or
     excise tax) together with any interest, addition or penalty imposed
     thereon.
The term "Tax Return" shall mean a report, return or other
     information (including any attached schedules or any amendments to such
     report, return or other information) required to be supplied to or filed
     with a Governmental Authority with respect to any Tax, including an
     information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration or
     estimated Tax.

     
2.17  Certain Labor Matters.  
As of the date of this Agreement, the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries do not have any collective bargaining agreements
with any persons employed by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, nor
is the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries in the process of negotiating
any such agreement.
There is no labor strike, dispute or stoppage pending, or to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries.
None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries is the
subject of a proceeding asserting that it has committed an unfair labor practice
(within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act) or seeking to compel it
to bargain with any labor organization as to wages and conditions of employment
which proceeding has had or is reasonably likely to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the Company, no executive, key employee or
group of employees has any plans to terminate its or their employment with the
Company which termination would have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

     2.18  Finders and Investment Banker.  
Except as set forth in Section 2.18
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its officers
or directors has employed any broker or
                                       A-16

finder or otherwise incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions
or finders' fees in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

     
2.19  Fairness Opinion.  
The Company has received from McDonald
Investments, its financial advisor, a verbal opinion to the effect that the
consideration to be received in the Merger by the Company's shareholders is fair
to the Company's shareholders from a financial point of view.

     
2.20  Insurance.  
Section 2.20 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a true and complete list of all insurance policies carried by, or covering
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries with respect to their businesses,
assets and properties and with respect to which records are maintained at the
Company's principal executive offices, together with, in respect of each such
policy, the amount of coverage and the deductible.
The Company and the Company
Subsidiaries maintain insurance policies against all risk of a character,
including without limitation, business interruption insurance, and in such
amounts as the Company deems appropriate.
Each insurance policy set forth on
Section 2.20 of the Company Disclosure Schedule is in full force and effect and
all premiums due thereon have been paid in full.

     2.21  Vote Required; Ownership of Purchaser Capital Stock; State Takeover
Statutes.  
(a) The approval of the Company Proposals by a vote of a majority of
the holders of the issued and outstanding Company Shares is the only vote of the
holders of any class or series of the Company's capital stock necessary to
approve the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereunder.

          (b)  Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries
     beneficially owns, either directly or indirectly, any shares of Purchaser
     capital stock.

          (c)  The Company has taken all actions necessary under the GBCC to
     adopt and approve this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement except as required under Section 2.21(a).
     
Sections 14-2-1111 and 14-2-1132 of the GBCC applicable to a "business
     combination" do not (by reason of the Company's participation therein)
     apply to the Merger.
To the knowledge of the Company no other "fair price,"
     "moratorium," or other similar anti-takeover statute or regulation
     prohibits (by reason of Company's participation therein) the Merger or the
     other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     
2.22  Environmental Matters.  
To the knowledge of the Company and except as
otherwise disclosed in Section 2.22 of the Company Disclosure Schedule:

          (a) the Company has not, and no third party has, generated, treated,
     stored, released or disposed of, or otherwise placed, deposited in or
     located on real property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of
     the Company Subsidiaries (the "Company Real Property"), any toxic or
     hazardous substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (including,
     without limitations, asbestos, urea formaldehyde, the group of organic
     compounds known as polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum products including
     gasoline, fuel oil, crude oil and various constituents of such products,
     and any hazardous substance as defined in the Comprehensive Environmental
     Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 ("CERCLA"), 42 U.S.C.
     sec.sec.
9601-9657, as amended) (collectively, "Hazardous Substances") and
     no Hazardous Substances have been generated, treated, stored, released or
     disposed of, or otherwise placed, deposited in or located on the Company
     Real Property, nor has any activity been undertaken on the Company Real
     Property that would cause or contribute to (a) the Company Real Property
     becoming a treatment, storage or disposal facility in material violation
     of, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 ("RCRA"), 42 U.S.C.
     sec.sec.
6901 et seq., or any similar state law or local ordinance, (b) a
     release or threatened release of toxic or hazardous wastes or substances,
     pollutants or contaminants from the Company Real Property in violation of
     CERCLA or any similar state law or local ordinance, or (c) the discharge of
     pollutants or effluents into any water source or system, the dredging or
     filling of any waters or the discharge into the air of any emissions, for
     which the Company does not have all required permits under the Federal
     Water Act, 33 U.S.C. sec.sec.
1251 et seq., or the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.
     sec.sec.
7401 et seq., or any similar state law or local ordinance, in

                                       A-17

     each case except for any such noncompliance, violations, or failures as
     would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

          (b)  there are no substances or conditions in or on the Company Real
     Property that may support a claim or cause of action under RCRA, CERCLA or
     any other federal, state or local environmental statutes, regulations,
     ordinances or other environmental regulatory requirements, except for any
     such claims or causes of action as would not be reasonably likely to have a
     Company Material Adverse Effect; and

          (c)  there are no above ground or underground tanks that have been
     located under, in or about the Company Real Property which have been
     subsequently removed or filled and to the extent storage tanks exist on or
     under the Company Real Property, such storage tanks have been duly
     registered with all appropriate regulatory and governmental bodies and are
     otherwise in compliance with applicable federal, state and local statutes,
     regulations, ordinances and other regulatory requirements.

     
2.23  Real Property.  
(a) Except as set forth in Section 2.23 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule (the "Owned Real Property"), neither the Company nor
any Company Subsidiaries own any real property.
The Company and each of the
Company Subsidiaries have good and insurable title to all Owned Real Property.

Except as disclosed in Section 2.23 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the
knowledge of the Company, (i) the current use and operation of all Owned Real
Property is in compliance with all Laws (including and with limitation, laws
relating to parking, zoning and land use) and public and private covenants and
restrictions, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have received
notice of non-compliance of any Owned Real Property with any Laws and (ii) the
utilities, access and parking for each such item of Owned Real Property are
reasonably adequate for the current use and operation thereof, except, with
respect to this Section 2.23, in instances that, in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Except as
disclosed in Section 2.23 of the Company Disclosure Schedule hereto, the Company
does not have knowledge that there are any zoning, building code, occupancy
restriction or other land-use regulation proceedings or any proposed changes in
any Laws, which would materially and adversely affect the present use or
operation of any Owned Real Property, nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
received any notice of any special assessment proceedings affecting the Owned
Real Property, or applied for any change to the zoning or land use status of the
Owned Real Property.
Except, with respect to this Section 2.23, in instances
that, in the aggregate, would not be reasonably expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.
Except as disclosed in Section 2.23 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule hereto, to the knowledge of the Company, all water, sewer,
gas, electric, telephone and drainage facilities and all other utilities
required by all Laws or for the present use and operation of each item of Owned
Real Property are reasonably adequate to service such item of Owned Real
Property, as improved, and to permit compliance with all Laws in all material
respects and present usage of each Owned Real Property.
To the knowledge of the
Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have obtained all licenses, permits,
approvals, easements and rights of way (and all such items are currently in full
force and effect) required from any Governmental Authority or from private
parties for the present use and operation of such item of Owned Real Property.

          (b)  
Section 2.23 of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists and
     describes briefly all real property leased or subleased to the Company or
     the Company Subsidiaries.
The Company has made available to the Purchaser
     correct and complete copies of each such lease and sublease.
Except as set
     forth in Sections 2.23 and 2.26 of the Company Disclosure Schedule:

             (i)  to the knowledge of the Company, each such lease or sublease
        is legal, valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect
        subject to the Enforceability Exceptions;

             (ii)  the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will
        neither cause the termination of each such lease or sublease nor effect
        a change in any of its terms;

             (iii)  the Company is not, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no
        other party to such lease or sublease is, in breach or default, and no
        event has occurred which, with notice or lapse

                                       A-18

        of time, or both, would constitute a breach or default that would permit
        termination, modification or acceleration thereunder;

             (iv)  neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any
        other party to each such lease or sublease has repudiated or disputed
        any provision thereof;

             (v)  to the knowledge of the Company, there are no oral agreements
        in effect as to each such lease or sublease; and

             (vi)  the Company has not assigned, transferred, conveyed,
        mortgaged, deeded in trust or encumbered any interest in any leasehold
        or subleasehold except for Permitted Encumbrances, if any.
For the
        purposes of this Agreement, "Permitted Encumbrances" means and includes
        those items set forth on Section 2.23 of the Company Disclosure
        Schedule.

     2.24  Notes and Accounts Receivables.  
All notes and accounts receivable of
the Company are reflected properly on the Company's books and records, are not,
to the knowledge of the Company, subject to any setoff or counterclaim.

     2.25  Bank Accounts and Powers of Attorney.  
Section 2.25 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all accounts, borrowing resolutions and
deposit boxes maintained by the Company at any bank or other financial
institution and the names of the persons authorized to effect transactions in
such accounts and pursuant to such resolutions and with access to such boxes.

There are no outstanding powers of attorney executed on behalf of the Company.

     2.26  Guaranties.  
Except as disclosed in Section 2.26 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not a guarantor or otherwise is liable for
any indebtedness, liability or other obligation of any other person or entity.

     
2.27  Intellectual Property.  
Section 2.27 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth all of the following that are used in, useful, necessary,
incidental or pertain to or associated with the operation of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries: (i) all trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade
dress and the like, including all common law marks (collectively, together with
the associated goodwill of each, "Trademarks"), together with information
regarding all registrations and pending applications to register any such
rights; (ii) all patents on and pending application to patent any technology or
design; (iii) all copyrights and all registrations of and applications to
register copyrights; (iv) all licenses of rights in software (including all
source codes with respect to such software that are available to the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries), Trademarks, patents, copyrights and other
intellectual property, whether to or by the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries; and (v) all trade secrets (as defined in the Michigan Uniform
Trade Secret Act).
The rights of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
required to be so identified and used in, useful, necessary or pertaining to the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries herein collectively referred to as the
"Intellectual Property."
The Company and/or the Company Subsidiaries are the
owner of the Intellectual Property, and all such Intellectual Property exists
and has been maintained in good standing.
To the Company's knowledge, no other
firm, corporation, association or person claims the right to use in connection
with similar or closely related goods and in the same geographic area any mark
that is identical or confusingly similar to any of the Trademarks.
To the
Company's knowledge, no third party asserts ownership rights in any of the
Intellectual Property (except to the extent that such Intellectual Property has
been properly licensed to or by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries),
except to the extent the same would not reasonably be expected to cause a
Material Adverse IP Effect.
To the Company's knowledge, the Company's and the
Company Subsidiaries' use of the Intellectual Property does not infringe upon
any right of any third party and no third party is infringing any of the
Company's and the Company Subsidiaries' rights in any of the Intellectual
Property, except to the extent the same would not reasonably be expected to
cause a Material Adverse IP Effect.
To the Company's knowledge, and without
limitation of the foregoing, the Company and/or the Company Subsidiaries have
the legal right (including, but not limited to, site licenses, as applicable) to
use all copies of all computer software currently used by the Company and/or the
Company Subsidiaries, except to the extent the same would not reasonably be
expected to cause a Material Adverse IP Effect.
For

                                       A-19

purposes of this Section 2.27, a "Material Adverse IP Effect" means any claim
for infringement which results in a payment of damages or royalties to a
third-party in excess of $1,000,000, or a loss of revenues in excess of
$1,000,000.

     2.28  Investments.  
Except as disclosed in Section 2.28 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and as reflected on the Company Financial Statements,
neither the Company nor the Company Subsidiaries (a) own any equity or debt of
any other person, and (b) have any liabilities or obligations related to any
equity or debt ownership of any other person.

     
2.29  No Other Representations or Warranties.  
The Company acknowledges and
agrees that, in entering into this Agreement and in consummating the
transactions contemplated hereby:

          (i)  It has relied and will rely solely upon its own investigation and
     analysis and the representations and warranties contained in Article 3 of
     this Agreement (and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, not
     on any of the information learned or provided in connection with any
     presentation made by management or other Purchaser representatives,
     contained in any document provided to it, any projections or forecasts or
     otherwise).

          
(ii)  
None of the Purchaser nor any of the Purchaser representatives
     has made any statement, representation or warranty to the Company except
     for the representations and warranties made by the Purchaser as expressly
     set forth in Article 3 of this Agreement (including in any other document
     or any projections or forecasts).

                                   
ARTICLE 3

                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

     Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule from Purchaser to the
Company to be delivered upon the execution of this Agreement, which sets forth
certain disclosures concerning Purchaser and its business (the "Purchaser
Disclosure Schedule"), Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company
as follows:

     3.1  Due Incorporation and Good Standing.  
Each of Purchaser and each
subsidiary of the Purchaser (the "Purchaser Subsidiaries") is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its business as now being conducted.
Purchaser is duly qualified or
licensed and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the
character of the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except
where the failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would
not be reasonably likely to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.
For the
purposes of this Agreement, any reference to a state of facts, event, change or
effect having a "Purchaser Material Adverse Effect" means any such state of
facts, event, change or effect that (a) has had, or is reasonably likely to
have, a material adverse effect on the business, results of operation, prospects
or financial condition of the Purchaser and the Purchaser Subsidiaries taken as
a whole or (b) would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
the legality, binding nature or enforceability of this Agreement against the
Purchaser or to prevent or substantially delay the consummation of the Merger;
provided that the following state of facts, events, changes and the effects
thereof shall be disregarded and shall in no event constitute a Purchaser
Material Adverse Effect: (i) general business or economic conditions, (ii)
conditions generally affecting the industry in which the Purchaser competes,
(iii) the taking of any action contemplated by this Agreement, (iv) the
announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, and
(v) any acquisition and related financing of Purchaser.
Purchaser has heretofore
made available to the Company accurate and complete copies of the Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws, as currently in effect, of Purchaser.

     3.2  Capitalization.  
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock
of Purchaser consists of 103,000,000 shares of stock, of which 100,000,000
shares have been designated as Purchaser Stock and

                                       A-20

3,000,000 shares have been designated as Preferred Stock, no par value per
share.
As of March 6, 2001, 31,399,172 shares of Purchaser Stock were issued and
outstanding, no shares of Purchaser Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding.

No other shares of capital stock of Purchaser were issued or outstanding.
As of
December 31, 2000, a total of approximately 8,247,000 shares of Purchaser Stock
are reserved for future issuance to employees and directors upon exercise of any
options, warrants or other rights to purchase or acquire any shares of capital
stock of the Purchaser (including restricted stock, stock equivalents and stock
units) ("Purchaser Options").
As of December 31, 2000, there were 6,147,000
Purchaser Options outstanding.
Except as set forth in Section 3.2 of the
Purchaser Disclosure Schedule and as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement,
as of the date hereof there are no outstanding rights, subscriptions, warrants,
puts, calls, unsatisfied preemptive rights, options or other agreements of any
kind relating to any of the outstanding, authorized but unissued or unauthorized
shares of capital stock or any other security of the Purchaser, and there is no
authorized or issued security of any kind convertible into or exchangeable, for
any such capital stock or other security.
All issued and outstanding shares of
Purchaser Stock are, and all shares of Purchaser Stock to be issued to Company
stockholders in connection with the Merger will upon issuance be, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

     
3.3  Authorization; Binding Agreement.  
Purchaser has all requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including, but not limited to, the Merger, have been duly and validly authorized
by the Board of Directors of Purchaser, and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of Purchaser are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Purchaser and
constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of Purchaser, enforceable
against Purchaser in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability
Exceptions.

     
3.4  Governmental Approvals.  
No Consent from or with any Governmental
Authority on the part of Purchaser is required in connection with the execution
or delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement or the consummation by Purchaser of
the transactions contemplated hereby other than (i) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in
accordance with the DGCL; (ii) filings with the SEC, state securities laws
administrators and the NYSE; (iii) filings under the HSR Act; (iv) such filings
as may be required in any jurisdiction where Purchaser is qualified or
authorized to do business as a foreign corporation in order to maintain such
qualification or authorization; (v) those Consents required under any foreign
Law; and (vi) those Consents that, if they were not obtained or made, would not
be reasonably likely to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.

     
3.5  No Violations.  
Except as set forth in Section 3.5 of the Purchaser
Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and compliance by Purchaser
with any of the provisions hereof will not (i) conflict with or result in any
breach of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or other
governing instruments of Purchaser, (ii) require any Consent under or result in
a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of
time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation
or acceleration) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
agreement or other instrument to which Purchaser is a party or by which its
assets are bound, (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien or
encumbrance of any kind upon any of the assets of Purchaser or (iv) subject to
obtaining the Consents from Governmental Authorities referred to in Section 3.4
hereof, contravene any Law to which Purchaser or its or any of its assets or
properties are subject, except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv)
above, for any deviations from the foregoing which would not be reasonably
likely to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.

     3.6  Securities Filings.  
Purchaser has made available to the Company true
and complete copies of (i) its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 1999, as filed with the SEC, (ii) its proxy statements relating to
all of the meetings of stockholders (whether annual or special) of Purchaser
since December 31, 1999, as filed with the SEC, and (iii) all other reports,
statements and registration statements and amendments thereto (including,
without limitation, Quarterly Reports on
                                       A-21

Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as amended) filed by Purchaser with
the SEC since December 31, 1999.
The reports and statements set forth in clauses
(i) through (iii) above, and those subsequently provided or required to be
provided pursuant to this Section 3.6, are referred to collectively herein as
the "Purchaser Securities Filings."
The Purchaser has timely filed with the SEC
all of the Purchaser Securities Filings that have been filed prior to the date
hereof.
As of their respective dates, or as of the date of the last amendment
thereof, if amended after filing, none of the Purchaser Securities Filings
contained or, as to Purchaser Securities Filings subsequent to the date hereof,
will contain, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or, as to
Purchaser Securities Filings subsequent to the date hereof, will omit, to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.
Each of the Purchaser Securities Filings at the time of filing
or as of the date of the last amendment thereof, if amended after filing,
complied or, as to Purchaser Securities Filings subsequent to the date hereof,
will comply in all material respects with the Securities Exchange Act or the
Securities Act, as applicable.

     
3.7  Finders and Investment Bankers.  
Neither Purchaser nor any of its
officers or directors has employed any broker or finder or otherwise incurred
any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or finders' fees in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby.

     3.8  Vote Required; Ownership of Company Capital Stock; State Takeover
Statutes.  
(a) The adoption and approval of this Agreement, the Merger and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the Board of Directors of
Purchaser is the only corporate action necessary to approve the Merger and the
transactions contemplated hereunder.
No vote of any holder of any class or
series of the Purchaser's capital stock is necessary to approve this Agreement,
the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereunder.

          
(b)  Neither the Purchaser nor any of the Purchaser Subsidiaries
     beneficially owns, either directly or indirectly, any shares of Company
     capital stock.

          
(c)  
Purchaser has taken all actions necessary under the GBCC and the
     DGCL to adopt and approve this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement.
Immediately prior to the execution of this
     Agreement, Purchaser was not an "interested shareholder", as defined in
     Section 14-2-1110(11) of the GBCC with respect to the Merger.
To the
     knowledge of the Purchaser, no other "fair price," moratorium," or other
     similar anti-takeover statute or regulation prohibits (by reason of the
     Purchaser's participation therein) the Merger or the other transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement.

     
3.9  Purchaser Financial Statements.  
The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited interim financial statements (including any related
notes and schedules) of Purchaser included or incorporated by reference in the
Purchaser Securities Filings (the "Purchaser Financial Statements") have been
prepared or will be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated therein or
in the notes thereto) and present or will present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Purchaser and the Purchaser Subsidiaries as
at the dates thereof and the results of their operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended, in each case in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis, subject, in the case of the
unaudited interim financial statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments,
any other adjustments described therein and the fact that certain information
and notes have been condensed or omitted in accordance with the Securities
Exchange Act.

     
3.10  Absence of Certain Changes or Events; No Undisclosed
Liabilities.  
Except as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Purchaser Disclosure
Schedule, since December 31, 2000, through the date of this Agreement, there has
not been (i) any event that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
Purchaser Material Adverse Effect or (ii) any declaration, payment or setting
aside for payment any dividend or other distribution or redemption or other
acquisition of any shares of capital stock of Purchaser by Purchaser.

                                       A-22

     3.11  Compliance with Laws.  
To the knowledge of Purchaser, the businesses
of Purchaser and the Purchaser Subsidiaries have been operated in compliance
with all Laws applicable thereto, except for any instances of non-compliance
which would not be reasonably likely to have a Purchaser Material Adverse
Effect.

     3.12  Financing.  
Purchaser has sufficient funds and/or commitments for
financing available and/or commitments for financing to pay (a) the aggregate
Cash Consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares to be paid in the
Merger and (b) to repay the indebtedness of the Company to be repaid at the
Closing pursuant to Section 5.11.
No funds or other assets of the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries will be used to fund any portion of the Merger
Consideration.
Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the Purchase Disclosure
Schedule, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries will not guarantee any
financing for any portion of the Merger Consideration nor will any liens or
encumbrances be imposed on any of the assets of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries in support of or to secure any such financing.
Copies of
the financing commitments have been furnished to the Company.

     3.13  Tax-Free Reorganization.  
None of the Purchaser, or any of the
Purchaser Subsidiaries has taken or agreed to take any action that would prevent
the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under the provisions of
Section 368(a) of the Code.

     
3.14  No Other Representations or Warranties.  
Purchaser acknowledges and
agrees that, in entering into this Agreement and in consummating the
transactions contemplated hereby:

          (i)  It has relied and will rely solely upon its own investigation and
     analysis and the representations and warranties contained in Article 2 of
     this Agreement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it has
     not and will not rely on any of the information learned or provided in
     connection with any presentation made by management or other Company
     Representatives, contained in any document provided to it, any projections
     or forecasts or otherwise, including but not limited to, the undated
     Confidential Memorandum received from the Company's financial advisor (the
     "Confidential Memorandum").

          (ii)  
None of the Company nor any of the Company representatives has
     made any statement, representation or warranty (including in the
     Confidential Memorandum or in any other document or any projections or
     forecasts) except for the representations and warranties made by the
     Company as expressly set forth in Article 2 of this Agreement.

                                   
ARTICLE 4

                      ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

     The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

     4.1  Conduct of Business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries.  
(a)
Unless Purchaser shall otherwise agree in writing and except as expressly
contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Section 4.1 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule (the inclusion of any item having been consented to by
Purchaser), during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, (i) the Company shall conduct, and it shall cause each of the Company
Subsidiaries to conduct, its or their businesses in the ordinary course, and the
Company shall, and it shall cause each of the Company Subsidiaries to, use its
or their commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business
organization, to keep available the services of its officers and key employees,
and to maintain satisfactory relationships with all persons with whom it does
business, and (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary will:

             (A)  amend or propose to amend its Articles of Incorporation or
        Bylaws (or comparable governing instruments);

             (B)  authorize for issuance, issue, grant, sell, pledge or dispose
        of any shares of, or any options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions
        or rights of any kind to acquire or sell any shares

                                       A-23

        of, the capital stock or other equity securities of the Company or any
        Company Subsidiary including, but not limited to, any securities
        convertible into or exchangeable for shares of stock of any class of the
        Company or any Company Subsidiary, except for the issuance of Company
        Shares pursuant to the exercise of Company Options outstanding on the
        date of this Agreement in accordance with their present terms;

             (C)  split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock
        or declare, pay or set aside any dividend or other distribution (whether
        in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its
        capital stock, other than dividends or distributions to the Company or
        any Company Subsidiary, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or
        otherwise acquire or offer to acquire any shares of its capital stock or
        other securities and other than pursuant to commitments outstanding on
        the date of this Agreement in accordance with their present terms as set
        forth on Schedule 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule;

             (D)  (i) create, incur, assume, forgive or make any changes to the
        terms or collateral of any debt for borrowed money, except incurrences
        that constitute refinancing of existing obligations on terms that are no
        less favorable to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries than the
        existing terms; (ii) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become
        liable or responsible (whether directly, indirectly, contingently or
        otherwise) for the obligations of any person other than in the ordinary
        course of business; (iii) make any capital expenditures other than as
        set forth in Section 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule; (iv) make
        any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any
        other person (other than to a Company Subsidiary and customary travel,
        relocation or business advances to employees); (v) acquire the stock or
        assets of, or (subject to Section 7.1) merge or consolidate with, any
        other person; (vi) voluntarily incur any material liability or
        obligation (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) other than in
        the ordinary course of business; or (vii) sell, transfer, mortgage,
        pledge, or otherwise dispose of, or encumber, or agree to sell,
        transfer, mortgage, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber, any
        assets or properties, real, personal or mixed material to the Company
        and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole other than to secure debt
        permitted under subclause (i) of this clause (D) or other than in the
        ordinary course of business;

             (E)  increase in any manner the wages, salaries, bonus,
        compensation or other benefits of any of its officers or employees or
        enter into, establish, amend or terminate any employment, consulting,
        retention, change in control, collective bargaining, bonus or other
        incentive compensation, profit sharing, health or other welfare, stock
        option or other equity, pension, retirement, vacation, severance,
        termination, deferred compensation or other compensation or benefit
        plan, policy, agreement, trust, fund or arrangement with, for or in
        respect of, any shareholder, officer, director, other employee, agent,
        consultant or affiliate other than as required pursuant to the terms of
        agreements in effect on the date of this Agreement, or enter into or
        engage in any agreement, arrangement or transaction with any of its
        directors, officers, employees or affiliates;

             (F)  (i) commence or settle any litigation or other proceedings
        with any Governmental Authority or other person, or (ii) make or rescind
        any election relating to Taxes, settle any claim, action, suit,
        litigation, proceeding, arbitration, investigation, audit or controversy
        relating to Taxes, change any method of accounting or make any other
        material change in its accounting or Tax policies or procedures;

             (G)  knowingly commit or omit to do any act, which act or omission
        causes a breach of any covenant contained in this Agreement or is
        intended to cause any representation or warranty contained in this
        Agreement to become untrue in a material respect, as if each such
        representation and warranty were continuously made from and after the
        date hereof;

             (H)  fail to maintain its books, accounts and records in the usual
        manner on a basis consistent with that heretofore employed;

                                       A-24

             (I)  enter into any new line of business;

             (J)  enter into any lease, contract or agreement pursuant to which
        the Company is obligated to pay or incur obligations of more than
        $100,000 per year, other than the purchase of inventory in the ordinary
        course of business;

             (K)  allow Company Debt to increase above $21,392,928.
"Company
        Debt" means the aggregate amount of obligations of the Company and its
        Subsidiaries as set forth on the attached Schedule 4.1(K);

             (L)  allow the increase, if any, in Revolving Debt, from September
        30, 2000, to be greater than the increase, if any, in Working Capital
        from September 30, 2000.
"Revolving Debt" means the annual daily average
        loan balance under the Company's revolving credit facility, as set forth
        on Schedule 4.1(L).
"Working Capital" means the Company's current assets
        less its current liabilities, as reflected on the Company Financial
        Statements; or

             (M)  authorize any of, or agree to commit to do any of, the
        foregoing actions.

          (b)  The Company shall, and the Company shall cause each of the
     Company Subsidiaries to, use its or their reasonable efforts to comply in
     all material respects with all Laws applicable to it or any of its
     properties, assets or business and maintain in full force and effect all
     the Company Permits necessary for, or otherwise material to, such business.

     
4.2  Notification of Certain Matters.  
The Company shall give prompt notice
to Purchaser if any of the following occur after the date of this Agreement: (i)
receipt of any written notice from any third party alleging that the Consent of
such third party is or may be required in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, provided that such Consent would have been
required to have been disclosed in this Agreement; (ii) receipt of any material
written notice from any Governmental Authority (including, but not limited to,
American Stock Exchange, Inc. ("AMEX") or any securities exchange) in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iii) the occurrence of an
event which would be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect
or which the Company believes would or would be reasonably likely to cause or
constitute a material breach of any of its representations, warranties or
covenants contained herein; or (iv) the commencement or threat of any Litigation
involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary which, if pending on the date
hereof, would have been required to have been disclosed in this Agreement or
which relates to the consummation of the Merger.

     
4.3  Access and Information.  
Between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time, the Company will give, and shall direct its accountants and
legal counsel to give, Purchaser and its respective authorized representatives
(including, without limitation, its financial advisors, accountants and legal
counsel), at all reasonable times, access as reasonably requested to all offices
and other facilities and to all contracts, agreements, commitments, books and
records of or pertaining to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, will
permit the foregoing to make such reasonable inspections as they may require and
will cause its officers to furnish Purchaser with (a) such financial and
operating data and other information with respect to the business and properties
of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as Purchaser may from time to time
reasonably request, and (b) a copy of each material report, schedule and other
document filed or received by the Company or any Company Subsidiary pursuant to
the requirements of applicable securities laws or AMEX.

     
4.4  Shareholder Approval.  
As soon as practicable after the registration
statement has been declared effective, the Company shall call, give notice of,
convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders for the purpose of approving the
Company Proposals and for such other purposes as may be necessary or desirable
in connection with effectuating the transactions contemplated hereby.
Except as
otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, the Company will use reasonable
efforts to obtain any necessary approval by the Company's shareholders of the
Company Proposals.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Board of Directors of
the Company determines that to do so would result in a breach of the fiduciary
duties of the Company's Board of Directors under applicable law, the Company,
acting through its Board of Directors,

                                       A-25

may refuse to call, give notice, convene and/or hold such a meeting of its
shareholders for such purpose and/or may adjourn or terminate any such meeting
previously called.

     
4.5  Reasonable Best Efforts.  
Subject to the terms and conditions herein
provided, the Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective as promptly as
practicable the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including, but not limited to, (i) obtaining all Consents from
Governmental Authorities and other third parties required for the consummation
of the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) timely making
all necessary filings under the HSR Act.
Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof, the Company agrees to use reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary to satisfy the other conditions to Closing set forth herein.

     4.6  Public Announcements.  
So long as this Agreement is in effect, the
Company shall not, and shall cause its affiliates not to, (a) issue or cause the
publication of any press release or any other announcement or communication with
respect to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby without the
written consent of Purchaser, or (b) discuss with the press or the media this
Agreement, the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby (and will refer
any and all questions and inquiries to Purchaser), except in any case under (a)
or (b) where such release or announcement is required by applicable Law or
pursuant to any applicable listing agreement with, or rules or regulations of,
AMEX, in which case the Company, prior to making such announcement, will consult
with Purchaser regarding the same.

     
4.7  Compliance.  
In consummating the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, the Company shall comply in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Exchange Act and shall comply, and/or cause the
Company Subsidiaries to comply or to be in compliance, in all material respects,
with all other applicable Laws.

     4.8  Tax Opinion Certificate.  
The Company shall execute and deliver a
certificate, in form reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser dated on or about the
date that is two business days prior to the date the Prospectus/Proxy Statement
is mailed and again dated as of the Closing Date (the "Company Tax Opinion
Certificate") signed by an officer of the Company setting forth factual
representations and covenants that will serve as a basis for the tax opinions
required pursuant to Section 6.2(d) and Section 6.3(d) of this Agreement.

     
4.9  Other Tax-related Certificates.  
The Company shall provide such
certificates as may be required so that no withholding of taxes is required
pursuant to Section 1445 of the Code.

     4.10  SEC and Shareholder Filings.  
The Company shall send to Purchaser a
copy of all material public reports and materials as and when it sends the same
to its shareholders, the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission.

     4.11  Accountant's Comfort Letter.  
The Company shall use reasonable
efforts to cause to be delivered to the Purchaser a letter from its independent
accountant, dated a date within two business days before the effective date of
the Registration Statement, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser
and customary in scope for comfort letters delivered by independent accountants
in connection with registration statements on Form S-4 under the Securities Act.

                                   
ARTICLE 5

                       ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF PURCHASER

     Purchaser covenants and agrees as follows:

     5.1  Access and Information.  
Between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time, Purchaser will give, and shall direct its accountants and legal
counsel to give, the Company and its authorized representatives (including,
without limitation, its financial advisors, accountants and legal

                                       A-26

counsel), at all reasonable times upon reasonable prior notice by the Company,
access as reasonably requested to all contracts, agreements, commitments, books
and records of or pertaining to Purchaser and the Purchaser Subsidiaries, will
permit the foregoing to make such reasonable inspections as they may require and
will cause its officers promptly to furnish the Company with (a) such financial
and operating data and other information with respect to the business and
properties of Purchaser and its subsidiaries as the Company
may from time to
time reasonably request and (b) a copy of each material report, schedule and
other document filed or received by Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries
pursuant to the requirements of applicable securities laws or the NYSE, all only
to the extent reasonably required by the Company to facilitate and consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     
5.2  Notification of Certain Matters.  
Purchaser shall give prompt notice
to the Company if any of the following occur after the date of this Agreement:
(i) receipt of any notice or other communication in writing from any third party
alleging that the Consent of such third party is or may be required in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, provided that
such Consent would have been required to have been disclosed in this Agreement;
(ii) receipt of any material notice or other communication from any Governmental
Authority (including, but not limited to, the NYSE or any securities exchange)
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iii) the
occurrence of an event which would be reasonably likely to have a Purchaser
Material Adverse Effect or (iv) the commencement or threat of any Litigation
involving or affecting Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their
respective properties or assets, or, to its knowledge, any employee, agent,
director or officer, in his or her capacity as such, of Purchaser or any of its
subsidiaries which, if pending on the date hereof, would have been required to
have been disclosed in this Agreement or which relates to the consummation of
the Merger.

     
5.3  [Reserved.]

     5.4  Reasonable Best Efforts.  
Subject to the terms and conditions herein
provided, Purchaser agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause
to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including,
but not limited to, (i) obtaining all Consents from Governmental Authorities and
other third parties required for the consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) timely making all necessary filings
under the HSR Act.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof,
Purchaser agrees to use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to satisfy the
other conditions to Closing set forth herein.

     5.5  Public Announcements.  
So long as this Agreement is in effect, the
Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its affiliates not to, (a) issue or cause
the publication of any press release or any other announcement or communication
with respect to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby without
the written consent of the Company, or (b) discuss with the press or the media
this Agreement, the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby (and will
refer any and all questions and inquiries to Purchaser), except in any case
under (a) or (b) where such release or announcement is required by applicable
Law or pursuant to any applicable listing agreement with, or rules or
regulations of, NYSE, in which case the Purchaser, prior to making such
announcement, will consult with the Company regarding the same.

     5.6  Compliance.  
In consummating the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, Purchaser shall comply in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Exchange Act and the Securities Act and shall
comply, and/or cause its subsidiaries to comply or to be in compliance, in all
material respects, with all applicable Laws.

     5.7  SEC and Shareholder Filings.  
Purchaser shall send to the Company a
copy of all material public reports and materials as and when it sends the same
to its shareholders, the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission.

                                       
A-27

     5.8  Tax Opinion Certificate.  
Purchaser shall execute and deliver a
certificate, in form reasonably satisfactory to Company dated on or about the
date that is two business days prior to the date the Prospectus/Proxy Statement
is mailed and again dated as of the Closing Date (the "Purchaser Tax Opinion
Certificate"), signed by an officer of Purchaser setting forth factual
representations and covenants that will serve as a basis for the tax opinions
required pursuant to Section 6.2(d) and Section 6.3(d) of this Agreement.

     5.9  Indemnification and Insurance.  
(a) As of the Effective Time, the
indemnification and exculpation provisions contained in the Bylaws and the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be at least as
favorable to individuals who immediately prior to the Closing Date were
directors, officers, agents or employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries or
otherwise entitled to indemnification under the Company's or its Subsidiaries'
Bylaws or Articles of Incorporation as those contained in the Bylaws and the
Articles of Incorporation of the Company or its Subsidiaries, respectively, and
shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six years
after the Closing Date in any manner that would adversely affect the rights
thereunder of any Indemnified Party.
The Company hereby covenants that it shall,
to the fullest extent permitted under Georgia law and regardless of whether the
Merger becomes effective, indemnify, defend and hold harmless, and after the
Effective Time, Purchaser shall, to the fullest extent permitted under
applicable law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless, each of the individuals who
are, or at any time have been, an officer, director, employee or agent of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries (but excluding Advanced Animations,
Inc.), or otherwise entitled to indemnification under the Company's or Company
Subsidiary's (but excluding Advanced Animations, Inc.), articles of
incorporation or bylaws (each, an "Indemnified Party"), against any costs or
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), judgments, fines, losses,
claims, damages, liabilities and amounts paid in settlement in connection with
any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, including, without
limitation, liabilities arising out of this Agreement or under the Securities
Exchange Act, occurring through the Closing Date, and in the event of any such
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether arising before or
after the Effective Time), (i) the Company or Purchaser shall pay the reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel selected by the Indemnified Parties, which counsel
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company or the Surviving Corporation,
promptly as statements therefor are received, and (ii) the Company and the
Surviving Corporation will cooperate in the defense of any such matter;
provided, however, that neither the Company nor the Surviving Corporation shall
be obliged pursuant to this Section 5.9 to pay the fees and disbursements of
more than one counsel for all Indemnified Parties in any single action except to
the extent that, in the opinion of counsel for the Indemnified Parties, two or
more of such Indemnified Parties have conflicting interests in the outcome of
such action.
Purchaser shall reimburse all expenses, including reasonable
attorney's fees and expenses, incurred by any person to enforce the obligations
of Purchaser under this Section 5.9.
To the fullest extent permitted by Law,
Purchaser shall advance expenses.

          
(b)  
If the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns
     (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the
     continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
     merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and
     assets to any person, then and in each such case, proper provision shall be
     made so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation assume
     the obligations set forth in this Section 5.9.

          (c)  
Purchaser shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain and
     maintain in effect for six years from the Effective Time, the Company's
     current directors' and officers' liability insurance covering those persons
     who are currently covered by the Company's directors' and officers'
     liability insurance policy (a copy of which has heretofore been delivered
     to Purchaser); provided, however, that in no event shall Purchaser be
     required to expend in any year an amount in excess of 300% of the annual
     premiums currently paid by the Company for such insurance, and, provided,
     further, that if the annual premiums of such insurance coverage exceed such
     amounts, Purchaser shall obtain a policy with the greatest coverage
     available for a cost not exceeding such amount.

                                       
A-28

     5.10  Repayment of Certain Company Indebtedness.  
At the Closing, Purchaser
shall repay in full the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the
indebtedness of the Company described in Section 5.10 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.

     
5.11  Refinancing.  
Purchaser shall refinance and replace the indebtedness
of the Company identified in Section 5.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that all such indebtedness must be refinanced
and replaced as a result of the Merger, unless other accommodations are made
with respect thereto between Purchaser and the lender thereunder.

                                   
ARTICLE 6

                                   CONDITIONS

     6.1  Conditions to Each Party's Obligations.  
The respective obligations of
each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the fulfillment or waiver at
or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

          (a)  Shareholder Approval.  
The Company Proposals shall have been
     approved at or prior to the Effective Time by the requisite vote of the
     shareholders of the Company required under the GBCC.

          
(b)  No Injunction or Action.  
No order, statute, rule, regulation,
     executive order, stay, decree, judgment or injunction shall have been
     enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any court or other
     Governmental Authority since the date of this Agreement which prohibits or
     prevents the consummation of the Merger which has not been vacated,
     dismissed or withdrawn prior to the Effective Time.
The Company and
     Purchaser shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to have any of
     the foregoing vacated, dismissed or withdrawn by the Effective Time.

          (c)  HSR Act.  
Any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the
     HSR Act shall have expired or early termination thereof shall have been
     granted.

          
(d)  Registration Statement.  
The Registration Statement shall have
     been declared effective and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of
     the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no action, suit,
     proceeding or investigation for that purpose shall have been initiated or
     threatened by any Governmental Authority.

          
(e)  Blue Sky.  
Purchaser shall have received all state securities law
     authorizations necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated
     hereby.

          
(f)  Listing of Purchaser Stock.  
The shares of Purchaser Stock
     comprising the Merger Consideration shall have been approved for listing on
     the NYSE, subject only to official notice of issuance.

          
(g)  Governmental Approval.  
All Consents of any Governmental
     Authority required for the consummation of the Merger and the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained, except those
     Consents the failure of which to obtain will not be reasonably likely to
     have a Company Material Adverse Effect or a Purchaser Material Advise
     Effect.

     
6.2  Conditions to Obligations of the Company.  
The obligation of the
Company to effect the Merger shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to
the Effective Time of the following additional conditions, any one or more of
which may be waived by the Company:

          (a)  Purchaser Representations and Warranties.  
The representations
     and warranties of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
     correct in all material respects as of date hereof and as of the Closing
     Date as if made on and as of the Closing Date, except those representations
     and warranties that speak of an earlier date, which shall be true and
     correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (it being
     understood that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such
     representations and warranties, any update of or modification to the
     Purchaser Disclosure Schedule

                                       A-29

     made or purported to have been made after the date of this Agreement shall
     be disregarded).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
     Agreement, this Section 6.2(a) will be deemed to have been satisfied even
     if such representations or warranties are not true and correct in all
     material respects unless the failure of any of the representations or
     warranties to be so true and correct shall have had, or shall be reasonably
     likely to have, a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.

          
(b)  Performance by Purchaser.  
Purchaser shall have performed and
     complied with all the covenants and agreements in all material respects and
     satisfied in all material respects all the conditions required by this
     Agreement to be performed or complied with or satisfied by Purchaser at or
     prior to the Effective Time.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
     this Agreement, this Section 6.2(b) will be deemed to have been satisfied
     even if Purchaser has not performed or complied with all agreements,
     covenants and obligations required by this Agreement to be so performed or
     complied with unless the failure to perform or comply with such agreements,
     obligations and covenants shall have had, or shall be reasonably likely to
     have, a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.

          
(c)  Certificates and Other Deliveries.  
Purchaser shall have
     delivered, or caused to be delivered, to the Company: (i) a certificate
     executed on its behalf by its President or another authorized officer to
     the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.2(a) and (b) hereof
     have been satisfied; (ii) a certificate of good standing from the Secretary
     of State of the State of Delaware stating that Purchaser is a validly
     existing corporation in good standing; (iii) duly adopted resolutions of
     the Board of Directors of Purchaser adopting and approving the Merger and
     adopting and approving the execution, delivery and performance of this
     Agreement and the instruments contemplated hereby, each certified by its
     Secretary; (iv) a true and complete copy of the Certificate of
     Incorporation of the Purchaser certified by the Secretary of State of
     Delaware and a true and complete copy of the Bylaws of the Purchaser
     certified by the Secretary of Purchaser; (v) the duly executed Purchaser
     Tax Opinion Certificate and the Purchaser's Tax Opinion.

          (d)  Tax Opinion.  
The Company shall have received an opinion from its
     tax counsel dated on or about the date that is two business days prior to
     the date the Prospectus/Proxy Statement is first mailed to stockholders of
     the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit 6.2(d) attached hereto,
     which opinion shall not have been withdrawn or modified in any material
     respect, and again dated as of the Closing Date.
For purposes of rendering
     its opinion, the Company's tax counsel may rely on the statements and
     representations set forth in the Company Tax Opinion Certificate and the
     Purchaser Tax Opinion Certificate, without regard to any qualification as
     to knowledge and belief.

          
(e)  Payment of Certain Indebtedness.  