URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1123337/000095017001000120/0000950170-01-000120.txt

Background of the Merger

         During the last several years, Mediconsult has held conversations with
a number of companies to evaluate possible business combinations or strategic
alliances.
In the third quarter of 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors
began considering alternatives to maximize shareholder value and raise
additional capital.

         
Mediconsult's advisors contacted a number of companies that they and
Mediconsult had identified as candidates for a possible business combination or
strategic alliance with Mediconsult.
In the last week of August, 2000, Robert A.
Jennings, the then Chairman of Mediconsult, received an indication of interest
from a third party regarding a possible strategic transaction or business
combination between the two companies.

         
Beginning the first week in September 2000, Ian Sutcliffe, Chief
Executive Officer of Mediconsult, and E. Michael Ingram, Chief Financial Officer
of Mediconsult, had several telephone conversations with the senior management
of the third party who had expressed an interest in Mediconsult to explore the
possibility of a strategic transaction between the companies.

         
An initial meeting with senior management of this third party was held
on Monday, September 18, 2000, to discuss potential terms for a transaction
between the two companies.
Meetings between the two parties continued through
the balance of September and into October, 2000.

         
On October 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss possible strategic transactions.
At the meeting, Mr. Ingram
disclosed that Mediconsult had been approached by a third party about a possible
transaction between the two companies, a nondisclosure agreement had been signed
by the two companies and due diligence on the third party had begun.

         
At the October 4, 2000 board meeting, Mr. Ingram informed the board of
directors that Mediconsult and its advisors had contacted several other parties
that might be interested in participating in a transaction with Mediconsult.

After contacting the parties, Mediconsult received five responses, of which two
parties declined to engage in discussions.
During October, Mediconsult's
management met with three of the parties.

         
On October 9, 2000, an initial meeting was held with Timothy Nolan,
President and Chief Operating Officer of Cybear Inc., Andrx Corporation's
wholly-owned subsidiary.
Attending for Mediconsult were Messrs. Sutcliffe and
Ingram.
This

meeting was followed by subsequent meetings in October and November 2000,
attended by additional members of the Cybear and Mediconsult senior management
teams, including complete mutual due diligence and presentations of corporate
strategies and financial plans.

         
On October 24, 2000, Mediconsult engaged McFarland Dewey as its
financial advisor.

         
On November 2, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss the status of any possible strategic transactions.
During the
meeting, Mr. Sutcliffe reported that after exploring options with a number of
potential parties, he believed that only the third party who had approached
Mediconsult in August presented a viable alternative at that time.
Mediconsult's
senior management and legal advisors then presented the principal terms of the
proposed combination with the third party who had approached Mediconsult in
August to its board of directors for discussion.

         
In the first week of December 2000, Andrx Corporation, via Cybear Inc.,
submitted a proposal to acquire all of the issued and outstanding stock of
Mediconsult in a stock-for-stock acquisition, or a tax-free exchange offer, in
exchange for Cybear tracking stock.
On December 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board
of directors held a special meeting to discuss the terms of Cybear's proposal
with Mediconsult's senior management and legal and financial advisors.
After
some discussion, the Mediconsult board of directors proposed several
modifications to Cybear's proposal.
On December 6, 2000, a term sheet was
signed, including a 21-day exclusivity period.

         
On December 8, 2000, Andrx Corporation submitted a draft merger
agreement to Mediconsult.
Over the course of the next month, representatives of
Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult and their respective advisors completed their
due diligence investigations and proceeded to negotiate the terms of the final
merger agreement.

         
On January 3, 2001, senior executives of both Andrx Corporation and
Cybear made a presentation to the Mediconsult board of directors regarding each
of their respective businesses and the possible benefits of combining
Mediconsult and Cybear.

         
On January 4, 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss with its financial and legal advisors the details of the
proposed transaction with Cybear, including the consideration of 43%-45% of the
outstanding Cybear tracking stock to be received by Mediconsult's stockholders,
management and certain of Mediconsult's debtors after the merger and a brief
outline of the terms of the $2,000,000 of interim financing that Cybear agreed
to provide to fund Mediconsult's operating costs between the signing and closing
of the proposed transaction.
In addition, representatives of Covington &
Burling, Mediconsult's outside legal advisors, made a presentation to the
Mediconsult board of directors regarding their legal due diligence on Cybear and
Andrx Corporation and representatives of McFarland Dewey, financial advisors to
Mediconsult, made a presentation regarding their analysis of the financial terms
of proposed transaction and discussed the results of the negotiations with the
two companies.

         
On January 9, 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to vote on the proposed transaction with Andrx Corporation and Cybear.

At this meeting, Mr. Ingram summarized the principal terms of the credit
agreement and related loan documents.
McFarland Dewey then followed up with a
brief review of the presentation they made to the Mediconsult board of directors
at the January 4, 2001 meeting and expressed its opinion that the exchange ratio
was fair to the holders of Mediconsult common stock, from a financial point of
view.
Following these presentations and discussions, the Mediconsult board of
directors unanimously approved the merger agreement.
After the close of business
that day, Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult executed the merger agreement and
issued a joint press release announcing the merger on the morning of January 10,
2001.


Opinion of Mediconsult's Financial Advisor

         The board of directors of Mediconsult retained McFarland Dewey to
deliver an opinion in connection with the merger.
On January 9, 2001, McFarland
Dewey delivered to the Mediconsult board of directors an oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated January 9, 2001,
to the effect that, as of that date, and based upon and subject to the factors
and assumptions set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair from a
financial point of view to the holders of Mediconsult shares.

         
The full text of the definitive written McFarland Dewey opinion, dated
January 9, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions made, the procedures followed,
the matters considered and the limitations on the scope of the review undertaken
by McFarland Dewey in rendering its opinion is attached as Annex B to this proxy
statement/prospectus.
Mediconsult's stockholders are urged to read the McFarland
Dewey opinion carefully and in its entirety.
The summary of the McFarland Dewey
opinion set forth in this proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.
Mediconsult's
stockholders should note that:

    
o    The opinion does not address the merits of the underlying decision of
         the Mediconsult board of directors to proceed with or effect the merger
         and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how
         such stockholder should vote with respect to the merger agreement.

    
o    McFarland Dewey was not engaged by Mediconsult to participate in or
         advise with respect to the negotiation of the terms of the merger or
         any other alternative transaction and has not done so.
Without limiting
         the foregoing, although in connection with the preparation of the
         opinion, McFarland Dewey did not assist Mediconsult in soliciting
         indications of interest from third parties for the acquisition of
         Mediconsult, McFarland Dewey considered the limited market check
         conducted by Mediconsult's previous financial advisor.

    
o    McFarland Dewey does not express an opinion as to the terms of any
         transaction related to or ancillary to the merger, financial or
         otherwise, such as the financings contemplated by Mediconsult in the
         form of loan(s) from Cybear in connection with the merger.

         
The summary set forth below does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses underlying the McFarland Dewey opinion or the
presentation made by McFarland Dewey to the Mediconsult board of directors.
The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving
various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of
financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, McFarland
Dewey did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor
considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance
and relevance of each analysis and factor.
Accordingly, McFarland Dewey believes
that its analysis must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of
its analysis, without considering all analyses, would create an incomplete view
of the process underlying its opinion.

         
In performing its analyses, numerous assumptions were made with respect
to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of McFarland
Dewey, Mediconsult, Cybear or Andrx Corporation.
Any estimates contained in the
analyses performed by McFarland Dewey are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by such analyses.
Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses
or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
such businesses or securities might actually be sold.
Accordingly, such analyses
and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.
In addition, as
described above, the McFarland Dewey opinion was among several factors taken
into consideration by the Mediconsult

board of directors in making its determination to approve the merger.

Consequently, the McFarland Dewey analyses described below should not be viewed
as determinative of the decision of the Mediconsult board of directors or
Mediconsult's management with respect to the fairness of the exchange ratio of
the merger.

         
In arriving at its opinion, McFarland Dewey, among other things:

    o    reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
         relating to Mediconsult, Andrx Corporation and Cybear which McFarland
         Dewey deemed to be relevant;

    o    reviewed certain confidential information, including financial
         forecasts furnished to McFarland Dewey by Mediconsult, relating to the
         business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of
         each of Mediconsult and Cybear;

    o    conducted discussions with members of senior management and
         representatives of Mediconsult, Andrx Corporation and Cybear concerning
         the matters described in the clauses above, as well as their respective
         businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to the merger;

    o    visited the facilities of both Mediconsult and Cybear;

    o    reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for Mediconsult
         shares outstanding common stock and Cybear shares outstanding tracking
         stock and compared them with those of certain publicly traded companies
         which McFarland Dewey deemed to be relevant;

    o    reviewed the results of operations of Mediconsult and Cybear and
         compared them with those of certain publicly traded companies which
         McFarland Dewey deemed to be relevant;

    o    compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
         terms of certain other transactions which McFarland Dewey deemed to be
         relevant;

    o    reviewed the impact of the merger on the combined company which
         reflected the impact of purchase accounting;

    o    reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated January 5, 2001; and

    o    reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
         account such other matters as McFarland Dewey deemed relevant,
         including McFarland Dewey's assessment of general economic, market and
         monetary conditions.

         
In preparing its opinion, McFarland Dewey assumed and relied on the
accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made
available to McFarland Dewey, discussed with or reviewed by McFarland Dewey, or
publicly available.
McFarland Dewey did not assume any responsibility for
independently verifying such information.
McFarland Dewey has not undertaken an
independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of
Mediconsult or Cybear or been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.

         
Additionally, McFarland Dewey assumed that:

    o    Mediconsult would be unable to secure alternative financing in
         sufficient time to provide working capital to continue operations, and
         that if such financing was not obtained, Mediconsult would be unable to
         continue as a going concern in the absence of the

         consummation of the merger and would likely seek protection from
         creditors under the bankruptcy laws;

    o    based on time constraints and Mediconsult's current circumstances, the
         merger is the best available transaction or course of action
         practically available that would address Mediconsult's liquidity and
         other financial concerns;

    o    the information furnished to or discussed with McFarland Dewey by
         Mediconsult or Cybear has been prepared on a reasonable basis in
         accordance with industry practice and, with respect to financial
         planning data, reflects the best currently available estimates and
         judgment of Mediconsult's or Cybear's management as to the expected
         future financial performance of Mediconsult or Cybear, and that the
         management of Mediconsult or Cybear is not aware of any information or
         facts that would make the information provided to McFarland Dewey
         incomplete or misleading;

    o    there have been no material changes in Mediconsult's assets, financial
         condition, results of operations, business or prospects since the date
         of the last financial statements or information made available to
         McFarland Dewey;

    o    the merger will be accounted for as a purchase under generally accepted
         accounting principles and that it will qualify as a tax-free
         reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

    o    that the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially
         similar to the last draft reviewed by McFarland Dewey.

         
The McFarland Dewey opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic
and other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date
of such opinion.
Other than as set forth in the draft merger agreement reviewed
by McFarland Dewey, McFarland Dewey assumed that no material third party
approvals regarding Mediconsult or Cybear with respect to any contracts or
otherwise will be necessary.

         
McFarland Dewey reviewed and analyzed the proposed terms of the merger,
and observed that:

    o    Following the merger, Mediconsult would be a wholly-owned subsidiary of
         Andrx Corporation;

    o    As a result of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of common
         stock of Mediconsult would be converted into the right to receive
         0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to the adjustment
         provided for in the merger agreement.
If the maximum adjustment was
         made, the exchange ratio would be reduced to 0.1144.

    
o    Mediconsult had negative working capital of approximately $7,179,000 as
         of December 31, 2000;

    o    Upon signing of the merger agreement, Cybear agreed to loan Mediconsult
         up to $2,000,000 with a maturity date of July 15, 2001;

    o    Mediconsult's shares of common stock outstanding as of the consummation
         of the merger will increase to approximately 82,056,000 shares due to
         the conversion of existing Mediconsult liabilities to common stock; and

    o    Total transaction value, based on 82,056,000 shares of outstanding
         Mediconsult common stock, was approximately $6,556,000.

         
The following is a brief summary of the material analyses prepared by
McFarland Dewey in connection with the rendering of the McFarland Dewey opinion.

         
Stock Price History.
To provide contextual data and comparative market
data, McFarland Dewey examined the history of the trading prices for both Cybear
tracking stock and Mediconsult common stock and their relative relationships to
each other for the latest twelve months and compared the results to the NASDAQ
Index and S & P 500 Index.
This information was prepared solely to provide
background information regarding the stock prices of Mediconsult and Cybear over
the periods indicated below as both companies similarly under-performed the two
indices.

         
Comparison of Selected Comparable Companies.
McFarland Dewey compared
the trading multiples for Mediconsult to corresponding multiples of a select
group of e-health companies consisting of Allscripts Inc, drkoop.com Inc.,
Drugstore.com Inc, HealthCentral.com, HealthGate Data Corporation, Healthstream
Inc, Medicalogic/Medscape Inc, PlanetRX.com, Sciquest.com Inc, WebMD
Corporation, and Cybear.
Based on its analysis, McFarland Dewey derived a
summary reference range of implied enterprise values of Mediconsult.

         
The following table summarizes the results of McFarland Dewey's company
comparable analyses.

                                                
Implied Mediconsult Multiple          Comparable Company Multiples
                                                 ---------------------------      ---------------------------------------
                                                                                                       Adjusted
                                                    Low           High           Low        Median     Average       High
                                                    ---           ----           ---        ------     -------       
----
Exchange Ratio                                     0.1144        0.1430
- --------------------------------------------     -----------    ----------

Transaction Value/Book Value                        0.04x          0.05x          0.05x      0.22x       0.27x        290.94x
Transaction Value/LTM Revenue                       0.30x          0.33x          0.26x      1.20x       1.78x          7.83x
Transaction Value/Last QTR Annualized               0.23x          0.25x          0.22x      0.79x       1.52x          6.96x
Revenue
Transaction Value/Estimated 2000 Revenue            0.29x          0.32x          0.21x      0.74x       1.39x          5.47x
Transaction Value/Estimated 2001 Revenue            0.31x          0.34x          0.12x      0.32x       0.60x          3.06x

         The analysis indicated that, with the exception of Transaction Value to
Book Value, Mediconsult's implied multiples exceeded the low end of the range of
comparable multiples but were well below the adjusted average and median
multiples.
None of the comparable companies is identical to Mediconsult.

Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors that could
ultimately affect the value of Mediconsult.

         
Analysis of Selected Comparable Transactions.
McFarland Dewey reviewed
certain publicly available information regarding fifty-four select e-health
related acquisitions and calculated transaction value to last twelve months
sales multiples for such transactions.
Due to the significant downturn in the
public markets at the end of March, 2000, the fifty-four transactions were
separated into two groups; pre- and post-market downturn.
Based on Mediconsult's
last twelve months negative EBIT and net income, McFarland Dewey did not
consider EBIT and net income to be a useful comparison.

         
The following table summarizes the results of McFarland Dewey's
analysis of transactions comparable to the merger.

                                                   
Implied Mediconsult                 Comparable Transaction Multiples
                                                         Multiple
                                                 -------------------------       
---------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       Adjusted
                                                    Low           High           Low        Median     Average       High
                                                    ---           ----           ---        ------     -------       
----
Exchange Ratio                                     0.1144        0.1430
- --------------------------------------------     -----------    ----------

Transaction Value to LTM Sales:
Pre-April Public Market Downturn                    0.30x          0.33x          0.77x      6.05x       6.67x         32.23x

Post-April Public Market Downturn                   0.30x          0.33x          0.95x      4.28x       4.83x        116.01x

         
The analysis indicated that Mediconsult's implied multiples were below
the low end of the range of comparable multiples.
No company or transaction used
in the above analysis as a comparison was identical to Mediconsult.
Accordingly,
an analysis of the results of the comparison is not purely mathematical; rather
it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
historical and projected financial and operating characteristics of the
comparable acquired companies and other factors that could affect the
acquisition value of such companies and Mediconsult.

         
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
As the future viability of Mediconsult
as a going concern is assumed to be in question beyond March, 2001, McFarland
Dewey believes that a discounted cash flow analysis would not be a meaningful
measure of value or reference for comparative value.

         
Earnings Per Share Analysis And Balance Sheet Effect.
McFarland Dewey
reviewed the accretion or dilution that the merger would have on pro forma
earnings per share indicated by the projections prepared by the managements of
Mediconsult and Cybear and by the total annual expense reduction for the fiscal
year 2001, resulting from the merger.
McFarland Dewey also reviewed the impact
that the merger would have on the projected pro forma balance sheet.

         
McFarland Dewey has, in the past, provided financial advisory services
to Mediconsult in connection with its merger with Physicians' Online as well as
in connection with other transactions and received compensation for such
services.
Pursuant to a letter dated December 26, 2000, Mediconsult has agreed
to pay McFarland Dewey a cash fee of $250,000 and 500,000 shares of Mediconsult
common stock upon the rendering of the fairness opinion.
McFarland Dewey may
provide such services to the surviving corporation in the merger and/or its
affiliates and may receive fees for the rendering of such services.

         
Additionally, Mediconsult agreed to reimburse McFarland Dewey for
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
fees and disbursements of its legal counsel.
Mediconsult has also agreed to
indemnify McFarland Dewey and certain related persons for certain liabilities
related to or arising out of its engagement, including liabilities under the
federal securities laws.

         
Mediconsult retained McFarland Dewey based upon McFarland Dewey's
experience and expertise.
McFarland Dewey, as part of its investment banking
business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, competitive bids, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.


Recommendation of Mediconsult's Board of Directors

         Mediconsult's board of directors believes that the merger is advisable,
fair to and in the best interests of Mediconsult and its stockholders and
unanimously recommends to its stockholders that they vote "FOR" the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement.


Interests of Certain Directors, Officers and Affiliates in the Merger

         Other than as described herein, no director or executive officer of
Mediconsult, and no associate of any such person, has any substantial interest,
direct or indirect, in the merger, other than an interest arising from the
ownership of Mediconsult common stock, in which case the director or officer
receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other
holders of Mediconsult common stock.

         
Certain members of Mediconsult's management and board of directors may
be deemed to have interests in the merger in addition to their interests as
stockholders of Mediconsult generally.
In each case, the Mediconsult board of
directors either was aware of these factors or, with respect to interests that
arose subsequent to the signing of the merger agreement, was aware of their
potential, and considered them, among other matters, in approving the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

         
Indemnification.
The merger agreement provides that Andrx Corporation
shall for a period of four years after the effective time of the merger
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted under
applicable law, each present and former director, officer, employee, trustee and
agent of Mediconsult or any of its subsidiaries, including each person
controlling any of the foregoing persons, for any acts or omissions, or alleged
acts or omissions, by them in their capacities as such to the extent they were
indemnified by Mediconsult on the date of the merger agreement.
Andrx
Corporation shall also maintain Mediconsult's existing directors' and officers'
liability insurance policies, or policies providing terms at least as favorable
as the existing policies, for a period of four years after the effective time of
the merger.


Description of Andrx Corporation Capital Stock

         Under Andrx Corporation's current capital structure, there are two
classes of common stock - Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock.

Specifically, the Cybear tracking stock is common stock of Andrx that, unlike
typical common stock, is designed to track the financial performance of a
specific group of Andrx Corporation's business operations and related allocated
assets, rather than operations and assets of the entire company.
For instance,
operations and assets dedicated to Andrx Corporation's Internet assets are
referred to as Cybear.
Therefore, the Cybear tracking stock is not stock of
Cybear, but rather a class of Andrx Corporation's common stock containing
special provisions intended to tie the value of that stock primarily to the
operations and assets that it attributes to Cybear.

         
The chief mechanism intended to cause the Cybear tracking stock to
"track" the financial performance of Cybear are special provisions in Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation governing dividends and
distributions.
The provisions governing dividends provide that Andrx
Corporation's board of directors has discretion to decide if and when to declare
dividends subject to certain limitations.
Those limitations are dependent, in
part, upon the excess of earnings and paid-in capital or of the fair value of
the net assets allocated to Cybear over the outstanding Cybear tracking stock's
combined par value and amounts needed to satisfy preferences and debt
obligations allocated to the related division.
Within these and other, general
limitations under the certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, the amount
of any dividend payment will be at the Andrx Corporation's board of directors'
discretion.
When deciding whether to declare a dividend, and for how much, the
board of directors would consider, among other things, the earnings, financial
condition, capital requirements and level of indebtedness of Andrx or Cybear, as
the case may be.
To date, Andrx Corporation has never paid or declared a cash
dividend on shares of any of its series of common stock, nor does Andrx
Corporation anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future.
Unless declared,
dividends do not accrue on the Cybear tracking stock.

         
Andrx Corporation aids investors in evaluating the net worth and
earnings performance of each of its groups by:

    o    defining in its certificate of incorporation, those assets that will
initially comprise the group; and

    o    publishing quarterly financial statements that break out the assets and
liabilities and results of operations of each group for the reported periods.


The financial statements include audited annual and unaudited quarterly
financial statements and separate management's discussions and analysis for each
group division and Andrx Corporation.
Andrx Corporation manages and accounts for
transactions between the groups and with third parties, and any resulting
re-allocations of assets and liabilities, by applying consistently between the
groups a detailed set of policies established by its board of directors.
The
policies appear in Annex D of this proxy statement/prospectus.
With some
exceptions contained in the policies, Andrx Corporation's board of directors
retains the discretion to revise the policies at any time, subject to its
fiduciary duties to stockholders.

         
The separate financial statements do not represent any physical
segregation of assets among divisions or separate division accounts.
They are an
accounting presentation only, for the purpose of permitting investors to assess
the financial performance of the operations and assets allocated to each group.

         
While the common stocks are designed to reflect a group's performance,
they remain common stocks of the entire company.
Therefore, a holder of Cybear
tracking stock is a common stockholder subject to the risks of investing in the
business, assets and liabilities of Andrx Corporation as a whole.
For instance,
the assets allocated to any group are nonetheless subject to company-wide claims
of creditors, product liability plaintiffs and stockholder litigation.
Also, in
the event of Andrx Corporation's liquidation, insolvency or similar event, a
holder of Andrx Corporation common stock would have no direct claim against the
assets allocated to the corresponding tracked group; a holder of common stock
would only have the rights of a common stockholder in the combined assets of
Andrx Corporation, subject also to Andrx Corporation's allocation of liquidation
units as discussed below under the heading "Liquidation.
"

         If the merger is approved, you will be exchanging your Mediconsult
common stock for Cybear tracking stock.
A summary of the material terms of the
Andrx capital stock is set forth below.
The summary is not complete.
We
encourage you to read the certificate of incorporation which is attached as
Annex C.

Authorized and Outstanding Shares

         The certificate of incorporation authorizes Andrx Corporation to issue
151,000,000 shares of capital stock as follows: 100,000,000 shares of a class of
common stock, designated as Andrx common stock, 50,000,000 shares of a class of
common stock, designated as Cybear tracking stock, and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock.
Shares of each class of stock will have a par value of $0.001
per share.
The board of directors will be able to issue shares of preferred
stock in series, without stockholder approval.
As of January 31, 2001,
69,636,451 shares of Andrx common stock, 15,207,324 shares of the Cybear
tracking stock, and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding.


Dividends

         Dividends on the Andrx common stock and dividends on the Cybear
tracking stock are limited to an amount not greater than the Available Dividend
Amount as defined in the certificate of incorporation for the relevant group.

         
Delaware law limits the amount of distributions on capital stock to the
legally available funds, which are determined on the basis of the entire
company, and not only the respective groups.
As a result, the amount of legally
available funds will reflect the amount of any net losses of each group, any
distributions on Andrx common stock, Cybear tracking stock or any preferred
stock and any repurchases of Andrx common stock, Cybear tracking stock or
certain preferred stock.
Dividend payments on the Andrx common stock and on the
Cybear tracking stock could be precluded because legally available funds are not
available under Delaware law, even though the Available Dividend Amount test for
the particular relevant group was met.
Andrx Corporation cannot assure
stockholders that there will be an Available Dividend Amount for either group.

         
Subject to the prior payment of dividends on any outstanding shares of
preferred stock and the limitations described above, the board of directors is
able, in its sole discretion, to declare and pay dividends exclusively on the
Andrx common stock, exclusively on the Cybear tracking stock or on both, in
equal or unequal amounts.
In making its dividend decisions, the board of
directors will not be required to take into account the relative Available
Dividend Amounts for the two groups, the amount of prior dividends declared on
either class, the respective voting or liquidation rights of either class or any
other factor.


Conversion and Redemption

         The certificate of incorporation permits the conversion or redemption
of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock.

         
Mandatory Dividend, Redemption or Conversion of Common Stock
If
Disposition of Cybear Assets Occurs.
If Andrx Corporation sells, transfers,
assigns or otherwise disposes of, in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, all or substantially all of the properties and assets attributed
to Cybear, Andrx Corporation is required, except as described below, to:

    o    pay a dividend in cash and/or securities or other property to the
         holders of the Cybear tracking stock having a fair value equal to the
         net proceeds of the disposition;

    o    if the disposition involves all, but not merely substantially all, of
         such properties and assets, redeem all outstanding shares of the Cybear
         tracking stock for cash and/or securities or other property having a
         fair value equal to the net proceeds of the disposition;

    o    if the disposition involves substantially all, but not all, of such
         properties and assets, redeem or exchange that number of whole shares
         of the class of Cybear tracking stock as have in the aggregate an
         average market value, during the period of ten consecutive trading days
         beginning on the 26th trading day immediately succeeding the
         consummation date, closest to the net proceeds of the disposition; and
         the redemption price will be cash and/or securities or other property
         having a fair value equal to such net proceeds; or

    o    convert each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock to a number of
         shares of Andrx common stock equal to 110% of the ratio of the average
         market value of one share of Cybear tracking stock to the average
         market value of one share of Andrx common stock during the 10-trading
         day period beginning on the 26th trading day following the disposition
         date.

         
Andrx Corporation may only pay a dividend or redeem shares of common
stock as set forth above if it has legally available funds under Delaware law
and the amount to be paid to holders is less than or equal to the Available
Dividend Amount for the Cybear Group.
Andrx Corporation is required to pay this
dividend or complete a redemption or conversion on or prior to the 95th trading
day following the disposition.

         
For purposes of determining whether a disposition has occurred,
"substantially all of the properties and assets" attributed to Cybear means a
portion of such properties and assets:

    o    that represents at least 80% of the then fair value of the  properties
and assets attributed to Cybear; or

    o    from which were derived at least 80% of the aggregate revenues of
Cybear for the immediately preceding 12 fiscal quarterly periods.

         
The "net proceeds" of a disposition means an amount equal to what
remains of the gross proceeds of the disposition after any payment of, or
reasonable provision is made as determined by the board of directors for:

    o    any taxes payable by Andrx Corporation or which would have been payable
but for the utilization of tax benefits attributable to Andrx, in respect of the
disposition or in respect of any resulting dividend or redemption;

    o    any transaction costs, including, without limitation, any legal,
investment banking and accounting fees and expenses; and

    o    any liabilities of or attributed to Cybear, including, without
limitation, any liabilities for deferred taxes, any indemnity or guarantee
obligations incurred in connection with the disposition or otherwise, any
liabilities for future purchase price adjustments and any preferential amounts
plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends in respect of the preferred stock
attributed to Cybear.

         
Andrx may elect to pay the dividend or redemption price in connection
with a disposition either in the same form as the proceeds of the disposition
were received or in any other combination of cash, securities or other property
that the Andrx Corporation board of directors determines will have an aggregate
market value of not less than the fair value of the net proceeds.

         
The following illustration demonstrates the provisions requiring a
mandatory dividend, redemption or conversion if a disposition occurs.
If:

    o    60 million shares of Andrx common stock and 30 million shares of Cybear
tracking stock were outstanding,

    o    the net proceeds of the disposition of substantially all, but not all,
of the assets of Cybear equals $50 million,

    o    the average market value of the Cybear tracking stock during the
10-trading day valuation period was $2 per share and

    o    the average market value of the Andrx common stock during the same
valuation period was $100 per share,

         then Andrx Corporation could do any of the  following:

(1) pay a dividend to the holders of shares of Cybear tracking stock equal to:

                       net proceeds                      =         $50 million     =      $1.66 per share
              ------------------------------------                  -----------
              number of outstanding shares of                       30 million
              Cybear tracking stock

         (2) redeem for $2 per share a number of shares of Cybear tracking stock
equal to:

                       net proceeds                      =        $50 million     =      25,000,000 shares
              ------------------------------------                -----------
              average market value of                              2 million
              Cybear tracking stock

         (3) convert each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock into a
number of shares of Andrx common stock equal to:

                   Average market value of
         1.1 x     Cybear tracking stock                 =   1.1 x   $2 per share   =    0.022 shares
                   ---------------------                              ------------
                   Average market value of                          $100 per share
                   Andrx common stock

         Exceptions to the Dividend, Redemption or Conversion Requirement if a
Disposition Occurs.
Andrx Corporation is not required to take any of the above
actions for any disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and
assets of Cybear in a transaction or series of related transactions that results
in Andrx Corporation receiving for such properties and assets primarily equity
securities of any entity which:

    o    acquires such  properties or assets or succeeds to the business
conducted with such properties or assets or controls such acquiror or successor;
and

    o    is primarily engaged or proposes to engage primarily in one or more
businesses similar or complementary to the businesses conducted by Cybear prior
to the disposition, as determined by the board of directors.

         
The purpose of this exception is to enable Andrx Corporation
technically to "dispose" of properties or assets of Cybear to other entities
engaged or proposing to engage in businesses similar or complementary to those
of Cybear without requiring a dividend on, or a conversion or redemption of,

Cybear tracking stock, so long as Andrx Corporation holds an equity interest in
that entity.
A joint venture in which Andrx Corporation owns a direct or
indirect equity interest is an example of such an acquiror.
Andrx Corporation is
not required to control that entity, whether by ownership or contract
provisions.

         
Andrx Corporation is also not required to effect a dividend, redemption
or conversion if the disposition is:

    o    of all or substantially all of its properties and assets in one
transaction or a series of related transactions in connection with its
dissolution, liquidation or winding up and the distribution of its assets to
stockholders;

    o    on a pro rata basis, such as in a spin-off, to the holders of all
outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock; or

    o    made to any person or entity controlled by it, as determined by the
board of directors.

         
Notices
If Disposition of Group Assets Occurs.
Not later than the 20th
trading day after the consummation of a disposition, Andrx Corporation will
announce publicly by press release:

    o    the estimated net proceeds of the disposition;

    o    the number of outstanding shares of the Cybear tracking stock; and

    o    the number of shares of Cybear tracking stock into or for which
convertible securities are then convertible, exchangeable or exercisable and the
conversion, exchange or exercise price thereof.

         
Not earlier than the 36th trading day and not later than the 40th
trading day after the consummation of the disposition, Andrx Corporation will
announce publicly by press release whether it will pay a dividend or redeem
shares of common stock with the net proceeds of the disposition or convert the
Cybear tracking stock into the Andrx common stock.

         
Andrx Corporation is required to cause to be mailed to each holder of
shares of the Cybear tracking stock the additional notices and other information
required by the certificate of incorporation.

         
Conversion of Cybear Tracking Stock at Andrx Corporation's Option at
Any Time.
The Andrx Corporation board of directors may at any time after
September 8, 2001, or at any time after a tax event occurs, convert each share
of Cybear tracking stock into a number of shares of Andrx common stock equal to
a percentage as set forth below of the ratio of the average market values of the
Cybear tracking stock to the Andrx common stock over a 20-trading day period.

         
Any conversion date occurring after the following
         anniversary of the September 2000 reorganization                  Percentage of market value ratio of
         and on or prior to the next such anniversary                      Cybear tracking stock to the Andrx
                                                                           common stock
         ----------------------------------------------------              
-----------------------------------------

         First..........................................                                     125%
         Second.........................................                                     120%
         Third..........................................                                     115%
         Fourth and Thereafter..........................                                     110%

         Andrx Corporation will calculate the ratio as of the fifth trading day
prior to the date it mails the conversion notice to holders.
However, if a tax
event occurs at any time subsequent to the effective date, a factor of 100%
rather than the above percentages will be applied to the ratio of the average
market values.
This means that the holders of the Cybear tracking stock will not
receive any premium in such conversion.


"Tax event" means the receipt by Andrx Corporation of an opinion of its tax
advisors that, as a result of:

    o    any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations interpreting
such laws of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority,
including any announced proposed change by an applicable legislative committee
or its chair in such laws or by an administrative agency in such regulations, or

    o    any official or administrative pronouncement, action or judicial
decision interpreting or applying such laws or regulations,

it is more likely than not that for United States federal income tax purposes:

    o    Andrx Corporation or its stockholders are, or, at any time in the
future, will be subject to tax upon the issuance of shares of either Andrx
common stock or Cybear tracking stock, or

    o    Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock is not or, at any time in
the future, will not be treated solely as stock of Andrx Corporation.

         
These provisions allow Andrx Corporation the flexibility to
recapitalize the two classes of common stock into one class of common stock that
would, after such reorganization, represent an equity interest in all of its
businesses.
The optional conversion or redemption could be exercised at any
future time if the Andrx Corporation board of directors determines that, under
the facts and circumstances then existing, an equity structure consisting of two
classes of common stock was no longer in the best interests of all of its
stockholders.
Such exchange could be exercised, however, at a time that is
disadvantageous to the holders of one of the classes of common stock.

         
Many factors could affect the market values of the Andrx common stock
or the Cybear tracking stock, including the results of operations of Andrx
Corporation and those of each of the groups, trading volume and general economic
and market conditions.
Market values could also be affected by decisions by the
board of directors or management that investors perceive to affect differently
one class of common stock compared to the other.
These decisions could include
changes to the management and allocation policies, transfers of assets between
groups, allocations of corporate opportunities and financing resources between
the groups and changes in dividend policies.

         
The following illustration demonstrates the calculation of the number
of shares issuable upon conversion of Cybear tracking stock into shares of Andrx
common stock at Andrx Corporation's option between the second and third
anniversaries of the reorganization.
If:

    o    a tax event has not occurred,

    o    30 million shares of Cybear tracking stock and 60 million shares of
Andrx common stock were outstanding immediately prior to a conversion,

    o    the average market value of one share of the Cybear tracking stock over
the 10-trading day valuation period was $2, and

    o    the average market value of one share of Andrx common stock over the
same valuation period was $100, then each share of Cybear tracking stock could
be converted into .02 shares of Andrx common stock based on the following
calculation:

                        1.2 x                $2      =           0.02 shares
                                             --
                                           $100

         Redemption in Exchange for Stock of Subsidiary.
The Andrx Corporation
board of directors may redeem on a pro rata basis all of the outstanding shares
of Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock for shares of the common stock of
one or more of its wholly-owned subsidiaries which own all of the assets and
liabilities attributed to the relevant group.
If at the time of any such
redemption of Andrx common stock, Andrx is entitled to Number of Cybear
Designated Shares, as defined in the certificate of incorporation, it will also
issue an equal number of shares of Cybear tracking stock either to (1) the
holders of the Andrx common stock or (2) one or more of those Andrx Corporation
subsidiaries.
Andrx Corporation may redeem shares of common stock for subsidiary
stock only if it has legally available funds under Delaware law.

         
These provisions are intended to give Andrx Corporation increased
flexibility with respect to spinning-off the assets of one of the groups by
transferring the assets of that group to one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries
and redeeming the shares of common stock related to that group in exchange for
stock of such subsidiary or subsidiaries.
As a result of any such redemption,
holders of each class of common stock would hold securities of separate legal
entities operating in distinct lines of business.
Such a redemption could be
authorized by the board of directors at any time in the future if it determines
that, under the facts and circumstances then existing, an equity structure
comprised of the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock is no longer
in the best interests of all of the stockholders as a whole.

         
Selection of Shares for Redemption.
If less than all of the outstanding
shares of a class of common stock are to be redeemed, Andrx Corporation will
redeem such shares proportionately from among the holders of outstanding shares
of such common stock or by such method as may be determined by its board of
directors to be equitable.

         
Fractional Interests; Transfer Taxes.
Andrx Corporation will not be
required to issue fractional shares of any capital stock or any fractional
securities to any holder of either class of common stock upon any conversion,
redemption, dividend or other distribution described above.
If a fraction is not
issued to a holder, Andrx Corporation will pay cash instead of such fraction.

         
Andrx Corporation will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or
transfer taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of any
shares of capital stock and/or other securities on conversion or redemption of
shares.


Voting Rights

         The certificate of incorporation provides that the entire voting power
of the stockholders will be vested in the holders of common stock, who will be
entitled to vote on any matter on which stockholders are entitled to vote,
except as otherwise required by the board of directors or provided by law or
stock exchange rules, by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock or by any
provision of the certificate of incorporation restricting the power to vote on a
specified matter to other stockholders.
Holders of common stock will vote as a
single class on each matter on which holders of common stock are generally
entitled to vote.

         
On all matters as to which both classes of common stock vote together
as a single class:

    o    each share of Andrx common stock will have one vote; and

    o    each share of Cybear tracking stock will have a number of votes equal
to the quotient of the average market value of a share of Cybear tracking stock
over the 20-trading day period ending on the 10th trading day prior to the
record date for determining the holders of common stock entitled to vote,
divided by the average market value of a share of Andrx common stock over the
same period; provided, however, in the event the holders of the Cybear tracking
stock shall hold in excess of 25% of the total voting power, the vote of Cybear
tracking stock shall be reduced to represent 25% of the total voting power.

         
Accordingly, the relative per share voting rights of the Andrx common
stock and the Cybear tracking stock will fluctuate depending on changes in the
relative market values of shares of such classes of common stock.

         
The Andrx common stock currently has and Andrx Corporation expects that
it will continue to have a substantial majority of the voting power because it
expects that the aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of Andrx
common stock will be substantially greater than the aggregate market value of
the outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock.
As of the record date, the
holders of the Cybear tracking stock have less than 1% of the total voting power
of Andrx Corporation common stock.

         
Andrx Corporation will set forth the number of outstanding shares of
Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock in its Annual Report on Form 10-K
and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act.
Andrx
Corporation will disclose in any proxy statement for a stockholders' meeting the
number of outstanding shares and per share voting rights of the Andrx common
stock and the Cybear tracking stock.

         
If shares of only one class of common stock are outstanding, each share
of that class will have one vote.
If either class of common stock is entitled to
vote as a separate class with respect to any matter, each share of that class
will, for purpose of such vote, have one vote on such matter.

         
Fluctuations in the relative voting rights of the Andrx common stock
and the Cybear tracking stock could influence an investor interested in
acquiring and maintaining a fixed percentage of the voting power of the stock to
acquire such percentage of both classes of common stock, and would limit the
ability of investors in one class to acquire for the same consideration
relatively more or less votes per share than investors in the other class.

         
The holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will not
have any rights to vote separately as a class on any matter coming before the
Andrx Corporation stockholders, except for certain limited class voting rights
provided under Delaware law.
In addition to the approval of the holders of a
majority of the voting power of all shares of common stock voting together as a
single class, the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Andrx
common stock or the Cybear tracking stock, voting as a separate class, would be
required under Delaware law to approve any amendment to the certificate of
incorporation that would change the par value of the shares of the class or
alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of such
class so as to affect them adversely.
As permitted by Delaware law, the
certificate of incorporation provides that an amendment to the certificate of
incorporation that increases or decreases the number of authorized shares of
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock will only require the approval of
the holders of a majority of the voting power of all shares of common stock,
voting together as a single class, and will not require the approval of the
holders of the class of common stock affected by such amendment, voting as a
separate class.

         
The following illustration demonstrates the calculation of the number
of votes each share of Cybear tracking stock would be entitled on all matters on
which holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock vote as a single
class.

         
If the average market value for the 20-trading day valuation period was
$2 for the Cybear tracking stock and $100 for the Andrx common stock, each share
of Andrx common stock would have one vote and each share of Cybear tracking
stock would have 0.15 votes based on the following calculation:

                                        $2    =     0.02 votes
                                        --
                                      $100

         Assuming 60 million shares of Andrx common stock and 30 million shares
of Cybear tracking stock were outstanding, the shares of Andrx common stock
would represent approximately 99% of the total voting power and the shares of
Cybear tracking stock would represent approximately 1% of the total voting
power.


Liquidation

         Currently, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or termination,
after payment, or provision for payment, of its debts and other liabilities and
the payment of full preferential amounts to which the holders of any preferred
stock are entitled, holders of existing Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking
stock are entitled to share equally in their remaining net assets.

         
The certificate of incorporation provides that in the event of a
dissolution, liquidation or winding up, after payment or provision for payment
of the debts and other liabilities and full preferential amounts to which
holders of any preferred stock are entitled, regardless of the group to which
such shares of preferred stock were attributed, the holders of Andrx common
stock and Cybear tracking stock will be entitled to receive the assets remaining
for distribution to holders of common stock on a per share basis in proportion
to the liquidation units per share of such class.
Each share of Andrx common
stock has one liquidation unit.
Each share of Cybear tracking stock will have a
number of liquidation units equal to the quotient of the average market value of
a share of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading day period ending on the
40th trading day after the effective date of the reorganization, divided by the
average market value of a share of Andrx common stock over the same period.

         
After the number of liquidation units to which each share of Cybear
tracking stock is entitled has been calculated in accordance with this formula,
that number will not be changed without the approval of holders of the class of
common stock adversely affected.
As a result, after the date of the calculation
of the number of liquidation units to which the Cybear tracking stock is
entitled, the liquidation rights of the holders of the respective classes of
common stock may not bear any relationship to the relative market values or the
relative voting rights of the two classes.
Andrx Corporation's financial
advisors believe that, in general, these liquidation provisions are immaterial
to trading in the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock.

         
No holder of Andrx common stock has any special right to receive
specific assets of Andrx and no holder of Cybear tracking stock has any special
right to receive specific assets of Cybear in the case of the dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of Andrx Corporation.

         
If Andrx Corporation subdivides or combines the outstanding shares of
either class of common stock or declare a dividend or other distribution of
shares of either class of common stock to holders of such class of common stock,
the number of liquidation units of either class of common stock will be
appropriately adjusted, as determined by the board of directors, to avoid any
dilution in the aggregate, relative liquidation rights of any class of common
stock.

         
Neither a merger nor consolidation of Andrx Corporation into or with
any other corporation, nor any sale, transfer or lease of all or any part of its
assets, will, alone, be deemed a liquidation or winding up of Andrx, or cause
its dissolution for purposes of these liquidation provisions.


Determinations by the Board of Directors

         Any determinations made in good faith by the Andrx Corporation board of
directors under any provision described under "Description of Andrx common stock
and Cybear tracking stock," and any determinations with respect to any group or
the rights of holders of shares of either class of common stock, will be final
and binding on all of Andrx Corporation's stockholders, subject to the rights of
stockholders under applicable Delaware law and under the federal securities
laws.


Preemptive Rights

         Neither the holders of the Andrx common stock nor the holders of the
Cybear tracking stock have any preemptive rights or any rights to convert their
shares into any other securities of Andrx Corporation.


Cybear Designated Shares

         Andrx, in the future, may hold an equity interest in Cybear in the form
of "Number of Cybear Designated Shares" as a result of future contributions of
cash or property to Cybear described below.
The Andrx Corporation board of
directors could create Number of Cybear Designated Shares if it determines that
(1) Cybear requires additional equity capital to finance its business and (2)

Andrx should supply that capital.

         
Number of Cybear Designated Shares are authorized shares of Cybear
tracking stock that are not issued and outstanding, but which the board of
directors, pursuant to the management and allocation policies, may from time to
time issue without allocating the proceeds or other benefits of such issuance to
Cybear.
The Number of Cybear Designated Shares are not eligible to receive
dividends and can not be voted.

         
The Number of Cybear Designated Shares will initially be zero but from
time to time will be:

    o    adjusted as appropriate to reflect subdivisions and combinations of the
Cybear tracking stock and dividends or distributions of shares of Cybear
tracking stock to holders of Cybear tracking stock and other reclassifications
of Cybear tracking stock;

    o    increased by a number equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1)
the fair value of all cash or other property attributed to Andrx that is
contributed to Cybear to increase the Number of Cybear Designated Shares by (2)
the average market value of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading day period
immediately prior to the date of transfer;

    o    decreased by a number equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1)
the fair value of all cash or other property attributed to Cybear that is
contributed to Andrx to reduce the Number of Cybear Designated Shares by (2) the
average market value of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading day period
immediately prior to the date of contribution; and

    o    decreased by the number of newly issued shares of Cybear tracking
stock, the proceeds of which have been allocated to Andrx, or issued as a
dividend or distribution or by reclassification, exchange or otherwise to
holders of Andrx common stock.


Preferred Stock

         The Andrx Corporation board of directors is authorized to issue shares
of preferred stock at any time, without stockholder approval.
It has the
authority to determine all aspects of those shares, including the following:

    o    the designation and number of shares;

    o    the dividend rate and preferences, if any, which dividends on that
         series of preferred stock will have compared to any other class or
         series of Andrx Corporation capital stock;

    o    the voting rights, if any;

    o    the conversion privileges, if any, applicable to that series;

    o    the redemption price or prices and the other terms of redemption, if
         any, applicable to that series;

    o    sinking fund provisions; and

    o    the voluntary and involuntary liquidation preferences.

         
Any of these terms could have an adverse effect on the availability of
earnings for distribution to the holders of Cybear tracking stock or for other
corporate purposes.
Voting rights of holders of preferred stock could adversely
affect the voting power of stockholders of Cybear tracking stock, Andrx common
stock or both and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or impeding a
change of control of Andrx Corporation.
This could protect the continuity of
Andrx Corporation's management and possibly deprive stockholders of an
opportunity to sell their shares at prices higher than the prevailing market
prices.


Description of Management and Allocation Policies

         Andrx Corporation's board of directors established policies to address
a number of issues with respect to the financing of Andrx and Cybear,
competition between groups, inter-group business transactions, corporate
opportunities and the allocation of debt, corporate overhead, interest, taxes
and other charges between the two groups.
These policies establish charges
between the two groups on an objective basis and, except as described below, to
ensure that transactions between Andrx and Cybear are made on terms that
approximate the terms that could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties.
We
have included these policies as Annex D.

         A summary of the management and allocation policies that are currently
in place are set forth below.


Policies Subject To Change Without Stockholder Approval

         The board of directors may modify, rescind or make exceptions to these
policies, or may adopt additional policies, in its sole discretion without
stockholder approval.
However, the board of directors has no present plans to do
so.
A board of directors' decision to modify or rescind such policies, or adopt
additional policies could have different effects upon holders of Andrx common
stock and holders of Cybear tracking stock or could result in a benefit or
detriment to one class of stockholders compared to the other class.
The board of
directors would make any such decision in accordance with its good faith
business judgment that such decision is in the best interests of Andrx and all
of its stockholders as a whole.


Interests To Be Attributed To The Groups

         It is Andrx Corporation's intent to attribute to Cybear all of its
interests worldwide in Internet business related to the healthcare industry
other than any Internet business related to the marketing, manufacture,
purchase, warehousing, developing, sale and distribution of pharmaceuticals.

Accordingly, upon completion of the merger, Mediconsult will become part of
Cybear.
All other of Andrx Corporation's interests not allocated to Cybear are
allocated to Andrx.


Fiduciary and Management Responsibilities

         Under Delaware law, absent an abuse of discretion, a director or
officer will be deemed to have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to Andrx
Corporation and its stockholders if that person is disinterested and acts in
accordance with his or her good faith business judgment in the interests of
Andrx Corporation and all of the stockholders as a whole.
The board of directors
in establishing policies with regard to intracompany matters such as business
transactions between groups and allocations of assets, liabilities, debt,
corporate overhead, taxes, interest, corporate opportunities and other matters,
will consider various factors and information which could benefit or cause
detriment to the stockholders of the respective groups and will make
determinations in the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of the
stockholders as a whole.


Common Stock Ownership Of Directors And Senior Officers

         As a policy, the Andrx Corporation board of directors will periodically
monitor the ownership of shares of Andrx common stock and shares of Cybear
tracking stock by its directors and senior officers and the options granted to
them so that their interests are generally aligned with the two classes of
common stock and with their duty to act in the best interests of Andrx
Corporation and the stockholders as a whole.
However, because of the anticipated
differences in trading values between Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking
stock, the actual value of their interests in Andrx common stock and Cybear
tracking stock will vary significantly.
Accordingly, it is possible that
directors or senior officers could favor one group over the other due to their
stock and option holdings.


Financing Activities

         Most financial and treasury activities are managed on a centralized
basis.
These activities include but are not limited to the issuance and
repayment of short-term and long-term debt and the issuance and repurchase of
any preferred stock.
If a transfer of cash or other property allocated to one
group to the other group occurs, Andrx Corporation will account for such
transfer in one of the following ways, as determined by its board of directors
except as set forth in a tax sharing agreement entered into by Andrx and Cybear:

         o
As a short-term or long-term loan from one group to the other, or as
a repayment of a previous borrowing, as described under "Inter-Group Loans"
below;

         o
As an increase or decrease in the Number of Cybear Designated Shares,
as described under "Future Equity Contributions to be Reflected as Cybear
Tracking Stock Designated Shares" below; or

         o As a sale of assets between the two groups.

         
The board of directors has not adopted specific criteria to determine
which of the foregoing will be applied to a particular transfer of cash or
property from one group to the other.
The board of directors will make these
determinations, either in specific instances or by setting applicable policies
generally, in the exercise of its business judgment based on all relevant
circumstances.
All transfers of material assets from one group to the other will
be made on a fair value basis for the foregoing purposes, as determined by the
board of directors.
See "Transfers of Assets Between Groups.
"

         
Although debt and preferred stock may be allocated between groups, the
debt and preferred stock will remain obligations of Andrx Corporation and all of
its stockholders will be subject to the risks associated with those obligations.

         
Debt.
Debt will be allocated between the groups or, in its entirety to
a particular group.
If debt for a particular financing is allocated in its
entirety to one group, the interest rate, amortization, maturity, redemption and
other terms shall be on then prevailing terms on which Andrx Corporation could
borrow

such funds.
Any expense related to debt that is allocated in its entirety to
a group will be allocated in whole to that group.

         
Preferred Stock.
Preferred stock, if issued, will be allocated between
the groups or, if the board of directors so determines, in its entirety to a
particular group.
If Andrx Corporation allocates preferred stock for a
particular financing in its entirety to one group, that group will be charged
the dividend cost.
If the dividend cost is higher than Andrx Corporation's
actual cost, the other group will receive a credit for an amount equal to the
difference as compensation for the use of its credit capacity.
Any expense
related to preferred stock that is allocated in its entirety to a group will be
allocated in whole to that group.

         
Inter-Group Loans.
Cash or other property that is allocated to one
group that is transferred to the other group, could, if so determined by the
board of directors, be accounted for either as a short-term loan or as a
long-term loan.
The board of directors will establish the terms on which
short-term and long-term loans between the groups will be made, including
interest rate, amortization schedule, maturity and redemption terms.
The terms,
however, shall reflect the then prevailing terms on which Andrx Corporation
could borrow the funds.

         
Future Equity Contributions to be Reflected as Cybear Tracking Stock
Designated Shares.
Cash or other property allocated to Andrx that is contributed
as additional equity to Cybear will increase the Number of Cybear Designated
Shares.
Cash or other property allocated to Cybear that is transferred to Andrx
will, if so determined by the Andrx Corporation board of directors, decrease the
Number of Cybear Designated Shares.

         
Equity Issuances and Repurchases and Dividends.
All financial effects
of issuances and repurchases of shares of Andrx common stock or shares of Cybear
tracking stock will be reflected entirely in the financial statements of that
group except as described in the next sentence.
All financial effects of
issuances of additional shares of Cybear tracking stock, which have been
reflected as a reduction in the Number of Cybear Designated Shares, will be
reflected entirely in the financial statements of Andrx.
Corporation Financial
effects of dividends or other distributions on, and purchases of, shares of
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock will be reflected entirely in the
respective financial statements of Andrx and Cybear.


Competition Between Groups

         Neither Andrx nor Cybear will engage in each other's principal
businesses, except for joint transactions with each other.
Joint transactions
may include joint ventures or other collaborative arrangements to develop,
market, sell and support new products and services.
Third parties may also
participate in such joint transactions.
See "Transfers of Assets Between Groups
- - Joint Transactions."
The terms of any joint transactions will be determined by
the Andrx Corporation board of directors.

         
The Andrx Corporation board of directors will make decisions whether to
permit indirect competition between the groups.
Indirect competition could occur
if and when:

         o one group uses products of third parties in that group's products
rather than using the other group's products;

         o a third party uses a product of one group in the third party's
products which compete with the other group's products; or

         o a group licenses technology allocated to that group to a third party
that is a competitor of the other group.

         
The groups may compete in a business which is not a principal business
of the other group.


Transfers of Assets Between Groups

         The certificate of incorporation permits the transfer of assets between
groups without stockholder approval.
The board of directors determined that all
such transfers will be made at fair value, as determined by Andrx Corporation's
board of directors, except as described below.
The consideration for such
transfers may be paid by one group to the other in cash or other consideration,
as determined by the board of directors.

         
The board of directors has adopted specific policies for the sale of
products and services between groups and joint transactions with each other and
third parties as set forth below.

         
Sales of Products and Services Between Groups.
A group will sell
products or services to the other group on terms that would be available from
third parties in commercial transactions.
If terms for such transactions are not
available from a third party, the purchasing group will (1) pay for such
products at fair value as determined by the board of directors and (2) pay for
such services at fair value, as determined by Andrx Corporation's board of
directors, or at the cost, including overhead, of the selling group.

         
Joint Transactions.
The groups may from time to time engage in
transactions jointly, including with third parties, as described under
"Competition Between Groups."
Research and development and other services
performed by one group for a joint venture or other collaborative arrangement
will be charged at fair value, as determined by the board of directors.


Review of Corporate Opportunities

         The board of directors reviews any matter which involves the allocation
of a corporate opportunity to either the Andrx common stock or the Cybear
tracking stock or in part to the Andrx common stock and in part to the Cybear
tracking stock.
In accordance with Delaware law, the board of directors will
make its determination with regard to the allocation of any such opportunity and
the benefit of such opportunity in accordance with its good faith business
judgment of the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of its stockholders
as a whole.
Among the factors that the board of directors may consider in making
this allocation is whether a particular corporate opportunity is principally
related to the business of Andrx or Cybear; whether one group, because of its
managerial or operational expertise, will be better positioned to undertake the
corporate opportunity; and existing contractual agreements and restrictions.


Financial Statements

         Andrx Corporation prepares financial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, consistently
applied, for Andrx and Cybear, and these financial statements, taken together,
comprise all of the accounts included in our corresponding consolidated
financial statements.
The financial statements of each of Andrx and Cybear
reflect the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
businesses included therein.


Allocation Matters

         Group financial statements also include allocated portions of Andrx
Corporation's debt, interest corporate overhead and costs of administrative
shared services and taxes.
Andrx Corporation makes these allocations for the
purpose of preparing each group's financial statements; however, holders of
Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will continue to be subject to all
of the risks associated with an investment in Andrx Corporation and all of its
businesses, assets and liabilities.

         
In addition to allocating debt and interest as described above under
"Financing Activities" and assets as described above under "Transfers of Assets
Between Groups," Andrx Corporation's board of directors has adopted the
following allocation policies:

         o Direct Charges.
Andrx Corporation allocates direct expenses incurred
on behalf of a group to that group.

         
o Corporate Overhead and Administrative Shared Services.
Andrx
Corporation allocates a portion of the corporate overhead to Andrx and Cybear
based upon the use of services by that group.
Corporate overhead includes costs
of our executive management, payroll, human resources, legal, auditing, tax,
mergers and acquisitions, treasury, and strategic planning functions.
Andrx
Corporation allocates in a similar manner a portion of the costs of
administrative shared services, such as information technology services.
Where
determinations based on use alone are not practical, Andrx Corporation uses
other methods and criteria that it believes is equitable and provides a
reasonable estimate of the cost attributable to the groups.

         
o Taxes.
Andrx Corporation allocates the federal income tax provisions
and related tax payments and refunds between the groups based on a tax sharing
agreement.


Capital Stock Committee

         Andrx Corporation established a capital stock committee of the board of
directors as part of the September 2000 reorganization.
Timothy Nolan was also
appointed as Cybear's designee on Andrx Corporation's board of directors.

Provided Mr. Nolan is a member of the board of directors, he will be a member of
the capital stock committee, however, in the event that he is a member of the
capital stock committee, the capital stock committee will have at least one
other member.
The capital stock committee will have authority to:

         o Interpret, make determinations under, and oversee the implementation
of these policies in order to resolve potential and actual conflicts between the
groups.

         
o
Adopt additional general policies governing the relationship between
Andrx and Cybear with respect to these policies; and

         o Engage the services of accountants, investment bankers, appraisers,
attorneys and other service providers to assist in discharging its duties.

         
The decisions of the capital stock committee will be subject to
ultimate approval of the board of directors.


Comparison of Stockholder Rights

         Following the merger, the rights of the Mediconsult stockholders will
cease to be governed by the existing certificate of incorporation and existing
bylaws of Mediconsult but will continue to be governed by Delaware law.
Instead,
the rights of the Mediconsult stockholders will be governed by Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

         
The following is a brief summary of the material ways in which the
rights of Mediconsult stockholders will change because of the merger.


Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation.

         
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation requires an
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of all outstanding shares
entitled to vote at a meeting to amend its certificate of incorporation, except
to amend the provisions relating to directors, special meetings of stockholders,
stockholder action and bylaws which require a vote of at least two-thirds of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote without a meeting.
Mediconsult's existing
certificate of incorporation requires an affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of all outstanding shares entitled to vote at a meeting to
amend its certificate of incorporation, except any amendment pertaining to the
indemnification of officers and

directors of Mediconsult, which requires a vote of at least two-thirds of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote.

Amendments to Bylaws.

         
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws both
require an affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote at a meeting to amend its bylaws, except the
provisions relating to directors, special meetings of stockholders, notice of
stockholder proposals and stockholder action without a meeting, which require a
vote of at least two-thirds of all outstanding share entitled to vote.

Mediconsult's existing certificate of incorporation requires a two-thirds vote
of all outstanding shares entitled to vote to amend the bylaws.
Mediconsult's
existing bylaws require the affirmative vote of the majority of directors
present at a meeting of the board of directors at which a quorum is present to
amend the bylaws.


Number of Directors.

         
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide
that the number of directors will not be less than three and not more than 12.

The certificate of incorporation also provides that the number of directors will
be fixed by resolution of the board of directors.
Under Mediconsult's existing
bylaws, the number of directors will not be less than one and not more than 10
and provides that the number of directors will be fixed by resolution of the
board of directors.


Classified Board of Directors.

         
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for
the board of directors to be divided into three classes of directors serving
staggered terms.
This results in approximately one-third of the directors being
elected each year.
Mediconsult does not have a classified board of directors.


Removal of Directors.

         
Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide
that a director may only be removed for cause and by a two-thirds vote of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote.
Mediconsult's existing bylaws provide that
a director may be removed with or without cause in a manner consistent with
Delaware corporation law.


Filing Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies.

         
Under Delaware law, Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's
bylaws, whenever a vacancy occurs on the board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an increase in the number of directors, it may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a
quorum of directors, or by the stockholders, unless the certificate of
incorporation provide otherwise.


Business combinations with substantial stockholders.

         
Delaware law contains a statutory provision which is intended to curb
abusive takeovers of Delaware corporations.
Section 203 of the Delaware
Corporation Law addresses the problem by preventing certain business
combinations of the corporation with interested stockholders within three years
after such stockholders become interested.
Section 203 provides, with certain
exceptions, that a Delaware corporation may not engage in any of a broad range
of business combinations with a person or an affiliate, or associate of such
person, who is an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years from the
date that such person became an interested stockholder unless:

         o the transaction resulting in a person becoming an interested
stockholder, or the business combination, is approved by the board of directors
of the corporation before the person becomes an interested stockholder;

         o the interested stockholder acquired 85% or more of the outstanding
voting stock of the corporation in the same transaction that makes such person
an interested stockholder (excluding shares owned by persons who are both
officers and directors of the corporation, and shares held by certain employee
stock ownership plans); or

         o on or after the date the person becomes an interested stockholder,
the business combination is approved by the corporation's board of directors and
by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the corporation's outstanding voting stock
at an annual or special meeting, excluding shares owned by the interested
stockholder.

         
Under Section 203, an "interested stockholder" is defined as any person
who is:

         o the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation; or

         o an affiliate or associate of the corporation and who was the owner of
15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time
within the three year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought
to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder.


Indemnification of directors and officers.

         
Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's existing certificate of
incorporation provide that directors or officers be indemnified against any
liability (including any judgment, settlement, penalty or fine) incurred in
connection with any legal proceeding provided the director, officer or employee
acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult, respectively.

         
Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's existing certificate of
incorporation generally provide that all reasonable expenses of the indemnified
director or officer be paid in advance of the final proceeding to the fullest
extent permitted by law.


Special Meetings of Stockholders.

         
Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by
the corporation's board of directors or by such persons as may be authorized by
the corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

         
Andrx Corporation's bylaws provide that a special meeting may be called
by the chief executive officer, a majority of the board of directors or 33.3% of
the stockholders entitled to vote.
Mediconsult's existing bylaws provide that a
special meeting may be called by its president, board of directors, the holders
of not less than one-tenth of all shares entitled to vote at the meeting, or
legal counsel.


Dissenter's Rights.

         
Delaware law provides that dissenting stockholders who follow
prescribed statutory procedures are entitled to appraisal rights in the case of
a merger of a corporation, except that such rights are not provided when:

         o no vote of the stockholders is required for the merger; or

         o shares of the corporation are listed on a national securities
exchange on the record date or held by more than 2,000 stockholders and are to
be exchanged solely for shares of stock of another corporation which are listed
on a national securities exchange or held by more than 2,000 stockholders.


Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions

         Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
certain anti-takeover measures which are intended to protect the stockholders by
rendering it more difficult for a person or persons to obtain control of Andrx
Corporation without the cooperation of its management.
The anti-takeover
provisions include an advance notice requirement for any stockholder proposals
or nominations for the election of a director and a provision for a staggered
board of directors.

         
Andrx Corporation's bylaws provide that any stockholder proposals and
nominations for the election of directors be delivered to Andrx Corporation no
less than 60 days nor more than 90 days in advance of a meeting.
However, in the
event that less than 70 days notice of the meeting is provided to the
stockholders, the stockholders must provide Andrx Corporation with its notice no
later than 10 days following the date Andrx Corporation's notice was made.
Such
stockholder notice must contain (1) a brief description of the business desired
to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at
the annual meeting, (2) the name and record address of the stockholder, (3) the
class and number of shares of capital stock which are beneficially owned by the
stockholder and (4) any material interest of the stockholder in such business.

Mediconsult's bylaws do not contain such a provision.

         
The inclusion of such "anti-takeover" provisions in the Andrx
Corporation certificate of incorporation may delay, deter or prevent a takeover
which the stockholders may consider to be in their best interests, thereby
possibly depriving holders of Andrx's securities of certain opportunities to
sell or otherwise dispose of their securities at above-market prices, or limit
the ability of stockholders to remove incumbent directors as readily as the
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.


United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

         The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the merger and reflects the opinion of Broad and
Cassel.
The discussion is based on the Code, the Treasury Department regulations
promulgated under the Code, published positions of the IRS, and court decisions
now in effect, all of which are subject to change, potentially with retroactive
effect.
In particular, Congress could enact legislation or the Treasury
Department could issue regulations affecting the treatment of stock with
characteristics similar to the Cybear tracking stock.

         
This discussion addresses only those stockholders who hold Mediconsult
common stock as a capital asset and will, after the merger, hold Cybear tracking
stock as a capital asset.
However, this discussion does not address the
Mediconsult stockholders who were creditors of Mediconsult and have exchanged
their claims against Mediconsult for Mediconsult common stock in anticipation of
exchanging the Mediconsult common stock for Cybear tracking stock.
This
discussion does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may
be relevant to stockholders in light of their particular tax circumstances.
In
particular, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income taxation of
stockholders subject to special treatment under the Code, such as the following:

         o Tax-exempt entities;

         o Partnerships, S corporations, or other pass-through entities;

         o Mutual funds and regulated investment companies;

         o Small business investment companies;

         o Insurance companies and other financial institutions;

         o Broker-dealers and dealers in securities;

         o
Traders that mark their positions to market;

         o Stockholders who hold their shares as part of a hedge, appreciated
financial position, straddle, or conversion transaction;

         o Stockholders who acquired their shares through the exercise of
options or otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan;

         o Individuals who are not citizens or residents of the U.S.;

         o Estates and trusts not subject to U.S. federal income tax; and

         o Foreign corporations and other foreign entities.

         
Finally, this discussion does not address any consequences under state,
local or foreign tax laws.

         
Mediconsult stockholders should consult with their own tax advisors
with regard to the application of the federal income tax laws, as well as to the
applicability and effect of any state, local or foreign tax laws to which you
may be subject.

         
Andrx Corporation has obtained an opinion from Broad and Cassel
regarding the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, which
is based on the law in effect on the date this registration statement is filed
with the SEC.
The opinion from Broad and Cassel is being filed with the SEC as
an exhibit to this proxy statement/prospectus.
The opinion relies on factual
assumptions, including an assumption that there have been no changes in existing
facts, that the Cybear tracking stock will be issued in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation, that cash paid for fractional shares and to pay
dissenting stockholders does not exceed 20% of the total merger consideration,
and that the merger will be completed in accordance with the merger agreement.

The opinion also relies on representations contained in certificates furnished
to Broad and Cassel by officers of Andrx Corporation in connection with Broad
and Cassel rendering its opinion.
If any of these assumptions or representations
are inaccurate, the conclusions contained in the opinion could be affected.

Moreover, the opinion of Broad and Cassel is not binding on the IRS, and there
can be no assurance that views expressed in the opinion, if challenged, would be
sustained in court.

         
Broad and Cassel is of the opinion that the Cybear tracking stock
should be treated as voting common stock of Andrx Corporation for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.

         
No advance ruling has been sought from the IRS on the U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the merger, including the classification of the
Cybear tracking stock.
The IRS has announced that it will not issue any advance
rulings on the classification of an instrument that has certain voting and
liquidation rights in an issuing corporation but whose dividend rights are
determined by reference to the earnings of a segregated portion of the issuing
corporation's assets, including assets held by a subsidiary.
Broad and Cassel's
opinion is not binding on the IRS.
In addition, there are no court decisions or
other authorities that bear directly on the treatment of stock with
characteristics similar to the Cybear tracking stock.
It is possible, therefore
that the IRS could successfully take the position that:

         o
The Cybear tracking stock is stock of a separate corporation and not
capital stock of Andrx Corporation.

         
o
The receipt of Cybear tracking stock is a taxable event to
Mediconsult stockholders.

         
The IRS could also attempt to recharacterize certain indebtedness of
Mediconsult as equity, which recharacterization could affect the tax
consequences of the merger.
If the IRS were to prevail, the merger would not be
tax-free and each Mediconsult stockholder could recognize gain or loss equal to
the difference between the (i) fair market value of the Cybear tracking stock
received in the transaction (as of the merger date) and (ii) such stockholder's
adjusted tax basis in the Mediconsult common stock surrendered.

         
Broad and Cassel, however, is of the opinion that the IRS should not
prevail in any of the above assertions.
Accordingly, the discussion below of the
material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to Mediconsult
stockholders, assumes that the Cybear tracking stock will be treated as voting
common stock of Andrx Corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that
any debt of Mediconsult will not be recharacterized as equity.

         
The material U.S. federal income tax consequences to Mediconsult's
stockholders are as follows:

         o
The merger of Andrx Corporation's wholly-owned subsidiary into
Mediconsult with Mediconsult surviving the merger should qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Sections 368(a)(1)(A) and (a)(2)(E) of
Code.

         
o Each Mediconsult stockholder should recognize no gain or loss as a
result of the exchange of Mediconsult common stock solely for shares of Cybear
tracking stock pursuant to the merger under Section 354(a)(1) of the Code,
except with respect to any cash received by a Mediconsult stockholder instead of
a fractional share of Cybear tracking stock.

         
o Each Mediconsult stockholder should have a tax basis in the shares of
Cybear tracking stock received in the merger equal to the tax basis of the
Mediconsult common stock surrendered in the merger less any tax basis
attributable to a fractional share of Cybear tracking stock for which cash is
received.

         
o Each Mediconsult stockholder's holding period for shares of Cybear
tracking stock received in the merger should include the stockholder's holding
period for the Mediconsult common stock exchanged therefor.

         o
If any Mediconsult stockholder receives cash instead of a fractional
share of Cybear tracking stock, the stockholder should recognize capital gain or
loss equal to the amount of cash received less the amount of basis allocated to
the fractional share interest.
The gain or loss will be long-term capital gain
or loss if the share of Mediconsult common stock exchanged for the fractional
share of Cybear tracking stock was held for more than one year at the effective
time of the merger, except that if Mediconsult is determined to be a
"collapsible corporation", any gain recognized by a Mediconsult stockholder who
directly or indirectly has ever owned more than 5% of the outstanding stock of
Mediconsult may be treated as ordinary income.

         
o
Any Mediconsult stockholder who receives cash as a result of
exercising appraisal rights, if any, will generally recognize capital gain or
loss equal to the amount of cash received less such stockholder's tax basis in
the Mediconsult common stock provided that such cash payment is not treated as a
dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The gain or loss will be
long-term capital gain or loss if the share of Mediconsult common stock was held
for more than one year at the effective time of the merger, except that if
Mediconsult is determined to be a "collapsible corporation", any gain recognized
by a Mediconsult stockholder who directly or indirectly has ever owned more than
5% of the value of the outstanding stock of Mediconsult, may be treated as
ordinary income.
Generally, a disposition of Mediconsult common stock pursuant
to an exercise of appraisal rights will not be treated as a dividend if the
stockholder exercising such rights does not own, directly or indirectly, any
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock immediately after the merger.

         
The foregoing is not intended to be a complete analysis or description
of all potential U.S. federal income tax consequences or any other consequences
of the merger.
In addition, this discussion does not address tax consequences
which may vary with, or are contingent on, your individual circumstances.

Moreover, this discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign,
state or local tax consequences of the merger.
Accordingly, you are strongly
urged to consult with your tax advisor to determine the particular U.S. federal,
state, local or foreign income or other tax consequences to you of the merger.


Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement

         Set forth below is a description of the material terms of the merger
agreement.
We urge stockholders to carefully read, in its entirety, the merger
agreement, which we have attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus
and incorporated into this document by reference.
If there is any discrepancy
between the terms of the merger agreement and the following summary, the merger
agreement will control.


General

         The merger agreement contemplates that a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Andrx Corporation will merge with and into Mediconsult, with Mediconsult
surviving the merger and becoming part of Cybear.
The merger will become
effective on the date and time that the certificate of merger is filed with the
Delaware Secretary of State or such other date and time specified in the
certificate of merger.


Conversion of Shares and Consideration to be Received in the Merger

         At the effective time of the merger:

         o  each issued and outstanding share of Mediconsult common stock, other
            than treasury stock owned by Mediconsult, shares held by Andrx
            Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or shares held by persons
            entitled to appraisal rights, if any, will be converted into the
            right to receive 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to
            adjustment as described below;

         o  each outstanding stock option under the Mediconsult stock option
            plans and each Mediconsult warrant will be converted into separately
            exercisable options and warrants to acquire the number of shares of
            Cybear tracking stock equal to the product of the number of
            Mediconsult common stock that were issuable upon exercise multiplied
            by 0.1430, subject to adjustment as described below; and

         o  the exercise price for the shares of Cybear tracking stock issuable
            upon exercise of the assumed Mediconsult options and warrants will
            be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the existing
            exercise price of the Mediconsult option or Mediconsult warrant by
            0.1430, subject to adjustment as described below;

Adjustment to the Consideration to be Received in the Merger

         The number of shares the Mediconsult stockholders will receive is
subject to an adjustment.
By approving the merger agreement, the Mediconsult
stockholders agree that 20% of the total number of shares of Cybear tracking
stock that may be issued to them will not be issued until after the effective
date of the merger.
These shares will be issued, subject to an adjustment, if
any, once a balance sheet as of the closing date of the merger is agreed upon by
Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult.
By approving the merger agreement, the
Mediconsult stockholders also agree to appoint Ian D. Sutcliffe as the
representative of the Mediconsult stockholders with respect to the adjustment.

         
Within 90 days after the closing date, Andrx Corporation will present
to Mr. Sutcliffe a closing balance sheet as of the closing date audited by Andrx
Corporation's independent certified public accountants.
For each $250,000 by
which Mediconsult's stockholder equity amount exceeds the Mediconsult
stockholder equity amount set forth in the merger agreement, the 0.1430 exchange
ratio for each share of Mediconsult common stock will be adjusted downward by
0.0128 of a share of Cybear tracking stock up to a maximum of .0286 of a share
of Cybear tracking stock.
Therefore, the exact number of shares of Cybear
tracking stock the Mediconsult stockholders will receive may be less than
11,731,459 but not less than 9,385,723.

         
Mr. Sutcliffe, as the Mediconsult stockholders' representative, will
handle any and all disputes relating to the adjustment.
The remaining shares of
Cybear tracking stock will be distributed to the Mediconsult stockholders once
the adjustment amount has been agreed to.


Representations and Warranties

         The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by Andrx
Corporation and Mediconsult customary for agreements of this nature with regard
to aspects of their respective businesses,

financial conditions, structures and other facts pertinent to the merger.
The
representations given by Mediconsult relate to Mediconsult and its subsidiaries
and the representations given by Andrx Corporation relate to Andrx Corporation
and the subsidiary that will merge with and into Mediconsult.
The
representations made by Mediconsult cover the following topics:

         o  organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

         o  capitalization;

         o  authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
            transaction agreements;

         o  noncontravention;

         o  filings and reports with the SEC;

         o  financial statements;

         o  changes in business since September 30, 2000;

         o  undisclosed liabilities;

         o  litigation, proceedings and investigations;

         o  restrictions on business activities;

         o  compliance with laws;

         o  title to the properties owned and leased;

         o  intellectual property;

         o  environmental laws and matters;

         o  taxes;

         o  employee benefit plans;

         o  employee matters;

         o  transactions with interested parties;

         o  insurance;

         o  regulatory matters and compliance with applicable federal, state,
            local, and self-regulatory laws, rules and regulations of
            governmental entities;

         o  material contracts and obligations;

         o  options and other rights to acquire securities;

         o  opinion of financial advisor;

         o  the treatment of the merger as a purchase and as a tax-free merger;

         o  completeness of representations and warranties; and

         o  brokers' and finders' fees in connection with the merger.

         
The representations given by Andrx Corporation cover the following
topics as they relate to Andrx Corporation:

         o  organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

         o  capitalization;

         o  authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
            transaction agreements;

         o  noncontravention;

         o  filings and reports with the SEC;

         o  financial statements;

         o  changes in business since September 30, 2000;

         o  undisclosed liabilities;

         o  broker's and finders' fees in connection with the merger;

         o  accuracy and compliance with securities regulations of the
            information supplied in the registration statement and the proxy
            statement/prospectus;

         o  litigation, proceedings and investigations;

         o  compliance with laws; and

         o  the treatment of the merger as a purchase and as a tax-free merger.

         
The representations given by Andrx Corporation's subsidiary merging
into Mediconsult cover the following topics:

         o  organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

         o  authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
            transaction agreements;

         o  undisclosed liabilities; and

         o  litigation, proceedings and investigations.

         
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are
complicated and not easily summarized.
We urge you to carefully read the
sections in the merger agreement titled "Representations and Warranties of
Mediconsult," "Representations and Warranties of Andrx" and "Representations and
Warranties of Merger Sub."

Principal Covenants

         Voting Agreements.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, Mediconsult agreed
to obtain an agreement from Robert A. Jennings, a director and principal
stockholder, and JHC Limited, an entity controlled by Mr. Jennings, to vote in
favor of the merger.

         
Interim Financing.
In connection with the merger agreement, Andrx
Corporation agreed to cause Cybear Inc. to provide Mediconsult with up to
$2,000,000 in interim financing to fund Mediconsult's operating activities until
the closing date or the termination of the merger agreement.
See "Interim
Financing" on page ____ for a further discussion of the interim financing.

         
Conduct of Business Pending the Merger.
Pursuant to the merger
agreement, Mediconsult has agreed that, until the effective time of the merger,
subject to certain exceptions, Mediconsult will carry on business in the same
manner as conducted prior to the date of the merger agreement.

         
No Solicitation of Transactions.
Pursuant to the merger agreement,
Mediconsult has agreed that it will not solicit, initiate, encourage or take any
action which would facilitate a takeover proposal or engage in negotiations with
or disclose any nonpublic information or give access to its properties, books of
records to any person who is considering making or has made a takeover proposal.

However, Mediconsult's board of directors are not prohibited from taking and
disclosing to its stockholders a position with respect to an unsolicited tender
offer pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

         
In addition, Mediconsult may engage in any of the otherwise prohibited
acts referred to above, other than soliciting, initiating or encouraging any
takeover proposal, if:

         o  its board of directors receives an unsolicited takeover proposal;

         o  its board of directors believes in good faith after receiving advice
            from a reputable financial advisor that the unsolicited takeover
            proposal is reasonably capable of being consummated and would, if
            consummated, be reasonably likely to result in a transaction more
            favorable than the merger to the Mediconsult stockholders;

         o  its board of directors determines in good faith that the failure to
            entertain and consider an unsolicited takeover proposal which is
            believed to be superior could reasonably be deemed to be
            inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to the Mediconsult
            stockholders under applicable law; and

         o  it notifies Andrx Corporation of its receipt of a takeover proposal
            and any determination by its board of directors and delivers to
            Andrx Corporation a copy of the proposal, or a summary of any oral
            proposals, and all documents containing or referring to non-public
            information about it that are supplied to the third party making
            such takeover proposal.

         
Mediconsult has also agreed not to agree to endorse, and will not
permit any of its officers, directors, employees or other representatives to
agree to or endorse, any takeover proposal or withdraw its recommendation of the
merger agreement and merger unless its board of directors believes in good
faith, after receiving advice from a reputable financial advisor, that such
action is required in order for its board of directors to comply with its
fiduciary duties to stockholders under applicable law and Mediconsult has
terminated the merger agreement.
Mediconsult will also notify Andrx Corporation
within 24 hours after its receipt of any takeover proposal and keep Andrx
Corporation fully informed of the status and details of such takeover proposal.

         
Mediconsult has agreed to notify Andrx Corporation of any receipt of
any notice that any person is considering making a takeover proposal or any
request for nonpublic information or access to its properties, books or records
by any person considering making or that has made a takeover proposal and is
required to keep Andrx Corporation fully informed of the status and details of
any such notice, request, correspondence or communications.

         
Insurance and Indemnification.
The merger agreement provides that Andrx
Corporation, for four years after the effective time of the merger, shall
indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law but no more than
currently provided by Mediconsult, past or current officer, director,

employee, trustee or agent of Mediconsult against all amounts paid in connection
with any claim pertaining to acts or omissions in their capacities before or
after the effective time.
In addition, Andrx Corporation shall reimburse
indemnified parties for reasonable fees and expenses in bringing any action to
enforce rights or to collect money due under the merger agreement.

         
The merger agreement also provides that, for four years after the
effective time of the merger, Andrx Corporation shall maintain or shall cause to
be maintained, directors and officers liability insurance on terms at least as
favorable as Mediconsult's directors and officers liability insurance policies
in effect prior to the effective date of the merger.

         
Assumption of Stock Options.
At the effective time of the merger, Andrx
Corporation will assume all outstanding options to purchase Mediconsult common
stock.

         
Assumption of Warrants.
Prior to the effective time of the merger,
Andrx Corporation will assume all outstanding Mediconsult warrants.

         
Other Covenants.
The merger agreement contains additional covenants,
including covenants relating to:

         o  notices and consents;

         o  preparation, filing and distribution of this proxy
            statement/prospectus;

         o  cooperation regarding filings with governmental and other agencies
            and organizations;

         o  coordination of the Mediconsult stockholders' meeting;

         o  access to information;

         o  notice of developments;

         o  tax filings and tax opinions; and

         o  press releases.

         
In addition, the merger agreement contains a general covenant requiring
each party to use its reasonable best efforts to effect the consummation of the
merger.

         Conditions.
The merger will be completed only if certain conditions are
satisfied or waived, including the following:

         o  the merger agreement has been adopted by the vote of the holders of
            a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock;

         o  the SEC shall have declared the registration statement on Form S-4
            effective and no stop order suspending its effectiveness shall have
            been issued and no proceeding for that purpose, and no similar
            proceeding, with respect to this proxy statement/prospectus shall
            have been initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC; and

         o  there shall be no court order that prohibits the merger.

         
Andrx Corporation's obligation to complete the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions before
completion of the merger:

         o  Mediconsult's representations and warranties must be true and
            correct when made and as of the closing of the merger.

         
o  Mediconsult must have complied with and performed in all material
            respects all of its covenants under the merger agreement;

         o  there shall not have been a material adverse effect on Mediconsult;

         o  Andrx Corporation must have been provided with a certificate
            executed on behalf of Mediconsult that all representations are true
            and correct in all respects of any as of the closing date; the
            merger agreement has been adopted by the vote of the holders of a
            majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock;
            Mediconsult has performed and complied with all of its covenants
            under the merger agreement in all material respects through the
            closing; there is no action pending or threatened before any court
            or administrative agency that would (i) prevent the consummation or
            cause the recession of any of the transactions contemplated by the
            merger agreement, (ii) adversely affect the right of the surviving
            corporation to succeed to Mediconsult or (iii) adversely affect the
            right of any former subsidiary of Mediconsult to own its assets and
            to operate its business; and there is no material adverse effect on
            Mediconsult;

         o  Mediconsult shall have amended its lease agreements with Reckson
            Operating Partnership, L.P. and Brandywine Realty Services
            Corporation to Andrx Corporation's satisfaction;

         o  Mediconsult shall have terminated its lease agreements with 320
            Front Portfolio, Inc. and Addiscott Investments Limited and been
            released from all liability for these two leases to Andrx
            Corporation's satisfaction;

         o  Mediconsult shall have resolved its dispute with the International
            Counsel on Infertility Information Dissemination to Andrx
            Corporation's satisfaction;

         o  Mediconsult shall have amended its education services agreement with
            Bristol-Myers Squibb Company;

         o  Mediconsult shall have amended its employment arrangement with
            several of its employees and entered into agreements with its
            accountants, lawyers and McFarland & Dewey to Andrx Corporation's
            satisfaction;

         o  Mediconsult shall have received agreements from holders of
            Mediconsult options representing no less than 85% of the outstanding
            Mediconsult capital stock underlying the Mediconsult options to
            terminate the options, other than holders whose employment was
            terminated prior to the signing of the merger agreement;

         o  Mediconsult shall have converted its outstanding obligations to its
            note holders and Accenture (f/k/a Andersen Consulting LLP) into
            Mediconsult common stock, except for $200,000 in cash to be paid to
            Accenture;

         o  Mediconsult's average monthly unique user base shall not have
            decreased by more than 25% from its unique user base during the 90
            days prior to the date of the merger agreement;

         o  
Except for Mediconsult.com, Limited, a Bermuda corporation,
            Mediconsult.com (US) Ltd., a Delaware corporation, 3542491 Canada
            Inc., Physicians' Online and such other subsidiaries designated by
            Andrx Corporation, none of Mediconsult's subsidiaries shall have any
            assets, operations or employees;

         o  Mediconsult shall have terminated its 401(k) plan;

         o  Mediconsult shall have delivered to Andrx Corporation audited
            consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
            2000; and

         o  Dissenter's rights shall not have been exercised by the holders of
            more than 10% of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult.

         
Mediconsult's obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions before
completion of the merger:

         o  Andrx Corporation's and Merger Sub's representations and warranties
            must be true and correct when made and as of the closing of the
            merger;

         o  Andrx Corporation and Merger Sub must have complied and performed in
            all material respects with all of their respective covenants under
            the merger agreement;

         o  Mediconsult must have been provided with a certificate executed on
            behalf of Andrx Corporation that all representations are true and
            correct in all material respects at and as of the closing date; the
            merger agreement has been adopted by the votes of the holders of a
            majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock; the
            registration statement has become effective and there is no stop
            threatening or proceeding suspending or stop order threatening to
            suspend its effectiveness; Andrx Corporation and Merger Sub each
            have performed and complied with all of its covenants under the
            merger agreements in all material respects through the closing;
            there is no action pending or threatened before any court or
            administrative agency that would (i) prevent the consummation or
            cause the recission of any of the transactions contemplated by the
            merger agreement, (ii) adversely effect the right of Andrx
            Corporation or the surviving corporation to succeed to Mediconsult,
            or (iii) adversely affect the right of any former subsidiary of
            Mediconsult to own its assets and to operate its business; and there
            is no material adverse effect on Andrx Corporation ; and

         o  There shall not have been a material adverse effect on Andrx
            Corporation.

         
Termination of the Merger Agreement.
At any time prior to the
completion of the merger, the merger agreement may be terminated under the
following circumstances if the terminating party is authorized to do so by its
board of directors:

         o  By mutual written consent of Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult;

         o  By either Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult, if:

            o  Without any fault on the part of the terminating party, the
               closing does not occur on or before May 15, 2001;

            o  There shall be a final nonappealable order of a court preventing
               the consummation of the merger or there shall be a law, statute,
               rule, regulation or order enacted or issued which has the effect
               of making the merger illegal;

            o  The merger agreement has not been adopted by the vote of the
               holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult
               common stock;

         o  By Andrx Corporation, if:

            o  Mediconsult breaches any of its representations, warranties or
               covenants to the extent that it would cause the conditions to
               closing not to be satisfied, and the breach is not cured within
               30 days of the receipt by Mediconsult of notice of the breach;

            o  The Mediconsult board of directors withdraws or modifies its
               recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger in a manner
               adverse to Andrx Corporation or resolves to do so;

            o  The Mediconsult board of directors recommends, endorses, accepts
               or agrees to a takeover proposal or resolves to do so; or

            o  Mediconsult solicits, initiates, encourages or agrees to any
               takeover proposal or engages in any negotiations with, discloses
               any non-public information relating to Mediconsult or any of its
               subsidiaries to, or affords access to the properties, books or
               records of Mediconsult to, any person that has advised
               Mediconsult that it may be considering making, or that has made,
               a takeover proposal, or Mediconsult otherwise breaches the
               non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement.

         
o  By Mediconsult, if:

            o  Andrx Corporation breaches any of its representations, warranties
               or covenants to the extent that it would cause the conditions to
               closing not to be satisfied, and the breach is not cured within
               30 days following the receipt by Andrx Corporation of written
               notice of the breach; or

            o  After receiving the unsolicited takeover proposal, Mediconsult's
               board of directors, in compliance with the procedures set forth
               in the merger agreement, determines in good faith that such
               takeover proposal is superior to the merger and that it is
               required by its fiduciary duty to accept such takeover proposal
               and advises Andrx Corporation of such action.

         
Payment of Fees and Expenses.
Whether or not the merger is consummated,
subject to certain exceptions discussed in this proxy statement/prospectus, all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the
merger will be paid by the party incurring the expense except that expenses
incurred in connection with filing and printing the proxy statement/prospectus
and the registration statement, and registration and filing fees incurred in
connection with the proxy statement/prospectus and the registration statement
shall be shared equally.

         
If the merger agreement is terminated because:

         o  of fraud or the willful or intentional breach or failure to perform
            by Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult of any of its representations,
            warranties or covenants in the merger agreement or the breakup
            warrant, the purpose of which is to terminate the merger agreement;

then the breaching party will pay the other party a termination fee of $750,000
within five business days from the termination of the merger agreement.

         
If the merger agreement is terminated because:

         o  The closing does not occur on or before May 15, 2001 because
            Mediconsult fails to satisfy a closing condition;

         o  The merger agreement has not been adopted by the vote of the holders
            of a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock;
            or

         o  After receiving an unsolicited takeover proposal, Mediconsult's
            board of directors, in compliance with the procedures set forth in
            the merger agreement,

            determines in good faith that such takeover proposal is superior to
            the merger and that it is required by its fiduciary duty to accept
            such takeover proposal and advises Andrx Corporation of such action;
            or

         o  the Mediconsult board of directors changes or withdraws or modifies
            its recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger in an
            adverse manner; and

         o  by January 9, 2002, (i) Mediconsult sells the capital stock of its
            wholly-owned subsidiary, Physicians' Online, Inc. or substantially
            all of Physicians' Online's assets, or (ii) the transaction
            substantially contemplated by the superior proposal is consummated,
            or (iii) Mediconsult closes a financing transaction or series of
            financing transactions with net proceeds equal to or greater than
            $7,500,000.


then Mediconsult will pay Andrx Corporation a termination fee of $1,000,000, and
will issue a breakup warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of the then outstanding
capital stock of Mediconsult within five business days of the consummation of
any transaction described above.
For so long as the Mediconsult common stock is
traded on the Nasdaq National Market, the maximum number of shares of
Mediconsult common stock issuable pursuant to the breakup warrant, the warrant
issued in connection with the interim financing discussed below, and upon
conversion of the note below, is limited to 19.9% of Mediconsult's issued and
outstanding common stock.
The breakup warrant is exercisable at a price of
$0.125 per share and is exercisable at any time after Mediconsult becomes
obligated to pay the $1,000,000 termination fee until one year from the
termination of the merger agreement.

         
If the merger agreement is terminated because:

         o  Either party breaches any of its representations, warranties,
            covenants or obligations in the merger agreement to the extent that
            the breach causes a condition to closing not to be satisfied and the
            breach is not cured within 30 days following receipt by the other
            party of written notice of the breach;

then the non-terminating party will pay to and reimburse the terminating party
for all actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the terminating party in
connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement within five business days from the non-terminating party's
receipt of a statement from the terminating party indicating the amount of such
out-of-pocket expenses that have been incurred.
In addition, if the merger
agreement is terminated as a result of a nonwillful material breach or failure
to perform related to one of the foregoing reasons for termination by the
non-terminating party, the terminating party will have the right to recover any
damages arising from such non-willful material breach or failure to perform.


Interim Financing

         On January 9, 2001, Mediconsult and Physicians' Online entered into a
credit agreement with Cybear Inc. whereby Cybear Inc. agreed to provide
Mediconsult with interim financing not to exceed $2,000,000.
The interim
financing is to be used by Mediconsult to fund its and Physicians' Online's
operating activities until the closing date.
The credit agreement shall be due
and payable on July 15, 2001 and contains the customary representations,
warranties, covenants, conditions and events of default.

         
The interim financing is evidenced by a note.
If the merger agreement
is terminated, the note is convertible into Mediconsult common stock at a
conversion price equal to $0.125 at any time.
If the Mediconsult common stock is
still listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market, the note is convertible
into no more than 19.9% of the then outstanding shares of Mediconsult common
stock.
The note contains registration rights and antidilution adjustments,
including adjustments for issuances of shares at less than the conversion price.

         
The interim financing is secured by a pledge of all of Physicians'
Online's outstanding common stock as evidenced by a pledge agreement and a
security interest in all of Physicians' Online's assets as evidenced by a
security agreement.

         
In connection with the credit agreement, Mediconsult issued to Cybear
Inc. a warrant to purchase 8,926,502 shares of Mediconsult common stock at an
exercise price of $0.125 per share.
The warrant is only exercisable in the event
the merger agreement is terminated and will be exercisable until January 9,
2006.
The warrant contains registration rights and the customary antidilution
adjustments, including adjustments for issuances of shares at less than the
exercise price.


Appraisal Rights

         Mediconsult is a Delaware corporation.
If the Cybear tracking stock is
not listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the effective date of
the merger, Mediconsult's stockholders will have the right to an appraisal of
the value of their Mediconsult common stock.
If the Cybear tracking stock is
listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the effective date of the
merger, the Mediconsult stockholders will have no appraisal rights.

         
If appraisal rights exist under Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, any holder of Mediconsult common stock who does not wish to
accept the merger consideration may dissent from the merger and elect to have
the fair value of the stockholder's shares of Mediconsult common stock
(exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger)
judicially determined and paid to the stockholder in
cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, provided that the
stockholder complies with the provisions of Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law.
The following discussion is not a complete statement of the law
pertaining to appraisal rights under Delaware law, and is qualified in its
entirety by the full text of Section 262, which is provided in its entirety as
Annex E to this proxy statement/prospectus and assumes appraisal rights exist.

All references in Section 262 and in this summary to a "stockholder" are to the
record holder of the shares of Mediconsult common stock as to which appraisal
rights are asserted.
A person having a beneficial interest in shares of common
stock held of record in the name of another person, such as a broker or nominee,
must act promptly to cause the record holder to follow properly the steps
summarized below and in a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights.

         
Under Section 262, where a proposed merger is to be submitted for
approval at a meeting of stockholders, as in the case of the special meeting,
the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of
its stockholders entitled to appraisal rights that the appraisal rights are
available and include in the notice a copy of Section 262.
This proxy
statement/prospectus shall constitute the notice to the holders of common stock,
and the applicable Delaware law provisions are attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex E. Any stockholder who wishes to exercise
appraisal rights or who wishes to preserve the right to do so should review
carefully the following discussion and Annex E to this proxy
statement/prospectus because failure to comply with the procedures specified in
Section 262 timely and properly will result in the loss of appraisal rights.

Moreover, because of the complexity of the procedures for exercising the right
to seek appraisal of the common stock, Mediconsult believes that stockholders
who consider exercising these rights should seek the advice of counsel.

         
Any holder of common stock wishing to exercise the right to dissent
from the merger and demand appraisal under Section 262 must satisfy each of the
following conditions:

         o  The stockholder must deliver to Mediconsult a written demand for
            appraisal of the stockholder's shares before the vote on the merger
            agreement at the special meeting, which demand will be sufficient if
            it reasonably informs Mediconsult of the identity of the stockholder
            and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of
            the holder's shares.

         
o  The stockholder must not vote its shares of common stock in favor of
            the merger agreement.
Because a proxy which does not contain voting
            instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor of the merger
            agreement, a stockholder who votes by proxy and who wishes to
            exercise appraisal rights must vote against the merger agreement or
            abstain from voting on the merger agreement.

         
o  The stockholder must continuously hold the shares from the date of
            making the demand through the effective time of the merger.
            
Accordingly, a stockholder who is the record holder of shares of
            common stock on the date the written demand for appraisal is made
            but who thereafter transfers the shares prior to the effective time
            of the merger will lose any right to appraisal in respect of that
            stockholder's shares.
Neither voting (in person or by proxy)
            against, abstaining from voting on or failing to vote on the
            proposal to adopt the merger agreement will constitute a written
            demand for appraisal within the meaning of Section 262.
The written
            demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any
            such proxy or vote.

         
Only a holder of record of shares of common stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger is entitled to
assert appraisal rights for the shares of common stock registered in that
holder's name.
A demand for appraisal should be executed by or on behalf of the
stockholder of record, fully and correctly, as that stockholder's name appears
on the stock certificates, should specify the stockholder's name and mailing
address, the number of shares of common stock owned and that the stockholder
intends thereby to demand appraisal of the stockholder's common stock.
If the
shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee,
guardian or custodian, execution of the demand should be made in that capacity,
and if the shares are owned of record by more than one person as in a joint
tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of
all owners.
An authorized agent, including one or more joint owners, may execute
a demand for appraisal on behalf of a stockholder; however, the agent must
identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose the fact that, in
executing the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the owner or owners.
A
record holder such as a broker who holds shares as nominee for several
beneficial owners may exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares held
for one or more beneficial owners while not exercising these rights with respect
to the shares held for other beneficial owners; in that case, the written demand
should set forth the number of shares as to which appraisal is sought, and where
no number of shares is expressly mentioned the demand will be presumed to cover
all shares held in the name of the record owner.
Stockholders who hold their
shares in brokerage accounts or other nominee forms and who wish to exercise
appraisal rights are urged to consult with their brokers to determine the
appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for appraisal by a nominee.

         
A stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights under Section 262
should mail or deliver prior to the special meeting a written demand to:
Mediconsult.com, Inc., 560 White Plains Road, Tarrytown, New York 10591,
Attention: Secretary.

         
Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, the surviving
corporation must send a notice as to the effectiveness of the merger to each
former Mediconsult stockholder who has made a written demand for appraisal in
accordance with Section 262 and who has not voted in favor of the merger
agreement.
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, but not
thereafter, either the surviving corporation or any dissenting stockholder who
has complied with the requirements of Section 262 may file a petition in the
Delaware Chancery Court demanding a determination of the value of the shares of
common stock held by all dissenting stockholders.
Mediconsult is under no
obligation to and has no present intent to file a petition for appraisal, and
stockholders seeking to exercise appraisal rights should not assume that the
surviving corporation will file such a petition or that the surviving
corporation will initiate any negotiations with respect to the fair value of
such shares.
Accordingly, stockholders who desire to have their shares appraised
should initiate any petitions necessary for the perfection of their appraisal
rights within the time periods and in the manner prescribed in Section 262.

Inasmuch as Mediconsult has no obligation to file such a petition, the failure
of a stockholder to do so within the period specified could nullify that
stockholder's previous written demand for appraisal.
In any event, at

any time within 60 days after the effective time (or at any time thereafter with
the written consent of Mediconsult), any stockholder who has demanded appraisal
has the right to withdraw the demand and to accept payment of the merger
consideration.
Under the merger agreement, Mediconsult has agreed that, except
with the prior written consent of Andrx Corporation, it will not voluntarily
make any payment with respect to, or offer to settle, or settle, any such
purchase demand.

         
Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any stockholder
who has complied with the provisions of Section 262 to that point in time will
be entitled to receive from the surviving corporation, upon written request, a
statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the
merger agreement and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been
received and the aggregate number of holders of these shares.
The surviving
corporation must mail the statement to the stockholder within 10 days of receipt
of the request or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of
demands for appraisals under Section 262, whichever is later.

         
A stockholder timely filing a petition for appraisal with the Delaware
Chancery Court must deliver a copy to the surviving corporation, which will then
be obligated within 20 days to provide the Delaware Chancery Court with a duly
verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have
demanded appraisal of their shares.
After notice to these stockholders, the
Delaware Chancery Court is empowered to conduct a hearing on the petition to
determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights.
The Delaware
Chancery Court may require stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their
shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their
certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of
the appraisal proceedings, and if any stockholder fails to comply with the
requirement, the Delaware Chancery Court may dismiss the proceedings as to that
stockholder.

         
After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the
Delaware Chancery Court will appraise the "fair value" of their shares,
exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation
of the merger, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon
the amount determined to be the fair value.
The costs of the action may be
determined by the Delaware Chancery Court and taxed upon the parties as the
Delaware Chancery Court deems equitable.
Upon application of a dissenting
stockholder, the Delaware Chancery Court may also order that all or a portion of
the expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata against the value of all of
the shares entitled to appraisal.

         
Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the
fair value of their shares as determined under Section 262 could be more than,
the same as or less than the merger consideration they would receive under the
merger agreement if they did not seek appraisal of their shares.
stockholders
should also be aware that investment banking opinions are not opinions as to
fair value under Section 262.

         
In determining fair value and, if applicable, a fair rate of interest,
the Delaware Chancery Court is to take into account all relevant factors.
In
Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that
could be considered in determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding,
stating that "proof of value by any techniques or methods that are generally
considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise admissible in
court" should be considered, and that "fair price obviously requires
consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of a company."
The
Delaware Supreme Court stated that, in making this determination of fair value,
the court must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings
prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any other facts that could be
ascertained as of the date of the merger that throw any light on future
prospects of the merged corporation.
In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court
stated that "elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise,
that are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the
product of speculation, may be considered."
Section 262 provides that fair value
is to be "exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger.
"

         Any stockholder who has duly demanded an appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 will not, after the effective time of the merger, be entitled to
vote the shares subject to the demand for any purpose or be entitled to the
payment of dividends or other distributions on those shares (except dividends or
other distributions payable to holders of record of shares as of a record date
prior to the effective time of the merger).

         
Any stockholder may withdraw its demand for appraisal and accept the
merger consideration by delivering to the surviving corporation a written
withdrawal of the stockholder's demand for appraisal, except that (1) any such
attempt to withdraw made more than 60 days after the effective time of the
merger will require written approval of the surviving corporation and (2) no
appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Chancery Court shall be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Chancery Court, and such
approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Chancery Court deems
just.
If the surviving corporation does not approve a stockholder's request to
withdraw a demand for appraisal when such approval is required or if the
Delaware Chancery Court does not approve the dismissal of an appraisal
proceeding, the stockholder would be entitled to receive only the appraised
value determined in any such appraisal proceeding, which value could be lower
than the value of the merger consideration.

         
If, after the effective time of the merger, the shares of a dissenting
stockholder shall lose their status of dissenting share, Andrx Corporation shall
issue and deliver, upon surrender by such stockholder of the certificates
representing shares of Mediconsult common stock, the number of shares of Cybear
tracking stock to which such stockholder would otherwise be entitled to under
the merger agreement.

         
Failure to comply strictly with all of the procedures set forth in
Section 262 will result in the loss of a stockholder's statutory appraisal
rights, if available.
Consequently, any stockholder wishing to exercise
appraisal rights is urged to consult legal counsel before attempting to exercise
such rights.


Accounting Treatment

         The acquisition of Mediconsult will be accounted for by Andrx
Corporation as a purchase of a business.
Under this method of accounting, the
assets and liabilities of Mediconsult acquired will be recorded at their fair
value, and any excess of Andrx Corporation's purchase price over the fair value
will be accounted for as goodwill, which will be amortized over no more than
five years years and allocated to Cybear.


Stock Exchange Listings

         Cybear tracking stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CYBA."
Mediconsult common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "MCNS."
Both Cybear tracking stock and Mediconsult common stock
may, however, be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market for failure to meet
the requirements for continued listing.
See "Price Range of Existing Common
Stocks and Dividend Information" on pages _____ to ____.


Stock Transfer and Exchange Agent

         American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the transfer agent for the
Cybear tracking stock, will act as the exchange agent for the merger.


Exchange Procedures

         Upon consummation of the merger, the transfer agent will mail to all
holders of outstanding Mediconsult common stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for surrendering their stock certificates of Mediconsult common
stock.
Upon proper surrender of such stock certificates, the Mediconsult common
stock will be exchanged for 80% of the shares of Cybear tracking stock to be
issued to the

Mediconsult stockholders.
Shortly after the merger, the Mediconsult stockholders
will be mailed stock certificates representing their shares of Cybear tracking
stock.
Once Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult agree on a balance sheet dated as
of the closing date of the merger and any resulting adjustment, stockholders
will be mailed stock certificates representing their remaining Cybear tracking
stock shares, if any.

Financial Advisor

         McFarland Dewey is acting as Mediconsult's sole advisor with respect to
the merger.
Mediconsult agreed to pay McFarland Dewey a fee of $250,000 and
500,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock.

         
Mediconsult has also agreed to reimburse McFarland Dewey for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including the fees and expenses of their
lawyers, and to indemnify them against liabilities under the Securities Act and
certain other liabilities.

                
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF CONDITION
                    AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF MEDICONSULT

Introduction

         Mediconsult uses the Internet to educate and connect doctors and
patients.
Its Web communities and interactive solutions educate physicians,
empower patients and enable more effective doctor-patient relationships.

Mediconsult provides relevant tools, reliable services and quality medical
information, that save doctors time and improve health outcomes for their
patients.

         
Mediconsult's focus is on the chronic medical conditions that are
responsible for the majority of healthcare spending.
By fostering communities
centered on prevalent medical conditions and health issues, it creates
significant opportunities for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies to
effectively reach physician and patient audiences using Internet-based
educational, marketing and sponsorship programs.


Background

         For the period from the inception of Mediconsult's operations in April
1996 through January 1997, its operating activities related primarily to the
initial development of the mediconsult.com website and operating infrastructure,
and the recruitment of employees.
Since the launch of mediconsult.com in 1996,
Mediconsult focused on developing and organizing content in an easy to navigate
format, and improving the functionality of mediconsult.com.
During that time,
Mediconsult added new sites through subsequent acquisitions including
cyberdiet.com and heartinfo.com, and new Internet-based healthcare tools through
the acquisition of Mood Sciences.

         
In the third quarter of 1999, Mediconsult expanded its focus on
long-term strategic relationships with major pharmaceutical manufacturers to
include other Internet-based initiatives in addition to marketing programs.
The
initial relationship in this new strategic direction was entered into with
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in which Mediconsult is working with Bristol-Myers
to develop innovative new approaches to electronic medical education.

         
In December 1999, Mediconsult expanded its focus to include a secure
physicians-only service through the acquisition of Physicians' Online, Inc.
Physicians' Online is an Internet online service that provides medical
information, communications, and a transactions network for physicians.
It is a
secure, physicians-only environment featuring access to medical databases, daily
medical news, continuing medical education credits, clinical symposia, e-mail
accounts, Internet, discussions with colleagues, secure prescription
transactions, market research and recruiting services, among other services.

Membership is free.

         
In February 2000, Mediconsult acquired Web Northstar Interactive,
Corp., a company that specializes in research evaluation.
As consideration for
the acquisition, Mediconsult issued approximately 435,000 shares of common stock
for an aggregate price of $2.8 million.

         
In March 2000, Mediconsult acquired Storknet, a company dedicated to
pregnancy and parenting issues.
As consideration for the acquisition it issued
approximately 34,000 shares of common stock for an aggregate price of $0.2
million.

         
In July 2000, Mediconsult announced expense reductions resulting in a
restructuring plan targeted primarily at its consumer website operations as part
of an overall evaluation of potential cost savings.
This restructuring plan
highlights Mediconsult's shift toward building its physician community and
developing product offerings for its pharmaceutical clients.
Management believes
that the reductions will result in savings of approximately $1 million per
month.
The majority of expense reductions are targeted at those business units
that are stand-alone consumer channels.
The expense reductions reduced

Mediconsult's headcount by approximately 100 employees, about 45% of the total
workforce at September 30, 2000.


Revenue Sources

         Mediconsult's main sources of revenue have historically been through
services related to the development and support of online education marketing
and sponsorship programs for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies.

These services continue to be a source of revenue for Mediconsult and typically
include the design, development and management of customized websites relating
to particular pharmaceutical or other health-related products.
These services
also include marketing research, focus group testing and online testing of
visitors' preferences.
Revenue from these services is recognized on the basis of
contractual commitments over the period of each engagement using the percentage-
of-completion method, based on labor hours and costs incurred as the measure of
progress towards completion.
Revenue from support services, principally the
management of websites that Mediconsult develops for its clients, is recognized
ratably over the periods services are provided, generally on a monthly basis.

Payments received from clients prior to the performance of client services are
recorded as unearned revenue.

         
Mediconsult also provides advertising services involving the sale of
advertising space on certain websites it owns, manages or sponsors.
These
services can be provided separately or as part of a more comprehensive suite of
services provided to its clients.
Advertising services include banner
advertisements, polls, surveys, registration programs, coupons and other
interactive forms of advertising.
Revenue from advertising sales is recognized
ratably over the period in which the advertisement is displayed, if no
significant obligations remain.
In certain cases, advertising revenue from the
sale of advertising space is related to the delivery of impressions or
click-throughs from pages viewed by visitors to its websites.
In these cases,
Mediconsult may guarantee a minimum number of impressions or click-throughs by
visitors over a specific period of time.
To the extent that revenue is related
to the number of impressions or click-throughs, Mediconsult defers recognition
of this revenue until the required impressions or click-throughs are achieved.

Payments received from advertisers prior to displaying their advertisements are
recorded as deferred revenue.
Mediconsult does not recognize revenue from barter
transactions with respect to its advertising services.

         
As noted above, in the third quarter Mediconsult expanded its focus on
long term strategic relationships with major pharmaceutical manufacturers to
include other Internet-based initiatives in addition to marketing programs.
The
initial relationship in this new strategic direction was entered into with
Bristol-Myers Squibb in which Mediconsult is working with Bristol-Myers to
develop innovative new approaches to electronic medical education.
Mediconsult
is currently in the proposal stages for similar relationships with additional
major pharmaceutical companies.

         
Mediconsult also derives revenue from licensing content and providing
website support to healthcare and other organizations.
These client
organizations make Mediconsult content available to visitors to its websites or
to websites of their clients.
Revenue from content licensing is recognized over
the period of the license.
In certain cases, Mediconsult designs and develops
these websites.
The portion of licensing revenue related to up-front customized
design work is recognized over the period that the work is performed.
In certain
cases, Mediconsult realizes additional revenue from management of the website or
its content.
Revenue from management services is recognized ratably over the
period the services are performed, generally on a monthly basis.
Mediconsult may
also retain the right to place advertising on a website that hosts its content.

         
Although Mediconsult has certain electronic commerce alliances with
merchants of healthcare-oriented books and products, revenue from these
revenue-sharing arrangements has not been material.
Revenue from Mediconsult's
share of the proceeds from electronic commerce partners' sales is recognized by
Mediconsult upon notification from its commerce partners of sales attributable
to its websites.


Marketing and Sales Initiatives

         In late 1997, Mediconsult initiated its first significant marketing and
advertising program.
Mediconsult was engaged by Novartis Consumer Health Canada
to develop a comprehensive on-line smoking cessation program for its Habitrol
brand, focused on Canadian consumers.
Mediconsult developed the website for this
program during early 1998, for which it received payment as services were
performed.
Mediconsult receives revenue for maintaining and upgrading this
program, beginning with its launch in June 1998, and receives monthly
advertising revenue for referring visitor traffic to the Habitrol website.

Mediconsult recently expanded the Habitrol program to provide French and
professional healthcare versions of the website.

         
Mediconsult has also generated revenue from developing programs for a
number of branded pharmaceutical products for Novartis Pharma, the worldwide
pharmaceutical division of Novartis.
Mediconsult is developing a custom version
of an electronic medical education product for Bristol-Myers Squibb.
In 1998,
revenue from Novartis and Bristol-Myers Squibb represented $0.7 million or 65%
total revenue.
In the twelve months ended December 31, 1999, revenue from
Novartis and Bristol-Myers Squibb represented $5.0 million or 76% of
Mediconsult's total revenue.
In the nine months ended September 30, 2000,
revenue from Bristol-Myers Squibb and Eli Lilly Company represented $12.5
million or 72% of our total revenue.
The loss of Bristol-Myers Squibb as a
customer or any changes to the existing relationship that are less favorable to
Mediconsult, or any significant reduction in traffic on or through the
Physicians' Online website, will materially and adversely affect Mediconsult's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

         
To date, Mediconsult's revenue has been generated primarily by its own
internal sales organization, Pharma Marketing, LLC and, to a lesser extent, by
third party advertising representatives.
As of September 30, 2000, Mediconsult
had an internal marketing, sales, program design and product development
organization of 87 professionals.
Mediconsult believes that it needs to increase
further the size of its internal marketing and sales organization in order for
it to execute successfully its growth strategy and, accordingly, Mediconsult
intends to hire additional marketing and sales professionals in 2001.


Visitor Traffic

         To improve the depth and breadth of Mediconsult's medical content and
to increase visitor traffic, in 1998 through September 2000, Mediconsult
completed strategic initiatives to purchase, manage or sponsor the following
websites and companies:

         o  PharmInfo.com, a leading website providing information on
            pharmaceutical products and clinical trials for pharmacists,
            physicians and consumers.

         
o  Inciid.org, a website providing information on infertility.

         
o  Cyberdiet.com, a website providing tailored nutritional information
            and programs.

         
o  Heartinfo.org, a leading website that provides high quality content
            and tools focused on heart disease and related areas that have
            attracted a large and growing number of visitors to the
            www.heartinfo.com website.

         
o  Mood Sciences, Inc., a company that specializes in mental health
            disease management innovations.

         
o  POL.net, the flagship site of Physicians' Online, a company with
            more authenticated doctor-users than any other medical website.

         
o  Web Northstar Interactive Corp., a company specializing in online
            research products.

         
o  Storknet, a website dedicated to pregnancy and parenting issues.

         
As a consequence of the July 2000 decision to discontinue its consumer
businesses, Mediconsult initiated efforts in the third quarter of 2000 to sell
its consumer oriented assets.
To date, Mediconsult has successfully sold
substantially all of the assets of Cyber-Tech, Inc., Cyberdiet, Inc., and the
Storknet Website.
The sale of the Mood Sciences, Inc. assets is currently
pending.


Corporate

         Mediconsult was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of
Colorado in October 1989.
In April 1996, it purchased Mediconsult.com Limited, a
Bermuda corporation, through a merger in which Mediconsult.com Limited became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Mediconsult.
In December 1996, Mediconsult
consummated a reincorporation merger pursuant to which it became a Delaware
corporation.

         
Mediconsult conducts business primarily through Mediconsult.com
Limited, its Bermudan subsidiary.
In addition to Mediconsult.com Limited,
Mediconsult has established subsidiaries in the United States, Canada and the
United Kingdom.
Mediconsult's operations are conducted by Mediconsult.com
Limited, which has obtained an exemption from all Bermudan income taxes until
the year 2016.
Mediconsult.com Limited has, however, entered into service
agreements with other subsidiaries of Mediconsult for their employees to provide
services to Mediconsult.com Limited.
These subsidiaries will be subject to
income taxes in their jurisdictions.
Mediconsult.com Limited may be deemed to be
doing business in the United States and thereby become subject to US taxation.


Stock Options and Warrants

         Mediconsult expenses stock options granted to employees over their
vesting period, based on their fair value at the date of grant, under Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 "Accounting For Stock-Based
Compensation."
The fair value of options and warrants granted to non-employees
for services provided are expensed over the period the services are performed in
accordance with EITF 96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued
to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or
Services."

         
Pursuant to an agreement dated July 28, 1998 with Arnhold and S.
Bleichroeder, Inc. to provide Mediconsult with investment advisory services,
Mediconsult has issued to Arnold and S. Bleichroeder 100,000 shares of common
stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 shares of common stock
with an exercise price of $1.22 per share, which was the closing price of
Mediconsult's common stock on the contract date.
Of this amount, warrants for
200,000 shares of common stock were delivered upon the initial filing of a
prospectus and warrants for 200,000 shares of common stock were deliverable in
2000, if certain conditions were met.
Warrants for 100,000 shares were delivered
on March 15, 2000.
Delivery of the warrants will result in the recognition of an
expense in the statement of operations equal to the fair value of the warrants
on the date of delivery in accordance with EITF 96-18 "Accounting for Equity
Instruments That Are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in
Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services."
At September 30, 2000, Mediconsult
determined that the final 100,000 warrant shares will not vest.

         
On March 23, 2000 the Company and Accenture, formerly known as Andersen
Consulting LLP, entered into a warrant agreement under which Mediconsult issued
Accenture warrants to purchase 1,503,425 shares of Mediconsult's common stock at
an exercise price of $3.8125 per share in connection with consulting services
rendered by Accenture to Mediconsult under a consulting services agreement
signed on September 10, 1999.
The warrants have a term of five years and vest
over time, based upon consulting services performed by Accenture on
Mediconsult's behalf.
In connection with the issuance of these warrants,
Mediconsult reserved 1,503,425 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
these warrants.

         
During the quarter ended September 30, 2000, Mediconsult offered
employees an opportunity to cancel existing option grants in exchange for new,
re-priced option awards.
The re-pricing offer was for the same number of shares
cancelled; however, vesting of the re-priced options began at the new grant
date, and vesting of the new options does not automatically accelerate upon a
change in control of Mediconsult.
Of those eligible for the re-pricing, 3
accepted the offer, representing 104,500 option shares.
The re-pricing was
effective August 7, 2000.
The net affect on the second quarter option expense as
a result of the re-pricing was an increase of $3,641.

         
As a result of Mediconsult's restructuring, many participants in
Mediconsult's employee stock option plan were no longer eligible to participate
in the plan, and some or all of those employees' outstanding option grants were
forfeited.
The expense previously incurred relative to the issuance of these
option grants which were forfeited by certain employees was reversed in the same
period of the employees' termination, resulting in a credit balance for the
quarter ended September 30, 2000.


Results of Operations

         Revenue.
Revenue consists of fees received for the design, development
and implementation of online marketing and advertising programs, including
website development and implementation, advertising services, licensing our
content and website support.
Revenue was $0.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 1997, $1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an
increase of 233% over the prior year, and $6.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999, an increase of 540% over the prior year.
Revenue was $17.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and $3.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 1999, an increase of 365%.
The period-to-period
growth in revenue was primarily attributable to acquisitions, an increase in the
number of clients, the number of marketing and advertising programs developed
and implemented for those clients and Mediconsult's newly introduced initiatives
focused on the delivery of electronic medical education over the Internet.

         
Product And Content Development.
Product and content development costs
include expenses incurred by Mediconsult to develop, enhance, manage, monitor
and operate its websites and to develop new products such as electronic medical
education and related products.
Prior to 1997, these costs consisted primarily
of third party software development expenses, which were deferred and amortized
over the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1998.
From 1997 onwards, these costs
have consisted primarily of salaries and fees paid to employees and consultants
to develop and maintain the software and information contained on Mediconsult's
websites.
For the year ended December 31, 1997, these costs were $0.8 million,
for the year ended December 31, 1998, these costs were $1.3 million, an increase
of 63% over the prior year, and for the year ended December 31, 1999 these costs
were $7.6 million, an increase of 485% over the prior year.
Total product and
content development costs increased from $4.6 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 1999 to $19.8 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2000.
For 1997 and 1998, these costs related primarily to the development of
healthcare content.
In 1999 and 2000 these activities were supplemented by both
internal and third party expenses incurred for the development of new products,
such as electronic medical education as well as costs incurred relating to
acquisitions.

         
Marketing, Sales And Client Services.
Marketing, sales and client
services costs include expenses incurred by Mediconsult to obtain and maintain
client relationships.
These costs included salaries and fees paid to employees
and consultants, and programming costs.
In 1997, marketing, sales and client
services costs were $1.1 million and for the year ended December 31, 1998,
marketing, sales and client services costs were $1.8 million, an increase of 64%
over the prior year.
For the year ended December 31, 1999, these costs were
$11.9 million, an increase of 561% over the prior year, consisting primarily of
costs associated with the development and implementation of specific client
marketing programs and of new prototype marketing and advertising programs.
A
substantial portion of the increase was attributable to acquisitions and a
marketing agreement entered into with Pharma Marketing, LLC which resulted in
sales and marketing efforts being significantly increased.
Total marketing,
sales and client service costs increased from $7.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999 to $12.1 million for the nine

months ended September 30,2000.
These costs increased during this nine month
period as Mediconsult's activities in sponsorships and its medical educational
programs increased.

         
General And Administrative Expenses.
General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for general corporate
functions, including finance, accounting and legal expenses, and fees for other
professional services.
For the year ended December 31, 1997, general and
administrative expenses were $0.8 million.
These expenses were $1.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 25% over the prior year, and
$7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 610% over the
prior year.
Total general and administrative expenses increased from $3.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $5.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2000.
The increase in general and administrative
expenses was attributable to increased salaries and related expenses associated
with acquired companies and hiring additional personnel to support the growth of
Mediconsult's operations.
In addition, we opened offices in New York and Toronto
in 1999.

         
Depreciation And Amortization.
Depreciation and amortization expense
includes depreciation of tangible assets and software, using the straight line
method, over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Amortization expense
includes intangible assets such as goodwill.
For the year ended December 31,
1997, depreciation and amortization expense was $0.1 million.
These expenses
were $0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 100% over
the prior year, and $3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an
increase of 1800% over the prior year.
The increases were primarily due to the
growth of Mediconsult, and the acquisitions completed in 1999, principally the
amortization of intangibles arising from the Physicians' Online transaction.

Depreciation and amortization expense increased from $1.4 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 1999 to $32.4 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000.
These nine month period-to-period increases are primarily
due to the amortization of goodwill from the Physicians' Online acquisition
which was completed in December 1999.

         
Restructuring.
During the third quarter of 2000, Mediconsult initiated
a restructuring program.
The restructuring was intended to reduce its cost
structure for website operations and to focus resources on its core businesses
related to educating and connecting physicians and patients.
The restructuring
predominantly affected operations in Mediconsult's Canadian location.
During the
third quarter of 2000, a charge of approximately $2.8 million was recorded with
respect to the restructuring of Mediconsult's Canadian location and website
operations.
Approximately 100 employees were notified of terminations as
operations were curtailed in line with current demands for Mediconsult's
products.
As a result, 96 employees were terminated as of September 30, 2000 and
the remaining employees were terminated as of December 31, 2000.

         
The restructuring plan was adopted due to several related factors,
including the continued difficulty in successfully executing a consumer oriented
business model and the costs associated with maintaining and enhancing
Mediconsult's consumer web properties, including, mediconsult.com,
heartinfo.org, cyberdiet.com,storknet.com, and pharminfo.com.
Furthermore, the
capital market's change in valuation of web-based healthcare companies has made
the raising of additional capital more difficult.
As a result of these factors
we adopted the described restructuring during the quarter ended September 30,
2000.

         
Mediconsult believes that the actions taken in conjunction with the
restructuring will not adversely affect its ability to increase revenue in any
material fashion.
The cost savings associated with the restructuring should
speed Mediconsult's transition to profitability and enhance future cash flows.

It is not anticipated that the cost savings realized as a result of the
restructuring will be offset by future cost increase, unless supported by
additional revenue justifying any such future cost increases.

         
Of the total restructuring charge, of $2.8 million, payments of $0.8
million were made in the three months ended September 30, 2000.
The balance of
$2.0 million will be paid over time, with the final payments being made upon the
expiration of the lease on the Canadian offices on September 30, 2004.

         
Impairment Of Long-Lived Assets.
As a further consequence of the
factors described in the foregoing discussion of restructuring charge taken in
the third quarter of 2000, in the same period, Mediconsult realized an
impairment of long-lived assets.
A charge of approximately $8.3 million was
recorded in this period related to the write-off of the carrying value of
goodwill originally acquired with the purchase of the operations affected by the
restructuring.
Mediconsult has determined that there will be no future cash
flows associated with the goodwill.
In addition, certain fixed assets used in
the operations affected by the restructuring will be disposed of during the
fourth quarter of 2000 resulting in a charge of approximately $0.3 million to
reflect a reduction in their carrying value to approximate their fair value,
which is the estimated sales price Mediconsult will receive for the fixed
assets.
Mediconsult believes that the actions taken in conjunction with disposal
of these assets will not adversely affect its ability to increase revenue in any
material fashion.

         
The charge realized for the impairment of long-lived assets is non-cash
and will have no adverse affect on Mediconsult's future cash flows.

         
Fair Value Of Options Granted To Employees.
Mediconsult has recorded
compensation expense in connection with the vesting of employee stock options of
$40,235 during the year ended December 31, 1997, $0.3 million during the year
ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 646% over the prior year, and $2.0
million during the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 567% over the
prior year.
In the nine month period ended September 30, 2000 compensation
expense in connection with the vesting of employee stock options increased to
$1.5 million, an increase of $0.4 million or 36.3% over the expense recognized
in the nine month period ended September 30, 1999 of $1.1 million.
The increases
are attributable to an increase in the number of employees and the number of
options being granted to employees and an increase in the value of each stock
option granted.

         
Fair Value Of Options Granted To Consultants And Warrants Granted To
Third Parties.
The fair value of options and warrants granted to non-employees
for services provided are expensed over the period the services are performed in
accordance with EITF 96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued
to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or
Services."
Mediconsult recorded compensation expense in connection with stock
options and warrants granted to consultants and third parties of $0 during the
year ended December 31, 1997, $1.4 million in the year ended December 31, 1998,
and $1.8 million during the year ended December 31, 1999 (an increase of 29%
over the prior year).
The related expense increased from $1.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $1.8 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000.

         
Compensation expense represents the amortization of deferred
compensation that is measured based on the fair value of the options and
warrants granted to employees, consultants and third parties.
These amounts are
amortized over the vesting period of the applicable options.
Mediconsult has
recorded deferred compensation for the value of the options granted that have
not yet vested of $0.9 million as of December 31, 1998.
$16.1 million as of
December 31, 1999 and $8.3 million as of September 30, 1999.


Quarterly Results of Operations Data

         The following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly consolidated
statement of operations data for each of the eight quarters ended December 31,
1999.
In our opinion, this data has been prepared on substantially the same
basis as the audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report and
includes all necessary adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments necessary for fair presentation of this data.
The quarterly data
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to
these statements appearing elsewhere in this report.
The results of operations
for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for
any future period.

         
Mediconsult has limited operating history upon which to evaluate its
business and predict revenue and planned operating expenses.
Mediconsult's
quarterly operating results may vary significantly in the foreseeable future due
to a variety of factors, many of which are outside its control.
The timing of
its marketing program and electronic medical education product sales are two of
the most significant factors

affecting quarterly results.
The time between the date of initial contact with a
potential client and the execution of a contract with the client typically
ranges from six weeks for smaller agreements nine months for larger agreements.

These contracts are also subject to delays over which Mediconsult has little or
no control, including customers budgetary constraints, their internal acceptance
reviews whether or when regulatory approval of their products is given by the
Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory authority, the possibility of
cancellation or delay of projects by clients and any post-approval actions taken
by the FDA or other regulatory authority, including product recalls.
During the
selling process, Mediconsult may expend substantial funds and management
resources and yet not obtain adequate revenue.
Once a contract is executed, a
significant portion of Mediconsult's revenue may be derived from custom
development efforts and implementation projects, rather than from recurring
fees.
As a result, Mediconsult cannot predict with certainty when it will
perform the work necessary to receive payment for these projects.
In addition,
traffic levels on websites have typically fluctuated during the summer, and
during year-end and holiday periods, and Mediconsult could experience a decrease
in visitor traffic to its websites during these periods.

                                                                              
Quarter Ended
                                                                               (unaudited)
                                                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Mar. 31,          Jun. 30,        Sept. 30,        Dec. 31,
                                                          1998              1998             1998            1998
                                                     ---------------    
-------------    -------------    ------------
                                                                              (in thousands)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
DATA:
Revenues                                             $       206        $       215      $     238        $     372
                                                     ---------------    -------------    -------------    ------------
Operating Expenses:
     Product and content development                         250                260            401              405
     Marketing, sales and client services                    189                492            234              896
     General and administrative                              171                137            183              435
     Depreciation and amortization                            39                126             45               46
     Fair value of options granted to                         39                 30             26              180
     employees
     Fair value of warrants granted to
     third parties                                            --                 --             --            1,354
                                                     ---------------    -------------    -------------    ------------
     Total operating expenses                                688              1,045            889            3,317
                                                     ---------------    
-------------    -------------    ------------
Loss from operations                                        (482)              (830)          (651)          (2,945)
Interest Income
                                                               --                 --             --               --
                                                     ---------------    -------------    -------------    ------------
Net loss                                             $      (482)       $      (830)     $    (651)       $  (2,945)


Net loss per share                                   $     (0.03)       $     (0.05)     $   (0.04)       $   (0.16)
                                                     ===============    =============    =============    ============

         In 1999, due to various factors the quarters ended March 31, June 30,
and September 30, 1999, were revised, after the initial filings were made.
The
following tables provide the Quarterly Results of Operations Data for each
quarter of 1999, as originally filed and as revised, including the effect of the
revisions.

                                                                          
Quarter Ended
                                                                           (unaudited)
                                                               ------------------------------------
                                                                  Mar. 31,            Mar. 31,
                                                                    1999                1999
                                                               ----------------    
----------------
                                                               (as reported)          (revised)

                                                                         (in thousands)
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues                                                       $        700        $        487
Operating Expenses:
     Product and content development                                    752                 905
     Marketing, sales and client services                               738                 738
     General and administrative                                         825                 656
     Depreciation and amortization                                      119                 119
     Fair value of options granted to
     employees                                                          191                 152
     Fair value of warrants granted to third
     parties                                                             --                  --
                                                               ----------------    
----------------
     Total operating expenses                                         2,625               2,570
Loss from operations                                                (1,924)             (2,083)
Interest income                                                          --                  --
Net loss                                                       $    (1,924)             (2,083)
Dividends on preferred stock                                             --                  --
Net loss attributable to common stockholders                   $    (1,924)            $(3,028)
Net loss per share                                             $     (0.10)        $     (0.16)
                                                               
================    ================

The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended March 31, 1999 was as follows:

                                                                             
Effect on Net Loss
                                                                           ------------------------
                                                                               (in thousands)

Reduction of Revenue                                                       $           (214)
Reflect dividends on preferred stock (1)                                               (946)
Fair value of options granted to employees                                                40

Other net decrease in operating expenses                                                  16
                                                                           ------------------------

         Total effect                                                      $         (1,104)
                                                                           ========================

(1) Amount is reflected as an increase to net loss
attributable to common shareholders.

                                                                          
Quarter Ended
                                                                           (unaudited)
                                                               ------------------------------------
                                                                  Jun 30,              Jun. 30,
                                                                   1999                 1999
                                                               -------------       
----------------
                                                               (as reported)          (revised)
                                                                         (in thousands)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues                                                       $    1,203          $      812
Operating Expenses:
     Product and content development                                1,368               1,368
     Marketing, sales and client services                             837                 837
     General and administrative                                       649                 830
     Depreciation and amortization                                    388                 388
     Fair value of options granted to employees                       384                 391
     Fair value of warrants granted to third parties                2,269               1,498
     Total operating expenses                                       5,896               5,312
                                                               -------------       ----------------
Loss from operations                                               (4,693)             (4,500)
Interest income                                                       576                 576
                                                               -------------       
----------------
Net loss                                                           (4,117)             (3,924)
Dividends on preferred stock                                           --                  --
                                                               -------------       ----------------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders                   $   (4,117)         $   (3,924)

Net loss per share                                             $    (0.15)         $    (0.14)
                                                               =============       ================

The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended June 30, 1999 was as follows:

                                                                             Effect on Net Loss
                                                                           ------------------------
                                                                                Quarter Ended
                                                                                  06/30/99
                                                                               (in thousands)

Reduction of Revenue                                                       $           (391)
Fair value of options granted to employees                                               (7)
Fair value of warrants granted to consultants                                            771
Other net decrease in operating expenses                                               (180)
                                                                           ------------------------

         Total effect                                                      $             193
                                                                           ========================

                                                                          Quarter Ended
                                                                           (unaudited)
                                                               ------------------------------------
                                                                 Sep. 30,             Sep. 30,
                                                                   1999                 1999
                                                               -------------       
----------------
                                                               (as reported)         (revised)
                                                                         (in thousands)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues                                                       $      1,984        $      2,416
Operating Expenses:
     Product and content development                                  2,369               2,369
     Marketing, sales and client services                             2,764               6,087
     General and administrative                                       1,225               1,847
     Depreciation and amortization                                      885                 885
     Fair value of options granted to employees                       1,120                 517
     Fair value of warrants granted to third parties                     --                 210
                                                               -------------       ----------------
     Total operating expenses                                         8,364              11,915
                                                               -------------       ----------------
Loss from operations                                                (6,379)             (9,499)
Interest income                                                         592                 592
                                                               -------------       
----------------
Net loss                                                            (5,787)             (8,907)
Dividends on preferred stock                                             --                  --
                                                               -------------       ----------------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders                   $    (5,787)        $    (8,907)

Net loss per share                                             $     (0.20)        $     (0.31)
                                                               =============       ================

The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended September 30, 1999 was as
follows:

                                                                             Effect on Net Loss
                                                                           ------------------------
                                                                                Quarter Ended
                                                                                  09/30/99
                                                                               (in thousands)

Increase in (reduction of) revenue                                         $             432
Fair value of options granted to employees                                               603
Fair value of warrant granted to consultants                                           (210)

Expense amounts related to Pharma Marketing LLC                                      (3,323)
Other net decrease in operating expenses                                               (622)
                                                                           
------------------------

         Total effect                                                      $         (3,120)
                                                                           
========================

                                                                           Quarter Ended
                                                                            (unaudited)
                                                                           Dec. 31, 1999
                                                                     --------------------------
                                                                          (in thousands)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues                                                             $          2,647
Operating Expenses:
     Product and content development                                            2,933
     Marketing, sales and client services                                       4,273
     General and administrative                                                 3,723
     Depreciation and amortization                                              2,366
     Fair value of options granted to employees                                   970
     Fair value of warrants granted to third parties                              126
                                                                     --------------------------
     Total operating expenses                                                  14,391
                                                                     --------------------------
Loss from operations                                                         (11,744)
Interest income                                                                   374
                                                                     --------------------------
Net loss                                                                     (11,370)
Dividends on preferred stock                                                       --
                                                                     --------------------------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders                         $       (11,370)
Net loss per share                                                   $         (0.35)
                                                                     ==========================

                                                                                 Quarter Ended
                                                                                  (unaudited)
                                                          -------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              Mar. 31,             Jun. 30,             Sept. 30,
                                                                2000                 2000                  2000
                                                          -----------------     ----------------    -------------------
                                                                                 (in thousands)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
DATA:
Revenues                                                  $   6,224,191         $   4,539,703       $     6,507,105
                                                          -----------------     ----------------    -------------------
Operating Expenses:
    Product and content development                           8,016,917             7,084,828             4,651,665
    Marketing, sales and client services                      4,975,119             3,327,309             3,841,144
    General and administrative                                1,998,060            2,0238,218             1,643,070
    Depreciation and amortization                            10,739,314            11,118,802            10,581,923
    Restructuring Charge                                             --                    --                    --
    Charge for impairment of long-lived assets                       --                    --             8,557,690
    Fair value of options granted to employees                  682,344               952,214               (98,212)
    Fair value of warrants granted to third parties             493,697             1,090,000               221,650
                                                          -----------------     ----------------    -------------------
    Total operating expenses                                 26,905,451            25,611,371            32,229,529
                                                          -----------------     ----------------    -------------------
Loss from operations                                        (20,681,260)          (21,071,668)          (25,722,424)
Interest income (expense), net                                  142,689                38,261               (58,578)
Net loss                                                  $ (20,538,571)        $ (21,033,407)      $   (25,781,002)
Net loss per share                                        $       (0.41)        $       (0.40)      $         (0.48)
                                                          =================     ================    ===================

Liquidity and Capital Resources

         Since inception, Mediconsult has financed operations primarily through
the public and private placement of equity securities and advances from its
principal stockholder.
Mediconsult's most significant financing transaction was
a public offering completed in April 1999 which raised net proceeds to
Mediconsult of $57 million.
As of December 31, 1999, Mediconsult had $22.3
million in cash and cash equivalents compared to $0.1 million at December 31,
1998.
In May 2000, Mediconsult received $6.5 million in proceeds from a
placement of equity securities to McKesson HBOC, Inc.
As of September 30, 2000,
the cash and cash equivalents balance was $0.9 million.

         
Mediconsult has incurred substantial costs to design, develop and
implement Internet-based marketing and advertising programs for clients, to
build brand awareness and to grow its business.
As a result, Mediconsult has
incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in each
quarter since commencing operations.
As of September 30, 2000, Mediconsult had
an accumulated deficit of $102.0 million.
These losses have been primarily
funded through the financing activities described above and by advances
aggregating $5.1 million by a stockholder, an entity controlled by Robert A.
Jennings, Mediconsult's former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Approximately $0.5 million of these advances were repaid and $4.3 million
converted to equity in 1999.
The balance was repaid in April, 2000.

         
To date, Mediconsult has experienced negative cash flows from operating
activities.
For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash used in operating
activities was $2.5 million.
For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash used
in operating activities was $2.7 million.
For the year ended December 31, 1999,
net cash used in operating activities was $14.4 million.
Net cash used in
operating activities for these periods was primarily attributable to net losses
during these periods offset by certain non-cash expenses.
For the year ended
December 31, 1999, the increase in net cash used in operating activities was
attributable to a net operating loss of $26.3 million, offset by certain
non-cash items of $11.9 million in the aggregate.
This amount was comprised of
deferred compensation expense of $3.9 million related to stock options and
warrants granted to employees and consultants, depreciation of $0.6 million,
amortization of intangibles of $3.1 million, amortization of deferred
compensation related to shares issued for services and membership in Pharma
Marketing LLC of $1.5 million and net changes in operating working capital of
$2.8 million.
Net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended
September 30,1999 was $10.3 million, compared to net cash used in operating
activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 of $21.9 million.

This increase in cash used was primarily attributable to net losses during this
period, which were partially offset by certain non-cash items of $49.6 million.

This amount was comprised of depreciation and amortization of $32.4 million,
services rendered in exchange for common stock of $2.0 million, restructuring
charges of $2.8 million, impairment of long-lived assets of $8.6 million, and
warrants granted to consultants and employees of $6.7 million.
Net cash used
reflected several factors, including (1) increased operating expenses as our
business volume increased; (2) an increase in accounts receivable of $4.7
million; and (3) decreases in accounts payable of $3.3 million.

         
For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash used in investing
activities was $0.1 million.
For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash used
in investing activities was $30,225.
For the year ended December 31, 1999, net
cash used in investing activities was $23.7 million.
Cash used in investing
activities during 1997 and 1998 related to capital expenditures, primarily the
acquisition of equipment.
In 1999, the balance was comprised of $2.4 million of
capital expenditures and $21.3 million on acquisition of subsidiaries, net of
cash acquired of $.2 million.
Net cash used in investing activities during the
nine months ended September 30,1999 was $15.7 million, compared to net cash used
in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 of $4.0
million.
This decrease in cash used was primarily attributable to the reduction
of acquisition activity and was partially offset by increased fixed asset
purchases.

         
For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash provided by financing
activities was $2.6 million.
For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash
provided by financing activities was $2.4

million.
For the year ended December 31, 1999, net cash provided by financing
activities was $60.3 million.
Net cash proceeds from financing activities in
1997 and 1998 were primarily attributable to net proceeds received from
unsecured advances from a stockholder in the aggregate amount of $2.6 million in
1997 and $2.2 million in 1998.
By December 31, 1999, $4.3 million of the cash
advances from a stockholder made prior to that date had been converted into
junior preferred stock.
Net cash provided by financing activities in 1999
comprised $57 million from the issuance of common stock and $3.2 million from
the issuance of senior preferred stock that was subsequently converted to common
stock.
We also had net repayments of $0.2 million to a stockholder in 1999 and
realized $0.3 million from the exercise of stock options.
Net cash provided by
financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 was $4.5
million.
The net cash provided by financing activities in the nine months ended
September 30, 2000 was the result of a $6.5 million private placement of
Mediconsult common stock to McKesson HBOC, Inc. in May 2000.

         
As of December 31, 1999, Mediconsult had no principal capital
commitments outstanding.
During 2000, Mediconsult expects to repay $5.0 million
of notes payable.
In addition, at December 31, 1999 Mediconsult had lease
obligations totaling $1,266,000, as more specifically set forth below:

                Year                         Lease Obligations
                ----                         -----------------
                2000                                $434,000
                2001                                 227,000
                2002                                 227,000
                2003                                 218,000
                2004                                 160,000
                                                ------------
      Total lease obligations                     $1,266,000

         Subsequent to December 31, 1999, Mediconsult has entered into
additional lease agreements which will increase its lease obligations in 2000,
2001, 2002, 2003, and 2004, by $801,567, $915,156, $915,156, $228,789, and $0,
respectively.

         
In connection with its sponsorship and management of INCIID.ORG,
Mediconsult has committed to pay INCIID $0.5 million per year beginning in 1999
for three years in equal quarterly installments, in cash or common stock as
Mediconsult determines with respect to each quarter.

         
Mediconsult's ability to generate significant revenue is uncertain.

Mediconsult incurred net losses of approximately $2.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 1997, $4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1998 and $26.3
million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Mediconsult incurred net losses
attributable to common stockholders of approximately $67.4 million and $15.9
million for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2000 and September 30,
1999, respectively.
Mediconsult expects losses from operations and negative cash
flow to continue for the foreseeable future and at least through the year 2000
as a result of its expansion plans and expectations that operating expenses will
increase in the next several years.
The rate at which these losses will be
incurred may increase from current levels.
Although Mediconsult has experienced
revenue growth in recent periods, its revenue may not remain at current levels
or increase in the future.
If its revenue does not increase and if spending
levels are not adjusted accordingly, Mediconsult may not generate sufficient
revenue to achieve profitability, which would have a material adverse effect on
its business, financial condition and results of operations.
Even if Mediconsult
achieves profitability, it may not sustain or increase profitability on a
quarterly or annual basis in the future.

         
Mediconsult's working capital requirements depend on numerous factors.

Mediconsult has experienced a substantial increase in expenditures since
inception consistent with growth in its operations and staffing, and anticipates
that this will continue for the foreseeable future.
Mediconsult anticipates
incurring additional expenses to increase its marketing and sales efforts, for
new product and content development and for technology and infrastructure
development.
Additionally, Mediconsult will continue to evaluate possible
investments in businesses, products and technologies, the expansion of our
marketing and sales programs and more aggressive brand promotions.
If
Mediconsult experiences a shortfall in

revenue in relation to expenses, or if its expenses precede increased revenue,
its business, financial condition and results of operation and could be
materially and adversely affected.

         
Mediconsult has incurred significant losses and negative cash flow from
operations during the nine-months ended September 30, 2000 and expects these
conditions to continue for the foreseeable future.
In addition, Mediconsult is
in default on notes payable which were due on October 31, 2000.
Mediconsult has
negative working capital and needs additional capital to fund operations and
liquidate liabilities in the ordinary course of business during the year ending
December 31, 2001.
Management's current plan, which is discussed in greater
detail below, includes merging with Andrx Corporation.
In the event
Mediconsult's planned merger with Andrx is not completed or if it is otherwise
unable to obtain needed capital on appropriate terms, operations would need to
be significantly scaled back or discontinued.

         
In January 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors approved a merger
agreement with Andrx Corporation, under which Mediconsult will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation.

         
Under the merger agreement, each share of Mediconsult common stock,
issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger
will automatically convert into 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject
to adjustment.
In addition, options and warrants to acquire Mediconsult common
stock outstanding immediately before the effective time of the merger will be
assumed by Andrx Corporation and converted into options and warrants to acquire
Cybear tracking stock at the rate of 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock,
subject to adjustment.
The Cybear tracking stock is a class of Andrx common
stock designed to track the financial performance of Andrx Corporation's
Internet assets, which are referred to as Cybear.

         
In connection with the merger, Mediconsult entered into a credit
agreement with Cybear Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation,
whereby, Cybear Inc. agreed to provide Mediconsult with up to $2.0 million in
interim financing to fund its operating activities until the effective time of
the merger.
Amounts borrowed under such credit agreement are due on July 15,
2001, and collateralized by all of the outstanding common stock of Physicians
Online.
In the event that the merger agreement is terminated, the amount due is
convertible into shares of Mediconsult common stock at a conversion price of
$0.125 per share.
In addition, Mediconsult issued Cybear Inc. a warrant to
purchase 8,926,502 shares of Mediconsult common stock at an exercise price of
$0.125 per share, exercisable up to January 9, 2006 but only in the event that
the merger agreement is terminated and Mediconsult is obligated to pay the $1.0
million termination fee.

         
In the event that the merger is terminated under certain conditions
defined in the agreement, the breaching party will pay the other party a
termination fee of $750,000.
In the event that the merger agreement is
terminated certain conditions defined in the merger agreement, Andrx will
receive a termination fee of $1.0 million, in addition to the issuance of a
warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of the then outstanding capital stock of
Mediconsult.

         
Although a significant portion of Mediconsult's revenue is derived from
activities conducted outside the United States, fees paid to Mediconsult have
been and are expected to continue to be paid in U.S. dollars.
However, a
substantial portion of Mediconsult's payroll is paid, and it is expected that
rent under leases of office facilities outside the United States will be paid,
in currencies other than U.S. dollars.
Because its financial results are
reported in U.S. dollars, they are affected by changes in the value of the
various foreign currencies in which Mediconsult makes payments in relation to
the U.S. dollar.
Mediconsult does not cover known or anticipated operating
exposures through foreign currency exchange option or forward contracts.
The
primary currency for which Mediconsult has foreign currency exchange rate
exposure is the Canadian dollar.
Mediconsult's financial instruments, including
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities and advances from shareholder are carried at cost, which
approximates their fair value because of the short-term maturity of these
instruments.


Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Mediconsult's management believes that the future adoption of recently issued
accounting standards will not have a material impact on Mediconsult's financial
statements, except that Mediconsult is currently evaluating the future impact
that Staff Accounting Bulletin 101, Revenue Recognition", issued in December
1999 by the Securities and Exchange Commission, will have on its financial
statements.

                             
BUSINESS OF MEDICONSULT

Overview

         Mediconsult was founded as a Delaware corporation in 1996.
It uses the
Internet to educate and connect doctors and patients.
Mediconsult's web
communities and interactive solutions educate physicians, empower patients and
enable more effective doctor-patient relationships.
Mediconsult provides
relevant tools, reliable services and quality medical information, that save
doctors time and improve health outcomes for their patients.

         
Mediconsult focus is on the chronic medical conditions that are
responsible for the majority of healthcare spending.
By fostering communities
centered on prevalent medical conditions and health issues, Mediconsult believes
it creates significant opportunities for pharmaceutical and other healthcare
companies to effectively reach physician and patient audiences using
Internet-based educational, marketing and sponsorship programs.

         
On December 16, 1999, Mediconsult completed the acquisition of
Physicians' Online, Inc., a physicians-only Internet service that provides
doctors with clinically oriented services, tools, and information.
It is a
secure, physicians-only environment featuring access to clinical discussion
groups, medical databases, daily medical news, continuing medical education
credits, clinical symposia, e-mail accounts, Internet access, secure
prescription transactions, market research and recruiting services, among other
services.
Membership is free so long as the member does not use Physicians'
Online as its Internet Service Provider.
Physicians' Online's services are
principally supported by pharmaceutical and direct-to-physician advertising
sponsors as well as subscription fees from its members using it as an Internet
Service Provider and MDDirect, a physician recruitment business.

         
Mediconsult address is 560 White Plains Road, 4th Floor, Tarrytown, NY
10591.
Its telephone number is (914) 332-6100 and its principal websites are
www.mediconsultinc.com and www.pol.net.
Information contained on its websites is
not, and should not be deemed to be, a part of this proxy statement/prospectus.


Industry Background

         As consumers have become more proactive in their personal healthcare
decisions, they have increasingly searched for information about medical
conditions, treatment alternatives and medical outcomes.
This trend has also
accelerated the use and acceptance of the Internet by healthcare providers.
The
Internet enables individuals, whether patients or healthcare professionals, to
access large quantities of this information quickly and easily.
With this growth
in healthcare information available online, and the ubiquity of the Internet,
physicians and other healthcare professionals have begun to accept the Internet
as a tool enabling them to more effectively and efficiently provide healthcare
to their patients.

         
The Rapid Growth Of The Internet.
The growth of the Internet as a new
means of communicating, accessing information and engaging in commerce has been
rapid and is expected to accelerate.
Jupiter Communications estimates that the
number of Internet users worldwide will grow to approximately 250 million by the
end of 2002.
This growth is being driven by a number of factors, including a
growing base of personal computers in the home and workplace, improvements in
network infrastructure, more convenient, faster and inexpensive Internet access,
technological advances in PCs and modems, increased quantity and quality of
content available on the Internet and the overall increased public awareness of
the Internet.
Due to its large audience, the Internet represents a significant
channel for advertisers.

         
The Interactive Nature Of The Internet.
The Internet provides an
effective method for individuals to access large quantities of reliable and
independent information on medical conditions, treatment alternatives and
medical outcomes.
Mediconsult believes that access to this information, together
with support groups and interaction with medical experts on-line, leads to a
greater understanding of health

issues and improved patient compliance with pharmaceutical protocols.
The
Internet also provides an attractive vehicle for pharmaceutical and other
healthcare companies to increase consumers' awareness of diagnosed and
undiagnosed medical conditions and treatment options.
The Internet allows
pharmaceutical companies to easily provide information targeted to visitors'
needs, which may lead to improved patient compliance with prescribed drug
therapies.
It has been estimated that 10% of prescriptions are never filled, 33%
are not properly refilled and 50% are not taken as prescribed, resulting in
poorer health outcomes for patients and increased expenditures to the overall
healthcare system.

         
Advertising On The Internet.
The Internet's interactive nature, coupled
with the demographics of the Internet healthcare user, makes the Internet an
attractive vehicle for both direct-to-consumer and direct-to-healthcare
professional advertising of prescription pharmaceuticals.
Mediconsult believes
that the Internet will capture an increasing portion of this market as
pharmaceutical companies recognize the value of this medium for their products.

         
Delivery Of Medical Education Over The Internet.
The Internet's
interactive nature and the ability to access the medium from home, office and
many other locations makes the Internet a viable alternative to existing methods
of delivering medical education to healthcare professionals.
Mediconsult
believes that the Internet will capture an increasing portion of spending for
medical education as pharmaceutical companies recognize the Internet as a
reliable, cost-effective alternative to traditional methods of delivering
medical education to healthcare professionals.


The Solution

         Through its websites, Mediconsult addresses physicians and consumers'
needs for healthcare information and provides a targeted marketing and
advertising platform for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies.
Key
elements of this solution include:

         High Quality Trusted Content; User-Friendly Environment.
Mediconsult
provides its visitors with high quality content on specific medical conditions
and health issues and an easy-to-navigate environment.
Its staff searches for
and reviews extensive amounts of health information and selects relevant
material from a wide variety of sources, including medical journals, healthcare
association literature and general periodicals.

         
Large, Highly Targeted Audience.
Mediconsult's websites are designed to
attract a highly desirable target audience of healthcare professionals and
patients for pharmaceutical manufacturers and other healthcare companies.

Mediconsult has developed a sophisticated, integrated database of demographic
information about healthcare professionals' and patients' needs, habits,
preferences and intentions.
Mediconsult is able to identify its visitor traffic
patterns by condition or health issue, which provides relevant information for
clients seeking to target an audience for a particular pharmaceutical product or
condition.

         
Broad, Sophisticated Internet Healthcare Marketing And Advertising
Programs.
Mediconsult designs, develops, and implements broad, sophisticated
Internet compliance, launch, marketing and direct-to-consumer advertising
programs for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies and provides ongoing
support services as part of these programs.
Mediconsult utilizes its extensive
knowledge of the Internet healthcare user and its high quality, focused content
to effectively design and develop programs focused on a particular product or
health issue.
These programs incorporate one or more of a broad spectrum of
Internet-based tools and products ranging from condition diagnosis tools, to
targeted site sponsorships, to customized websites containing relevant content
from its websites.
In addition, Mediconsult delivers high quality, real-time
interactive medical education programs via the Internet.


Mediconsult Strategy

         Effective upon its acquisition of Physicians' Online, Mediconsult
changed its business strategy and announced that it would no longer be selling
banner advertisements on its patient-focused websites.


Mediconsult is now primarily focused on physicians as the driving force of most
healthcare spending.
Mediconsult operates the first and one of the most active
online network of physicians -- Physicians' Online.
Physicians' Online has been
operating since 1992.
The Physicians' Online network offers a number of services
and tools for physicians that focus on the physician's on-line clinical needs,
including:

         o  journal articles;
         o  medical associations;
         o  medical news;
         o  practice management tools;
         o  continuing medical education;
         o  discussion forums;
         o  e-mail;
         o  Internet access;
         o  recruitment services;
         o  build-a-website;
         o  Rx sample ordering; and
         o  e-commerce.

         
The Physicians' Online network is accessible only by members that have
been authenticated as practicing U.S.-based physicians prior to their entering
the site.
The authentication process requires the physician to provide personal
information that is then matched to the American Medical Association database,
or to provide other appropriate documentation like a medical license, for
example, via fax.
Once the physician has been authenticated, Mediconsult
provides him or her with a username and password to use each time they visit the
network.

         
Physicians' Online operated an ISP as an additional service to its
members.
Historically, approximately half of Physicians' Online's active members
accessed the service through the Physicians' Online ISP.
However, in the Fall of
2000, Mediconsult announced a strategic alliance with AT&T Internet Services to
provide Internet access to the Physicians' Online membership.
Since this
announcement, the number of Physicians' Online members accessing the Physicians'
Online Website has declined rapidly as they migrated to other methods of
accessing the Internet.
Effective January 31, 2001, the Physicians' Online ISP
will be terminated and all members will be required to access the site via other
ISPs.

         
The most popular features of the Physicians' Online site are the
clinical discussion forums, medical literature searches and e-mail.
There are
more than 35,000 active discussion `threads' on Physicians' Online.
Members can
post clinical information about a difficult case and receive advice from their
colleagues.

         
As a result of the Physicians' Online merger, Mediconsult has one of
the largest authenticated, physicians-only audiences, combined with one of the
largest patient audiences.
This asset allows Mediconsult to focus more intently
on the opportunities in areas such as electronic medical education, as evidenced
by its September 1999 agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb, and physician
programs such as the Mydoctor.com initiative which allows a Physicians'
Online-member physician to create his or her own custom website in only minutes.

         
In the patient healthcare arena, Mediconsult's primary focus
historically was the design, development and implementation of interactive
solutions that educated physicians, empowered patients and enabled a more
effective physician/patient relationship.
Mediconsult continues to create and
maintain communities of doctors and patients and specialize in enabling
communication between members of these two distinct communities.
However, since
July 2000, when Mediconsult announced the discontinuance of its patient-oriented
websites, the importance of direct-to-consumer advertising programs has
diminished substantially.
Mediconsult has announced its intent to sell these
consumer sites and has completed the sale of heartinfo.org, cyberdiet.com and
storcknet.com.
The sale of the Mood Sciences website and assets is pending.

         
Broaden Relationships With Pharmaceutical Companies.
Mediconsult seeks
to broaden relationships with pharmaceutical companies in several ways.
It
attempts to expand relationships with existing clients to broaden the number of
programs, both in terms of number of products and types of client services,
provided to them.
For example, Mediconsult's work with the Ethicon Endo-Surgery
unit of Johnson & Johnson as a discussion group sponsor has led to other
opportunities to expand its services within Johnson & Johnson.
Mediconsult also
continues to actively pursue a number of additional major pharmaceutical
companies and other healthcare clients with proposals tailored to their specific
products and marketing strategies.

         
Build Strong Brand Awareness.
Mediconsult believes that establishing
brand awareness is critical to attracting and retaining visitors and
advertisers.
Mediconsult seeks to build its brand by creating a superior visitor
experience and creating broad awareness of its name as the trusted, secure,
on-line source for healthcare information for healthcare professionals and their
patients.


Products and Services

         Physician-Oriented Products and Services

         Mediconsult primarily designs and develops physician-oriented programs.

These include programs such as electronic medical education, and the
Mydoctor.com suite of products to physicians and patients.
Through Physicians'
Online, Mediconsult also offers secure physician-only communities that allow
medical professionals to openly discuss clinical issues and outcomes, and other
services designed to facilitate the physician/patient relationship.

         
Marketing and Advertising Programs

         Mediconsult designs, develops and implements sophisticated on-line
marketing and advertising programs for pharmaceutical and other healthcare
companies.
These programs are intended to educate physicians and patients on
particular medical conditions, increase their awareness of treatment options,
describe the benefits of various treatments and generally increase compliance
with treatment protocols.
Mediconsult's programs include:

         o  condition-specific site sponsorships, visitor polls and surveys, to
            build brand awareness;

         o  condition-specific content, to educate the targeted visitor group;

         o  calls to action and other visitor interactions, such as requests for
            product samples;

         o  design and development of customized websites focused on a
            particular product, treatment or medical condition; and

         o  development of product positioning strategies and initiation of
            on-line program launches.


Joint Ventures, Strategic Acquisitions and Relationships

         Joint Ventures

         In February 1999, Mediconsult entered into a memorandum of agreement to
form a 50/50 joint venture with CommonHealth LLP.
The venture was intended to
focus on providing pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies with innovative
approaches to marketing their products in comprehensive marketing and
advertising campaigns containing both significant Internet components and
traditional media such as, print, television and direct marketing.
Based upon
changed strategic focus, the documentation to finalize the venture was not
completed, and during 1999, CommonHealth and Mediconsult agreed to terminate the
relationship.

         
Strategic Acquisitions and Sponsorship Programs

         In the past Mediconsult grew its consumer oriented businesses through
strategic acquisitions and agreements.
In July 2000, Mediconsult announced the
discontinuation of its consumer oriented businesses.
This announcement led to
the sale of several websites and their associated assets and the termination of
active updating and marketing of the other consumer websites.
These transactions
and their current status is as follows:

         Inciid.org. Inciid.org is a website providing information on
infertility.
In February 1999, Mediconsult entered into an exclusive sponsorship
agreement with the InterNational Counsel of Infertility Information
Dissemination, a not-for-profit organization, relating to INCIID.ORG and
granting Mediconsult the sole right to place advertisements on the website, to
link traffic, and manage the content on the website.
This relationship has been
terminated by Mediconsult and is the subject of a pending arbitration
proceeding.

         
Cyberdiet.com. Cyberdiet.com is a website providing tailored
nutritional information and programs.
On May 11, 1999, Mediconsult completed the
acquisition of CyberDiet, Inc., the owner of cyberdiet.com which provides
tailored nutritional information and programs, in exchange for 400,000 shares of
its common stock issued to the former shareholders of CyberDiet.
The total
purchase price, including acquisition costs and assumption of net liabilities,
was $2.8 million.
The fair value of shares provided as consideration was
determined by the market price of the shares at the announcement date, February
25, 1999.
The excess of the purchase price over net assets acquired was recorded
as goodwill and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over five years.
The
cyberdiet.com website and certain related assets were sold to Dietwatch.com,
Inc. in December 2000 in exchange for $250,000 and DietWatch.com stock valued at
$1.0 million.

         
Cyber-tech, Inc.
Cyber-tech is a company that has developed and
provides high quality content and tools focused on heart disease and related
areas that have attracted a large and growing number of visitors to the
www.heartinfo.org website.
On June 14, 1999, Mediconsult acquired all of the
capital stock of Cyber-Tech.
The consideration paid to Cyber-Tech shareholders
consisted of $3,765,000 in cash and 267,732 shares of Mediconsult common stock.

Mediconsult and the shareholders of Cyber-Tech also entered into an escrow
agreement with respect to certain of the shares of Mediconsult common stock
issued to the former Cyber-Tech shareholders.
The total transaction value,
including acquisition costs, was $7.6 million.
The fair value of shares provided
as consideration was determined by the market price of the shares at the
transaction date.
The excess of the purchase price over net assets acquired was
allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets.
Goodwill and other intangible
assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful
life of three to five years.
Certain assets of Cyber-Tech, including the
heartinfo.org website were sold to Quadrant Healthcom in November 2000.

         
Mood Sciences, Inc.
Mood Sciences is a company that specializes in
mental health disease management innovations.
Mood Sciences was acquired on
October 27, 1999, in exchange for 215,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock.

The total purchase price, including acquisition costs of $0.2 million and
assumption of net liabilities of $0.2 million, was $1.9 million.
The fair value
of shares provided as consideration was determined by the market price of the
shares at the transaction date.
The excess of the purchase price over net assets
acquired was recorded as goodwill and is being amortized on a straight-line
basis over five years.
Mediconsult is currently completing negotiations to sell
substantially all of the assets of Mood Sciences to the founder of Mood
Sciences.
Mediconsult expects to complete this transaction in the first quarter
of 2001.

         
Physicians' Online, Inc. Physicians' Online is a company with more
authenticated doctor-users than most other medical website.
On December 16,
1999, Mediconsult acquired the shares of Physicians' Online, a provider of an
exclusive network for physicians in addition to on-line medical information and
communications.
Physicians' Online operates a secure, physicians-only
environment featuring access to medical databases, daily medical news,
continuing medical education credits, clinical symposia, e-mail accounts,
Internet access, and other services.
As consideration for the acquisition,
Mediconsult issued

approximately 18.5 million shares of Mediconsult common stock.
The total value
of consideration was $183.1 million, including the assumption of debt and
acquisition costs.
Identifiable intangible assets resulting from the transaction
are amortized over periods ranging from three to five years.


Sales and Marketing

         Until September 1999, Mediconsult's sales and marketing was managed
entirely by Mediconsult employees.
In September 1999, Mediconsult entered into a
relationship with Pharma Marketing, LLC under which responsibility for sales and
marketing of certain aspects of its business to pharmaceutical companies is
managed by this newly formed company.
Marketing and program design continue to
be managed by its own employees.

         
Pharma Marketing is a marketing company formed in September 1999 which,
as its only business, conducts sales and marketing activities on behalf of
Mediconsult.
On September 7, 1999, Mediconsult entered into a membership
investment agreement for the purchase of 35% of the aggregate membership
interests of Pharma Marketing for $1,250,000 and 200,000 shares of Mediconsult
common stock.
The remaining 65% of Pharma Marketing is owned by a certain
individual.
Under the terms of an operating agreement with and among
Mediconsult, Pharma Marketing and the individual, the $1,250,000 contributed by
Mediconsult and 100,000 of the 200,000 shares that Mediconsult issued to Pharma
Marketing, were distributed to this individual in September 1999.
In September
2000, the remaining 100,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock were distributed
to this individual.

         
Mediconsult generally seeks to hire individuals with significant
experience in program design, marketing and from the Internet and healthcare
industries.


Infrastructure, Operations and Technology

         Mediconsult's operating infrastructure has been designed and
implemented to support the reliable and swift delivery of hundreds of thousands
of page views a day.
The design of its websites allows for growth into millions
of page views per day.
Web pages are generated and delivered, in response to
visitors' requests by any one of multiple web servers.
Key attributes of this
infrastructure include scalability, performance and service availability.

         
Mediconsult has deployed a standard production and development server
environment utilizing standard software solutions running on generally available
server hardware platforms.
Mediconsult is currently transitioning its systems
hosted at various offsite facilities to an in-house software environment to be
located in the United States in its Tarrytown, NY facilities.
Its web-based
software systems use standard, off-the-shelf software components.
Mediconsult's
strategy is to license and integrate "best-of-breed" commercially available
technology from industry leaders such as IBM, Sun Microsystems and Microsoft
whenever possible.
Mediconsult believes this architecture will allow it to
increase rapidly the scale of its systems in a cost-effective manner.

         
Mediconsult's production data is copied to backup tapes each night and
stored at a third party, off-site storage facility.
Mediconsult does not have a
comprehensive disaster recovery plan but is in the process of developing such a
plan to respond to system failures.
Mediconsult has engaged International
Computer Security Associates to conduct a security audit of its systems.
Strict
password management and physical security measures are followed.


Competition

         There are many companies that provide Internet and non-Internet based
education, content, marketing and advertising services to the healthcare
industry.
All of these companies compete with Mediconsult for clients, and
Internet healthcare companies also compete with it for visitor traffic.

Mediconsult expects competition to continue to increase as there are no
substantial barriers to entry in its markets.
Increased competition could result
in reductions in the fees Mediconsult receives for its services,

lower margins, loss of clients, reduced visitor traffic to its websites, or loss
of market share.
Any of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect
its business, financial condition and results of operations.
Competition is also
likely to increase significantly, not only as new entities enter the market, but
also as current competitors expand their services.
Mediconsult's principal
competitors include:

         o  advertising agencies and consulting firms, such as Young & Rubicam
            and Agency.com, that develop marketing and advertising programs for
            pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies;

         o  websites that deliver consumer and professional healthcare
            information, either as their sole focus or as part of a more
            broadly-based site, such as iVillage, OnHealth, WebMD, and Medscape;

         o  Other, larger companies that either have entered the Internet
            healthcare markets or have announced an intention to do so, such as
            IMS Health, McKesson HBOC, Quintiles Transnational, and National
            Data Corporation;

         o  general purpose consumer online service providers, such as America
            Online and the Microsoft Network;

         o  website development firms, such as USWeb/CKS; and

         o  publishers and distributors of television, radio and print, such as
            FOX, CBS, Disney, NBC and Time Warner.

         
Mediconsult's ability to compete depends on a number of factors, many
of which are outside of its control.
These factors include quality of content,
ease of use, timing and market acceptance of new and enhanced services, and
level of sales and marketing efforts.

         
Many of its existing competitors, as well as a number of potential new
competitors, have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, existing
relationships with pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies and
significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than
Mediconsult does.
This may allow them to devote greater resources than
Mediconsult to the development and promotion of their services.
These
competitors may also engage in more extensive development efforts, undertake
more far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies
and make more attractive offers to existing and potential employees, advertisers
and alliance partners.
Mediconsult's competitors may develop services that are
equal or superior to those provided by Mediconsult or that achieve greater
market acceptance and brand recognition than Mediconsult achieves.
In addition,
current and potential competitors have established or may establish cooperative
relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their ability
to address the needs of advertisers.
It is possible that new competitors may
emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share.
Mediconsult may not be able
to compete successfully or competitive pressures may have a material adverse
effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
If
clients perceive the Internet generally or its websites in particular to be a
relatively limited or ineffective medium, clients may be reluctant to devote a
significant portion of their budgets to Internet advertising or to advertise on
its websites.


Intellectual Property, Proprietary Rights and Domain Names

         Mediconsult protects its intellectual property through a combination of
trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection and confidentiality with
employees, customers, independent contractors and strategic partners.

Mediconsult pursues the registration of its domain names, trademarks and service
marks in the United States, and has obtained trademark registration in the
United States of the "MEDICONSULT.COM" and "PHYSICIANS' ONLINE" marks and assert
various other trademarks and servicemarks.
Effective trademark, service mark,
copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in
which its services and products are made available on-line.
Mediconsult

obtains a majority of its content from the public domain.
In addition,
Mediconsult creates some of its own content and obtains rights to use the
balance of its content from third parties.
It is possible that Mediconsult could
become subject to infringement actions based upon the content obtained from
these third parties.
In addition, others may use this content and Mediconsult
may be subject to claims from licensors.
Mediconsult currently has no patents;
however, it has one patent pending which was acquired in the Mood Sciences
transaction.
This pending patent will be transferred to the purchaser of the
Mood Sciences assets at the time the transaction closes.
Mediconsult does not
anticipate that patents will become significant part of its intellectual
property in the future.
Mediconsult seeks to enter into confidentiality
agreements with its employees and independent consultants and has instituted
procedures to control access to and distribution of its technology,
documentation and other proprietary information and the proprietary information
of others.
The steps Mediconsult takes to protect its proprietary rights may not
be adequate and third parties may infringe or misappropriate its copyrights,
trademarks, service marks and similar proprietary rights.
In addition, other
parties may assert claims of infringement of intellectual property or other
proprietary rights against Mediconsult.
The legal status of intellectual
property on the Internet is currently subject to various uncertainties.


Human Resources

         As of September 2000, Mediconsult employed 166 full-time employees, of
whom 19 were in marketing, sales and program design, 68 were in product and
content development, 20 were in administration and corporate services, and 59
were in operations and support.
Competition for personnel is intense and
Mediconsult may not be able to retain its senior management or other key
personnel in the future.
None of its current employees is represented by a labor
union or is the subject of a collective bargaining agreement.
Mediconsult
believes that its relations with employees are good.
Since September 30, 2000,
Mediconsult has reduced its workforce substantially.
As of January 26, 2001,
Mediconsult employs approximately 85 individuals.


Government Regulation and Legal Uncertainties

         General.
There is an increasing number of laws and regulations
pertaining to the Internet.
In addition, a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals are under consideration by federal, state, local and foreign
governments and agencies.
Laws or regulations may be adopted with respect to the
Internet relating to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted
over the Internet, online content regulation, visitor privacy, taxation and
quality of products and services.
Moreover, the applicability to the Internet of
existing laws governing issues such as intellectual property ownership and
infringement, copyright, trademark, trade secret, obscenity, libel, employment
and personal privacy is uncertain and developing.
Any new legislation or
regulation, or the application or interpretation of existing laws may have an
adverse effect on Mediconsult's business.
In addition to Internet regulation,
Mediconsult's websites may be subject to numerous state and federal laws that
govern the delivery of healthcare services and goods in the United States.
These
laws range from laws prohibiting the offer, payment or receipt of remuneration
to induce referrals to entities providing healthcare services and goods to
licensure requirements as well as special protection for healthcare data.
These
laws are complicated and are under constant revision and interpretation.
These
laws and their active enforcement, particularly in the area of healthcare fraud,
affects the way all healthcare providers structure their business relationships
and deliver healthcare services and goods.
New developments in this area could
affect the structure and operation of Mediconsult's business.
In the event some
state or federal regulatory agency determined that Mediconsult's relationship
with one or more of its clients that deliver healthcare services or goods
violate any such laws, then Mediconsult could be subjected to fines and other
costs and could be required to revise or terminate that portion of its business.

         
Liability for Information Retrieved From the Company's Websites and
From the Internet.
Content may be accessed on Mediconsult's websites and this
content may be downloaded by visitors and subsequently transmitted to others
over the Internet.
This could result in claims against Mediconsult based on a
variety of theories, including defamation, practicing medicine without a
license, malpractice, obscenity, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement
or other theories based on the nature,

publication and distribution of this content.
Some of these types of claims have
been brought, sometimes successfully, against providers of Internet services in
the past.
Mediconsult could also be exposed to liability with respect to
third-party content that may be posted by visitors in chat rooms or bulletin
boards offered on its websites.
It is also possible that if any information
contains errors or false or misleading information, third parties could make
claims against Mediconsult for losses incurred in reliance on such information.

In addition, Mediconsult may be subject to claims alleging that, by directly or
indirectly providing links to other websites, it is liable for copyright or
trademark infringement or the wrongful actions of third parties through their
respective websites.
The Communications Decency Act of 1996 provides that, under
certain circumstances, a provider of Internet services shall not be treated as a
publisher or speaker of any information provided by a third-party content
provider.
This safe harbor has been interpreted to exempt certain activities of
providers of Internet services.
Mediconsult's activities may prevent it from
being able to take advantage of this safe harbor provision.
While Mediconsult
attempts to reduce its exposure to such potential liability through, among other
things, visitor policies and disclaimers, the enforceability and effectiveness
of such measures are uncertain.
Any claims brought against Mediconsult in this
respect may have a material and adverse effect on its business.

         
On-Line Content Regulations.
While Mediconsult does not believe the
content on its websites is obscene or indecent, its websites contain healthcare
content which is explicit in nature and is intended for a mature audience.

Several federal and state statutes prohibit the transmission of certain types of
indecent, obscene or offensive content over the Internet to certain persons.
The
enforcement of these statutes and initiatives, and any future enforcement
activities, statutes and initiatives, may result in limitations on the type of
content and advertisements available on Mediconsult's websites.
Legislation
regulating online content could dampen the growth in use of the Internet
generally and decrease the acceptance of the Internet as an advertising and
e-commerce medium, which could have a material adverse effect on its business,
results of operations and financial condition.
Mediconsult adheres to the Health
on the Network code of conduct which establishes guidelines for health
information on the Internet.

         
Privacy Concerns.
The Federal Trade Commission, commonly referred to as
the FTC, is considering adopting regulations regarding the collection and use of
personal identifying information obtained from individuals when accessing
websites, with particular emphasis on access by minors.
Such regulations may
include requirements that companies establish certain procedures to, among other
things: (1) give adequate notice to consumers regarding information collection
and disclosure practices, (2) provide consumers with the ability to have
personal identifiable information deleted from a company's database, (3) provide
consumers with access to their personal information and with the ability to
rectify inaccurate information, (4) clearly identify affiliations or a lack
thereof with third parties that may collect information or sponsor activities on
a company's website and (5) obtain express parental consent prior to collecting
and using personal identifying information obtained from children under 13 years
of age.
Such regulation may also include enforcement and redress provisions.

While Mediconsult has implemented or intends to implement programs designed to
enhance the protection of the privacy of its visitors, including children, there
can be no assurance that such programs will conform with any regulations adopted
by the FTC.