URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/51644/000095013001500768/0000950130-01-500768.txt

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

         The advertising and marketing communications industry has undergone
significant global consolidation in recent years.
Consistent with this trend,
over the last several years True North's management and Board observed that
industry participants that achieved greater geographic and functional scale and
brand and services diversity were likely to be at a competitive advantage
relative to smaller competitors and would also be better positioned to take
advantage of long-term growth opportunities and trends.

         
In keeping with the industry's trend toward consolidation, in July 1997
True North entered into an agreement to acquire Bozell, Jacobs, Kenyon &
Eckhardt, Inc.
In early December 1997, prior to the closing of the Bozell
acquisition, Publicis S.A., a French advertising and marketing communications
company, made a tender offer to purchase approximately 38% of the outstanding
shares of True North common stock at a price of $28.00 per share on the
condition that the Bozell acquisition be terminated.
Shortly thereafter, True
North obtained an injunction against interference by Publicis in the Bozell
acquisition and Publicis withdrew its tender offer.
True North closed the
acquisition of Bozell on December 30, 1997.
The acquisition of Bozell almost
doubled True North's size and added the two agency brands of Bozell Worldwide
and Temerlin McClain LP to complement True North's flagship FCB Worldwide agency
brand.
In September 1999, True North restructured its agencies by transferring
specified international operations of Bozell into FCB, strengthening FCB's
global reach and its ability to serve and attract multinational clients.

         
After the Bozell acquisition, True North continued to pursue a program
of targeted acquisitions and completed numerous transactions of smaller relative
size involving a variety of communications services businesses.
In addition,
True North's management and Board became increasingly focused on more
significant strategic alternatives available to True North.
True North's
management and its Board considered, among other strategies, whether True
North's business and financial performance, and its stockholders, employees and
clients, could benefit from being part of a larger, more diverse company.
Such a
combination could offer, among other advantages:

         o        a greater concentration of business outside of North America;

         o        an enhanced ability to attract and serve large, multinational
                  clients; and

         o        enhanced diversification in faster growing and higher margin
                  non-advertising communications services businesses, such as
                  sales promotion, direct marketing, design and branding and
                  business communications services.

         
As a result, True North's management and its Board began to explore a
variety of alternatives, including:

         o        entering into a significant business combination with one or
                  more major advertising and marketing communications firms in a
                  merger among or between equals;

         o        entering into a transaction with a global advertising and
                  marketing communications firm, with True North as the acquired
                  entity; or

         o        remaining an independent entity and growing through additional
                  acquisitions.

         
From time to time beginning in 1998 and continuing through early 2001,
True North approached, or was approached by, a substantial number of the other
global advertising and marketing communications firms, including Interpublic, to
discuss significant potential transactions.
Many of these expressions of
interest resulted in meetings between representatives of True North and other
parties.
In connection with these discussions, True North entered into
confidentiality agreements with some of these other parties, and proprietary
information was supplied by and obtained from True North pursuant to these
confidentiality agreements.
True North's management kept its Board apprised of
these developments and, with respect to matters raising material issues, acted
in accordance with the Board's guidance.

         
In November 1998 and again in March 1999, the chief executive of a
global advertising and marketing communications firm, which we refer to in this
discussion as Company A, made inquiries to True North regarding a possible
business combination with True North.
In both instances, the True North Board
determined not to enter into discussions with Company A, and Company A was so
informed.

         
In late 1998 and early 1999, True North had preliminary discussions
regarding a possible combination with a global advertising and marketing
communications firm, which we refer to in this discussion as Company B.
The
discussions did not advance at that time.

         
Commencing in the spring and summer of 1999, True North's management
and Board increased their focus on various strategic initiatives.

         
Discussions with Company B regarding a possible business combination
resumed in the late summer and fall of 1999.

         
True North management also had discussions with a large private equity
firm about the possibility of taking True North private in a management-led
buyout.
However, by September 1999, management ceased considering this type of
transaction due to the growth models and high amount of debt that would be
required to complete it.

         
In August 1999, True North entered into discussions regarding a
possible combination with a global advertising and marketing communications
firm, which we refer to in this discussion as Company C. True North and Company
C entered into a confidentiality agreement dated August 26, 1999.
During the
fall of 1999, discussions continued with both Company B and Company C.

         In February 2000, True North entered into discussions with a global
advertising and marketing communications company, which we refer to in this
discussion as Company D, relating to Company D's possible acquisition of True
North.
True North and Company D entered into a confidentiality agreement dated
February 18, 2000 and the chief executive officers and other senior management
of each of True North and Company D held a meeting on February 21, 2000.
At this
meeting, the parties discussed, among other matters, whether Company D would
agree to a standstill whereby it would not be permitted to purchase shares of
True North common stock for the duration of negotiations.
Company D indicated
that it would agree to such a standstill only if True North would agree to
negotiate exclusively with Company D. True North refused to agree to an
exclusivity provision, and Company D did not enter into a standstill provision.

         
As of February 29, 2000, True North entered into a letter agreement and
a separate indemnification agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated
pursuant to which Morgan Stanley was engaged to act as financial advisor to True
North to explore strategic alternatives with counterparties in the advertising
business.
The provisions of the letter agreement relating to fees payable for
Morgan Stanley's services are described under "Opinion of True North's Financial
Advisor" on page 28.

         
Over the next several months, members of senior management of True
North held several conversations and meetings with their respective counterparts
at Company D.
In addition, during this period True North's management engaged in
wide-ranging discussions with numerous other advertising and communications
services businesses.
For instance, True North continued its discussions with
Company C and held meetings and had discussions with representatives of a U.S.
marketing services company, another global advertising and marketing
communications firm, and two media companies.
These discussions included
potential transactions of varying structures, including, in certain cases,
possible three-party combinations.
Management reported on these discussions to
the True North Board at a meeting held on July 25, 2000.

         
In the summer of 2000, members of senior management of True North had a
series of discussions with Company D about a potential transaction.
In late July
2000, Company D presented True North with a preliminary due diligence request
list, and by early August 2000 True North began providing requested information
to Company D. On August 16, 2000, the chief executive officers and other senior
officers of each of True North and Company D held a meeting to review issues
raised by these due diligence materials and to discuss other matters, including
the potential for cost savings synergies.

         
In late August 2000, True North received an informal indication of
interest from Company D to acquire True North in a stock-for-stock transaction
at an exchange ratio that reflected a price, as of the date of the indication,
of approximately $40 per share of True North common stock.
At that time, True
North was reluctant to consider a transaction at this price.
At a special
meeting of the True North Board held on September 1, 2000, David Bell, chairman
and chief executive officer of True North, updated the Board on the status of
strategic alternatives then under discussion, including a potential transaction
with Company D. After discussion, the Board advised Mr. Bell to defer further
discussions with Company D so long as the price was inadequate, and Company D
was so informed in a letter from Kevin Smith, executive vice president and chief
financial officer of True North, dated September 5, 2000.

         
Contemporaneously, True North renewed discussions with Company B about
the possibility of a combination.
The parties explored various means of
structuring a transaction.

         
On September 6, 2000, the Chrysler Group of DaimlerChrysler, which at
that time divided its global advertising and marketing communications work
between True North and another global advertising and marketing communications
firm, announced that it would place both of these accounts up for review.
The
objective of the review was the consolidation of a substantial portion of
Chrysler Group's advertising and marketing communications services with one firm
on substantially revised business terms.

         
At a regular meeting of the True North Board held September 13, 2000,
Mr. Bell and Mr. Smith updated the Board on the status of discussions with
Company D and others regarding a possible merger and the Chrysler account
consolidation review.
Representatives of Morgan Stanley, Sidley & Austin, True
North's outside legal counsel, and other outside advisors to True North attended
the meeting to assist the Board in reviewing strategic alternatives.
Mr. Bell
and Mr. Smith presented an analysis of the impact on True North's financial
results of the two possible outcomes of the Chrysler account consolidation
review --the Chrysler account being consolidated with either True North or
Chrysler's other global advertising firm-- and a review of the advantages and
disadvantages associated with various potential strategic partners.

         
At this meeting, it was reported to the True North Board that, after
True North had deemed Company D's initial indication of interest to be
unattractive, representatives of True North had proposed a pricing structure
whereby True North stockholders would receive initial consideration payable in
Company D stock and, in addition, would receive a separate security which would
provide additional value only if the per share value of Company D's stock did
not appreciate to a specified level following the completion of the transaction.

         
A representative of Morgan Stanley then summarized for the True North
Board an estimated range of trading values for True North stock under the two
possible outcomes of the Chrysler account consolidation review.
Morgan Stanley
noted that, should True North experience a loss of the Chrysler account, a
potentially significant client conflict issue would be eliminated and, as a
result, several strategic alternatives would become more viable.
A
representative of Sidley & Austin then briefed the Board on its fiduciary duties
in considering the several strategic alternatives under discussion.
Following
discussion, the Board directed management, with the assistance of outside
advisors, to continue discussions with Company D and others about a potential
strategic transaction.

         
After a meeting on September 14, 2000 between senior executives of each
of True North and Company D and their respective advisors, at which little
progress was made with respect to pricing differences, serious discussions
between True North and Company D terminated.

         
On November 3, 2000, Chrysler announced that it had completed its
account consolidation review and had determined to consolidate its global
advertising and marketing communications business with its other global
advertising and marketing communications firm, including some of the services
previously provided by True North.
In a conference call with analysts,
shareholders, the press and others held on November 6, 2000, Mr. Bell indicated,
among other things, that True North was open to strategic opportunities that
would benefit True North's stockholders and clients and that the elimination of
Chrysler as a potential conflict issue might allow True North to pursue a
broader range of these opportunities.

         
True North and Company B, and their advisors, intensified discussions
regarding a potential combination.
On November 7, 2000, the chief executive
officers and other senior management of True North and Company B met and
discussed valuation ranges, the Chrysler decision, management and social issues,
timing and the possibility of

exclusivity of negotiations.
On November 16, 2000, True North entered into a
confidentiality agreement with Company B. Company B prepared a draft merger
agreement and provided it to True North on November 21, 2000.
The parties began
negotiating the terms of this agreement, and each party began performing
in-depth financial and legal due diligence with respect to the other.

         
The True North Board held a special meeting on November 17, 2000 to
consider the discussions being held by True North's management.
A representative
of Sidley & Austin again briefed the Board on its fiduciary duties and other
relevant legal matters.
A representative of Morgan Stanley provided a
preliminary evaluation report and a preliminary assessment of the reaction of
the capital markets and potentially interested strategic partners to the
decision of Chrysler with respect to account consolidation.
Mr. Bell and Suzanne
Bettman, executive vice president and general counsel of True North, presented
to the Board management's recommendation to continue discussions with Company B.
They also reported that Company B had requested True North to commit to
negotiate exclusively with Company B.
After discussion, the Board authorized
senior management to continue negotiations in respect of a strategic combination
transaction with Company B, but determined not to agree to Company B's request
for exclusivity.
Furthermore, in consideration of the benefits to True North of
proceeding expeditiously, the Board directed management to report back to the
Board by December 4, 2000.

         
The True North Board held another special meeting on November 30, 2000
to consider the progress of negotiations with Company B. A representative of
Sidley & Austin reported that unresolved issues included the proposed structure
of the transaction, whether the transaction would be treated as a tax-free
reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the possibility of True
North paying a significant special cash dividend prior to the closing of the
transaction, the treatment of stock options and deferred compensation
obligations, and the proposed management structure and related social issues.
A
representative of Morgan Stanley discussed the proposed funding of the payment
by True North of a special dividend prior to closing.
Morgan Stanley also noted
that recent movements in share prices of Company B and True North under the
proposed exchange ratio would, as of that time, result in a below-market
transaction price for True North's stockholders.
Mr. Bell then reported to the
Board on discussions with other potential strategic partners.
After discussion,
the True North Board determined that discussions with Company B should continue
and that management should focus on three issues in particular:

         o        an Internal Revenue Service ruling confirming that the
                  transaction between True North and Company B would qualify as
                  a tax-free reorganization for True North's stockholders;

         o        post-transaction management structure; and

         o        further exploration of indications of interest from other
                  interested parties.

         
On December 9, 2000, the chief executive officers and other senior
officers of each of True North and Interpublic met to discuss the interest of
Interpublic in a strategic transaction with True North.
Several additional
conversations followed.
On December 15, 2000, True North and Interpublic entered
into a confidentiality agreement and True North began to provide financial and
other information to Interpublic.
A face-to-face due diligence session was
scheduled for early January 2001 as a result of these discussions.

         
The True North Board held a special meeting on December 15, 2000 to
discuss, among other things, recent meetings with Company B and other potential
strategic partners.
Representatives of Sidley & Austin provided the Board a
summary of prior briefings on fiduciary duties, and Morgan Stanley presented an
overview of the proposed structure of the transaction with Company B. Sidley &
Austin reviewed the tax issue previously discussed during the November 30, 2000
Board meeting, and Morgan Stanley presented a report which included background
and strategic information, pro forma combination analysis, a proposed timeline
and an analysis of the stockholder profiles of True North and Company B.
Upon
management's recommendation, and after discussion, the Board directed management
to make continued efforts to reach an agreement with Company B that would allow
an announcement of a transaction by January 15, 2001.
The Board also authorized
an inquiry to the IRS regarding the tax issue, completion of a due diligence
investigation of Company B, and arrangement for funding the True North special
dividend prior to a transaction.

         
In late December 2000, True North and Company C renewed their
discussions, which had been ongoing intermittently since late 1998, relating to
a possible merger transaction between Company C and True North.
On December 21,
2000, Company C conveyed a presentation outlining a possible stock-for-stock
combination that, as of that time, valued True North in the range of $40 to $45
per True North share.
Company C requested that True North agree to exclusive
negotiations.
True North rejected the request for exclusive negotiations.

         
Also in late December 2000, discussions with Company B began to falter.

Company B resisted the request of True North to condition the closing of a
transaction with Company B on obtaining a ruling from the IRS confirming the
tax-free nature of the proposed transaction to True North stockholders.
In
addition, pricing, management and structure issues had not been resolved.

         
In early January 2001, True North also recommenced discussions with
Company A, with which it had communicated with respect to a potential merger
transaction in late 1998 and again in early 1999.
The chief executive officers
and other senior officers of True North and Company A met on January 3, 2001 to
review the business of True North, and True North and Company A entered into a
confidentiality agreement dated January 3, 2001.

         
On January 7 and 8, 2001, senior management of True North and of
Interpublic met to review the business of True North and to discuss potential
cost-saving synergies.
Senior management of True North and Company C also met to
review the business of True North.
Company C, with which True North had
previously entered into a confidentiality agreement, began extensive financial
and legal due diligence on True North in mid-January 2001.
A series of meetings
between management of the two companies followed, which continued into
mid-February.

         
The True North Board held a special meeting on January 12, 2001.
Mr.
Bell, together with Mr. Smith and a representative of Morgan Stanley, reviewed
for the Board the status of discussions with each of the four most likely
potential strategic partners with which True North had recently held significant
discussions.
It was noted that, although several parties had expressed interest
in a possible transaction, no firm proposal had emerged.
Mr. Bell indicated that
discussions were continuing and stated that a more specific update would be
forthcoming at the January 19, 2001 regular Board meeting.
At the January 19,
2001 meeting, Mr. Bell and a representative of Morgan Stanley reviewed recent
meetings and developments with respect to potential strategic partners.
The
Board encouraged management and True North's advisors to continue progressing on
the various alternatives.

         
Between January 16, 2001 and February 7, 2001, a number of meetings
occurred between senior management of True North and of Interpublic to discuss
issues which included potential client conflicts, financial issues, social
issues and potential synergy opportunities.

         
During late January and early February 2001, there were a series of
discussions among True North, Company B and Company C to discuss various
potential multiple-party transactions.
Ultimately, it was determined that none
of these transactions was feasible under the circumstances.

         
On February 4, 2001, the chief executive officers of True North and
Company A met again, and Company A began extensive financial and legal due
diligence on True North in early February 2001.

         
In mid-February 2001, True North determined to seek the views of the
Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to its accounting treatment for
contingent earn-out payments relating to previously completed acquisitions.

Discussions with Company C were deferred during the pendency of the Commission's
consideration of this issue.

         
True North prepared a draft merger agreement and provided it to Company
A on February 15, 2001.
During the period between February 15 and February 27,
2001, legal counsel for each of True North and Company A exchanged comments on
the proposed merger agreement, and meetings and detailed discussions regarding
financial and business issues continued.
On February 28, 2001, Company A
submitted to True North a draft bid letter expressing its interest in pursuing a
stock-for-stock transaction valued on that date at approximately $41.50 per
share of True North common stock.
Extensive negotiations began on the draft
merger agreement at the end of February 2001 and continued into the beginning of
March 2001.
However, as of early March 2001, a number of significant contractual
and management structure issues remained to be resolved with Company A.

         Senior management of True North and Interpublic continued discussions
and met on February 26, 2001 and again on March 1, 2001.
True North provided
Interpublic a draft merger agreement on February 28, 2001.
Interpublic engaged
Goldman Sachs & Co. as its financial advisor and began conducting extensive
financial and legal due diligence on True North in early March 2001.

         
On February 28, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the True
North Board, Mr. Bell and a representative of Morgan Stanley reviewed recent
meetings and developments with respect to strategic partners, and the Board
discussed the draft bid letter from Company A.

         In early March 2001, True North announced that the Commission had no
objection to True North's accounting for contingent earn-out payments, however,
True North did agree, in connection with a separate issue raised independently
by the Commission, to change its amortization of intangible assets arising from
acquisitions from up to 40 years to up to 20 years.
Consequently, True North
restated financial statements for periods prior to December 31, 2000.

         
Following resolution of the Commission review, Company C expressed
renewed interest in pursuing discussions with True North.
True North provided
Company C a draft merger agreement on or about March 8, 2001, and a series of
meetings and conversations occurred between True North and Company C
representatives over the following several days.

         
On March 9, 2001, Company C presented a non-binding proposal for a
stock-for-stock merger at an exchange ratio that reflected a price as of that
date of $42.00 per share of True North common stock.

         
On or about March 12, 2001 each of Interpublic and Company C submitted
comments on the draft merger agreement previously provided to them.

         
On March 12, 2001, the True North Board held a special meeting to be
updated on the status of discussions with potential strategic partners.
The
Board discussed the various proposals and discussions at length and determined
that additional meetings would be necessary to discuss further developments.

Later that same day, Interpublic submitted to True North a term sheet for a
stock-for-stock merger proposing a fixed exchange ratio to be calculated based
upon the closing price of Interpublic's stock immediately prior to announcement
of the transaction to reflect a value as of the date of such announcement of
$38.50 per share of True North common stock.

         
On March 14, 2001, each of Company A, Company C and Interpublic
presented a revised, increased price proposal.
Company A's revised proposal was
conditioned upon all outstanding contractual issues being resolved.

Interpublic's revised proposal reflected a fixed exchange ratio as of the date
of the proposal, rather than an exchange ratio to be determined immediately
prior to the announcement of a transaction based on a fixed price, as reflected
in Interpublic's original proposal.

         
On the afternoon of March 14, 2001, the True North Board held a special
meeting to discuss these three alternative proposals, as follows:

         o        a potential merger transaction with Company A in which True
                  North would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company A;

         o        a potential merger transaction with Company C in which True
                  North would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company C; and

         o        a potential merger transaction with Interpublic in which True
                  North would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Interpublic.

         
Mr. Bell provided the Board with a detailed update of events since the
last Board meeting.
A representative of Morgan Stanley then provided the Board
with preliminary valuation reports, a comparison of shares of common stock
versus American Depositary Receipts (because shares of one or both of Company A
and C are traded in the United States through ADRs representing these shares)
and an assessment of the likely reaction of the capital markets and

potentially interested parties to the various potential transactions.
A
representative of Sidley & Austin outlined for the Board the current status of
contractual negotiations with each of the potential strategic partners.
Mr. Bell
then presented management's recommendation that True North focus principally on
negotiations with Interpublic.
After discussion, the Board determined that the
Interpublic proposal presented the most favorable pricing and other terms.
The
Board instructed True North management to focus principally on negotiations with
Interpublic.

         
True North and its advisors then continued financial and legal due
diligence on Interpublic and met with Interpublic and its counsel, Cleary,
Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton, to negotiate final terms of the merger agreement.

These negotiations were essentially completed during the period of March 15
through March 17, 2001.
During this period, Interpublic requested True North to
commit to negotiate exclusively with Interpublic, but True North refused this
request.

         
On Saturday, March 17, 2001, Interpublic informed True North that the
Interpublic Board had met to evaluate the proposed acquisition of True North and
had approved the merger agreement and the merger contemplated by it.

         
On the evening of Sunday, March 18, 2001 the True North Board met for
several hours to evaluate the proposed merger with Interpublic.
Sidley & Austin
again briefed the members of the Board on their fiduciary duties.
Morgan
Stanley's presentation to the Board, which was based on closing prices as of
March 16, 2001, indicated that the exchange ratios in the most recently revised
price proposals of Company A, Company C and Interpublic reflected prices, as of
that date, of $39.17, $39.57 and $40.24, respectively, per share of True North
common stock.
True North's management advised the Board that, in management's
view, a combination between Interpublic and True North would represent an
excellent "fit" from a strategic standpoint, with minimal conflicts between
their respective clients, and would produce a strong and diversified combined
company.
True North's management and its advisors made a lengthy presentation on
the results of True North's financial and legal due diligence investigation of
Interpublic.

         
Representatives of Morgan Stanley present at the meeting presented a
financial analysis of the proposed transaction and described the basis for
Morgan Stanley's opinion that, as of March 18, 2001, the exchange ratio pursuant
to the proposed merger agreement between True North and Interpublic was fair
from a financial point of view to the holders of shares of True North common
stock.
Morgan Stanley then delivered its opinion to the True North Board.
See
"Opinion of True North's Financial Advisor" on page 28 and Annex B.

         The True North Board, with the assistance of legal counsel, reviewed
the material terms of the proposed business combination, including the more
important provisions of the proposed merger agreement, copies of which had been
supplied to the Board prior to the meeting.
The Board further recognized that
the transaction was structured as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal
income tax purposes and to qualify for pooling-of-interests accounting
treatment.
After careful consideration of all matters, including, among other
things, True North's due diligence investigation of Interpublic, expected
synergies, the expectation of manageable client conflicts, the fact that senior
officers of True North would play a strategic role in the combined companies,
the material terms of the merger agreement and Morgan Stanley's fairness
opinion, the True North Board approved the merger agreement and the merger
contemplated by it.
See "Recommendation of the True North Board; Considerations
of the True North Board" on page 25.

         
Late in the evening on March 18, 2001, True North and Interpublic
executed the merger agreement.
The following morning, March 19, 2001, True North
and Interpublic issued a joint press release announcing the transaction.


Recommendation of the True North Board; Considerations of the True North Board

         
At a special meeting on March 18, 2001, the True North Board determined
by unanimous vote of those present that the merger is advisable, and that the
merger agreement and the merger are in the best interests of True North and its
stockholders.
Accordingly, the Board recommends that the stockholders of True
North vote "FOR" adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting.

         
In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement,
the True North Board consulted with management, as well as with outside legal
counsel and financial advisors, and considered a number of factors, including:

        o with respect to both True North and Interpublic:

                  o        business,

                  o        operations,

                  o        properties and assets,

                  o        financial condition,

                  o        competitive position,

                  o        business strategy and

                  o        prospects and risks involved in achieving prospects,

          o       the nature of the advertising and marketing communications
                  oindustry in which True North competes,

          o       industry conditions,

          o       economic conditions,

          o       market conditions,

          o       the view of the True North Board and management that:

          o       the advertising and marketing communications industry has
                  experienced significant consolidation in recent years,

                  o                 the industry participants that achieve the
                                    greatest geographic and functional scale and
                                    diversity are likely to be at a competitive
                                    advantage relative to smaller competitors
                                    and to be better positioned to take
                                    advantage of long-term growth opportunities
                                    and trends and

                  o                 True North's business and financial
                                    performance would benefit from being part of
                                    a larger, more diverse company which would
                                    have an enhanced capacity to provide sales
                                    promotion, direct marketing, design and
                                    branding and business communication
                                    services,

                  o                 the potential stockholder value that could
                                    be expected to be generated from the various
                                    strategic alternatives available to True
                                    North, including the alternatives of:

                  o                 continuing as an independent entity and

                  o                 entering into a combination with another
                                    major advertising and marketing
                                    communications company,

       o  the fact that the True North Board and management had investigated and
          discussed these strategic alternatives intensively over a period of
          months,

       o  the indications of interest and history of discussions with third
          parties, together with the publicity surrounding interest from third
          parties in engaging in a business combination with True North,

       o  the effect of publicity prior to execution of the merger agreement of
          a potential transaction involving True North on the market price of
          True North common stock which, although not necessarily

         influencing the True North Board's ultimate decision favorably or
         unfavorably, was considered by the True North Board in its
         deliberations regarding the exchange ratio,

         o       the view of the True North Board and management that a
                 combination between Interpublic and True North

                 o            would represent an excellent "fit" from a
                              strategic standpoint, with minimal conflicts
                              between their respective clients and

                 o            would produce a strong and diversified combined
                              company,

         o       the synergies, cost reductions and operating efficiencies that
                 should become available to the combined enterprise as a result
                 of the merger, and the many management challenges associated
                 with successfully integrating the business of two major
                 corporations,

         o       the presentations of True North's financial advisor concerning
                 financial aspects of the proposed merger and of the various
                 strategic alternatives available to True North,

         o       the opinion received from Morgan Stanley that, as of the date
                 of the opinion, and based on the considerations in the opinion,
                 the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair
                 from a financial point of view to the holders of shares of True
                 North common stock,

         o       the current and historical market prices of True North common
                 stock and Interpublic common stock relative to each other and
                 relative to those of other industry participants, and the
                 relative benefits associated with direct stock ownership (as
                 opposed to an American Depositary Receipt which offered only
                 indirect stock ownership),

         o       the fact that True North is a personal/professional services
                 business and management strongly recommended the merger with
                 Interpublic in view of the benefits of the merger to True
                 North's employees and clients,

         o       the facts that several members of True North's current senior
                 management team are expected to play a significant role in the
                 management of True North during the transition following the
                 merger as well as on an ongoing basis and that two current True
                 North directors will be appointed to the board of directors of
                 Interpublic,

         o       the expectation that the merger would qualify as a tax-free
                 transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes (except with
                 respect to cash received for fractional shares),

         o       the ability to account for the merger as a pooling of interests
                 under generally accepted accounting principles,

         o       the terms of the merger agreement (including the payment of a
                 termination fee if the merger agreement is terminated under
                 specified circumstances),

         o       the fact that because the transaction is structured as a merger
                 rather than a cash sale, the merger provides True North
                 stockholders with the opportunity to participate in a larger,
                 more competitive company,

         o       the lack of availability of appraisal rights in connection with
                 the merger and

         o       the fact that the exchange ratio is fixed and, accordingly, the
                 value of the transaction could increase or decrease prior to
                 the completion of the merger.

         
In addition, in considering the proposed merger, the directors of True
North were aware of the interests of certain officers and directors in the
merger described under "Interests of True North's Directors and Management in
the Merger" on page 35.

         
The foregoing discussion of the factors considered by the True North
Board is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors
considered by the Board.
In view of the wide variety of factors considered by
the Board in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the complexity of
these matters, the True North Board did not consider it practical, and did not
attempt, to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific
factors it considered in reaching its decision.
The True North Board conducted a
discussion of the factors described above, including asking questions of True
North's management and True North's outside advisors.

         
The True North Board reached a unanimous consensus of those present
that the merger was in the best interests of True North and its stockholders.
In
considering the factors described above, individual members of the Board may
have given different weights to different factors.


Opinion of True North's Financial Advisor

         Under an engagement letter dated February 29, 2000, True North retained
Morgan Stanley to provide various financial advisory services.
In connection
with the engagement, True North requested that Morgan Stanley provide a fairness
opinion in connection with the merger.
True North selected Morgan Stanley to act
as True North's financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's qualifications,
expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the advertising and marketing
communications industry in general and the business and affairs of True North in
particular.

         
At a meeting of the True North Board held on March 18, 2001, Morgan
Stanley rendered to the True North Board its oral opinion, subsequently
confirmed in writing, that, as of March 18, 2001, and based upon and subject to
the various considerations, limitations and qualifications set forth in the
written opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair
from a financial point of view to the holders of shares of True North common
stock.

         
The full text of the opinion of Morgan Stanley, dated March 18, 2001,
is attached as Annex B.
It sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the scope of the
review undertaken by Morgan Stanley in rendering its opinion.
True North
stockholders are urged to, and should, read the opinion carefully and in its
entirety.

         
Morgan Stanley's opinion is directed to the True North Board and
addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view of the exchange ratio
to holders of shares of True North common stock as of the date of the opinion.

True North stockholders should note that the opinion does not address:

         o        any other aspect of the merger,

         o        True North's underlying business decision to pursue the merger
                  or

         o        the price at which Interpublic common stock will trade
                  following the merger or at any other time.

         
Further, the opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any holder
of shares of True North common stock as to how to vote at the True North
stockholder meeting held in connection with the merger.

         
The summary of the opinion of Morgan Stanley set forth below is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the written opinion,
which is attached as Annex B.

         In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other
things:

         o        reviewed publicly available financial statements and other
                  business and financial information of True North and
                  Interpublic;

         o        reviewed internal financial statements and other financial and
                  operating data concerning True North and Interpublic;

         o        reviewed financial forecasts prepared by the managements of
                  True North and Interpublic;

         o        reviewed information relating to strategic, financial and
                  operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared by
                  the management of True North;

         o        discussed the past and current operations and financial
                  condition and the prospects of True North, including
                  information relating to strategic, financial and operational
                  benefits anticipated from the merger, with senior executives
                  of True North;

         o        discussed the past and current operations and financial
                  condition and the prospects of Interpublic, including
                  information relating to strategic, financial and operational
                  benefits anticipated from the merger, with senior executives
                  of Interpublic;

         o        reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Interpublic's
                  earnings per share, cash flows, consolidated capitalization
                  and financial ratios;

         o        reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for True
                  North common stock and Interpublic common stock;

         o        compared the financial performance of True North and
                  Interpublic and the prices and trading activity of True North
                  common stock and Interpublic common stock with that of other
                  publicly-traded companies comparable with True North and
                  Interpublic, and their securities;

         o        reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly
                  available, of comparable acquisition transactions;

         o        participated in discussions and negotiations among
                  representatives of True North and Interpublic and their
                  financial and legal advisors;

         o        reviewed the merger agreement and related documents; and

         o        performed other analyses and considered other factors as
                  Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate.

         
Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without independent
verification, the accuracy and completeness of the information supplied or
otherwise made available to it by True North and Interpublic for the purposes of
its opinion.
With respect to the financial forecasts, including information
relating to strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that they were reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the future
financial performance of True North and Interpublic.
In addition, Morgan Stanley
assumed that the merger would be accounted for as a "pooling-of-interests"
business combination in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the merger would be consummated in accordance with the terms set
forth in the merger agreement, including, among other things, that the merger
would be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986.
Morgan Stanley also assumed that in connection with the receipt of
all necessary regulatory approvals for the merger, no restrictions would be
imposed that would have a material adverse effect on the benefits expected to be
derived in the merger.

         
Morgan Stanley did not make any independent valuation or appraisal of
the assets or liabilities of True North or Interpublic, nor was Morgan Stanley
furnished with any appraisals.
Morgan Stanley relied without independent
verification on the assessment of the management of True North and Interpublic
on their ability to retain key clients and employees of True North and
Interpublic.
Morgan Stanley's opinion is necessarily based on financial,
economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to Morgan Stanley as of, the date of its opinion.

         
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed
by Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the preparation of its
written opinion dated March 18, 2001.
Some of these summaries of financial
analyses include information presented in tabular format.
In order to understand
fully the financial analyses used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read
together with the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a
complete description of the financial analyses.

         
As described more fully in "Background of the Merger" on page 19, on
November 3, 2000 True North announced that a significant True North client
decided to consolidate selected advertising and marketing services historically
provided by True North with another advertising and marketing services company
which had also provided advertising and marketing services to this client.
As a
result, for the purposes of its analyses, Morgan Stanley reviewed financial
forecasts prepared by the management of True North adjusted, as appropriate, to
reflect the financial effects of the consolidation (also known as the Adjusted
True North Management Projections).
The Adjusted True North Management
Projections were prepared in March 2001 and reflected management's view as of
that time and were provided to Morgan Stanley for use in its analysis in
connection with the merger.
For some of the pro forma combination analyses,
Morgan Stanley used publicly available equity research projections for
Interpublic that Morgan Stanley discussed with Interpublic management (also
known as the Interpublic Projections).


Historical Common Stock Performance

         Morgan Stanley reviewed the price performance and trading volumes of
the common stock of each of True North and Interpublic from January 1, 1997
through March 16, 2001.
The table below shows the daily high and low closing
prices of True North and Interpublic for that period, compared with a closing
price on March 16, 2001 of $39.31 per share for True North common stock and
$35.30 per share for Interpublic common stock:

                                    January 1, 1997 through March 16, 2001
                                    --------------------------------------
                                               High            Low
                                               ----            ---

        True North.............                $52.63          $17.00
        Interpublic............                $58.06          $15.83

         Morgan Stanley then compared the price performance of True North to
Interpublic and that of the Standard & Poor's 500 Common Stock Price Index,
which we call the S&P 500 Index, and two groups of selected advertising and
marketing communications companies with publicly-traded common stock.
One group
included larger capitalization companies, such as Interpublic, Omnicom Group
Inc. and WPP Group PLC, which we refer to as the Large-Cap Companies, and the
other group included mid-capitalization companies such as Cordiant
Communications Group PLC, Grey Global Group Inc., Havas Advertising and Publicis
Groupe S.A., which we refer to as the Mid-Cap Companies.
The Large-Cap Companies
and the Mid-Cap Companies were chosen because they participate in the global
advertising and marketing communications industry and possess financial and
operating characteristics that have similarities to those of True North and
Interpublic.
None of the other companies used in this analysis as a comparison
is identical to True North or Interpublic.

         
This analysis showed that the closing market prices of True North and
Interpublic appreciated during the period from January 1, 1997 through March 16,
2001 as follows:

        True North...............................     82.8%
        Interpublic..............................    118.9%

         The table below shows the relative stock price appreciation of True
North, the S&P 500 Index and the Large-Cap Companies and Mid-Cap Companies from
January 1, 1997 through March 16, 2001:

        True North...............................     82.8%
        S&P 500 Index............................     59.2%
        Large-Cap Companies......................    188.5%
        Mid-Cap Companies........................    176.6%

Comparable Company Analysis

         Comparable company analysis examines a company's trading performance
relative to a group of publicly traded peers.
Morgan Stanley performed a
comparable public company trading analysis pursuant to which it calculated price
to 2000 and 2001 estimated earnings multiples based on Institutional Brokers
Estimates System (also known as IBES) estimates and the multiple of aggregate
value as of March 16, 2001 to 2001 estimated earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization (also known as EBITDA) based on recent Morgan
Stanley equity research estimates for True North.
Morgan Stanley then compared
the multiples obtained for True North with multiples obtained from publicly
available information for a group of selected advertising and marketing
communications companies.

         
The group of selected advertising and marketing communications
companies included Omnicom, Interpublic, WPP, Cordiant, Havas, True North and
Publicis.
Morgan Stanley selected these companies, other than True North,
because they are publicly traded companies with advertising and marketing
communications operations that for purposes of this analysis may be considered
similar to those of True North.


The analysis showed the following multiples:

                                                                                                 
Aggregate
                                                           Price/2000E        Price/2001E       Value/2001E
                                                            Earnings           Earnings           EBITDA
                                                            --------           --------           ------

        True North..................................          18.5               19.2                8.6
        Group of selected advertising and marketing
        communications companies:
          Low.......................................          18.5               19.2                8.6
          Median....................................          29.4               23.8                9.9
          High......................................          34.9               30.0               13.6

         Based on an analysis of the comparable companies and the corresponding
information for True North, including the Adjusted True North Management
Projections, Morgan Stanley estimated a per share value for True North common
stock between $38 and $43.

         
No company utilized in the comparable company analysis, other than True
North itself, is identical to True North.
In evaluating the comparable
companies, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of True North, including the
impact of competition on the business of True North and the industry generally,
industry growth and the absence of any material adverse change in the financial
condition and prospects of True North or the industry or in the financial
markets in general, which could affect the public trading value of the
companies.
Mathematical analysis, such as determining the average or median, is
not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable company data.


Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

         Morgan Stanley estimated the unlevered free cash flows that could be
produced by True North in fiscal years 2001 through 2011, based on a review of
the Adjusted True North Management Projections.
Morgan Stanley calculated a
discounted cash flow analysis for True North assuming discount rates ranging
from 9.75% to 10.75%, based on Morgan Stanley's analysis of True North's
weighted average cost of capital, and terminal values for True North by applying
multiples of unlevered EBITDA in the year 2011 from 8.0x to 9.0x.
This analysis
produced an implied equity value per share of True North common stock between
approximately $42 and $46.


Stand-Alone Discounted Equity Value Analysis

         Morgan Stanley calculated the implied present value to holders of
shares of True North common stock of estimated future dividends to be received
from True North and future implied True North stock price based upon the
Adjusted True North Management Projections and assuming an equity discount rate
of 10.25% and 2003 price to earnings multiples in a range of 15x to 20x.
Morgan
Stanley noted that True North's ratio of stock price to one-year

forward earnings had ranged, over the 1997 to early 2001 period, from 12x-27x,
and had been most consistently in a range of 15x-20x.

         
Based on this analysis, Morgan Stanley calculated the present value of
equity, including dividend returns, per share of True North common stock in a
range of approximately $31 to $41.


Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis

         Using publicly available information, Morgan Stanley reviewed the terms
of selected announced, pending or completed transactions in the advertising
industry.
These transactions are:

         o        the Interpublic/Deutsch, Inc. transaction,

         
o        the Publicis S.A./Saatchi & Saatchi PLC transaction,

         o        the WPP Group PLC/Young & Rubicam Inc. transaction,

         o        The Leo Group/The MacManus Group transaction,

         o        the Interpublic/International Public Relations PLC
                  transaction,

         o        the Chancellor Media Corp./Martin Media LP transaction,

         o        the Chancellor Media Corp./Petry Media Corp. transaction,

         o        the Snyder Communications, Inc./Arnold Communications Inc.
                  transaction,

         o        the Omnicom Group Inc./GGT Group PLC transaction,

         o        the CLT-UFA S.A./Havas Intermediation S.A. transaction,

         o        the True North/Bozell, Jacobs, Kenyon & Eckhardt, Inc.
                  transaction,

         o        the Outdoor Systems, Inc./Van Wagner Communications, Inc.
                  transaction,

         o        the GGT Group PLC/BDDP Worldwide transaction,

         o        the DLJ Merchant Banking Partners L.P./Katz Media Corporation
                  transaction,

         o        the Omnicom Group Inc./Boase Massimi Pollitt PLC transaction,

         o        the WPP Group PLC/Ogilvy Group, Inc. transaction,

         o        the WPP Group PLC/JWT Group, Inc. transaction and

         o        the Saatchi & Saatchi Company PLC/Ted Bates Worldwide Inc.
                  transaction.

         
The table below presents the high, low and median ratios for these
transactions of aggregate value to each of the last twelve months (also known as
LTM), revenues, EBITDA and earnings before interest and taxes (also known as
EBIT) and equity value to LTM net income.

                                               
Aggregate Value/LTM                     Equity Value/LTM Net
                                                       (x)                                    Income
                                 --------------------------------------------          ----------------------
                                 Revenues           EBITDA               EBIT                   (x)
                                 --------           
------               ----          
----------------------

        High                       3.0               24.6                34.8                  49.5
        Low                        0.4                7.2                10.0                  13.6
        Median                     1.0                9.1                21.3                  22.7

         Based on the Adjusted True North Management Projections, Morgan Stanley
estimated per share transaction values for True North common stock ranging from
approximately $31 to $52.

         
No company or transaction utilized as a comparison in the precedent
transactions analysis is identical to Interpublic, True North or the merger.
In
evaluating the precedent transactions, Morgan Stanley made judgments and
assumptions regarding industry performance, general business, economic, market
and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control
of True North or Interpublic, including the impact of competition on True North
and the industry in general, industry growth and the absence of any material
adverse change in the financial condition and prospects of True North,
Interpublic or the industry or in the financial markets in general, which could
affect the public trading value of the companies and the aggregate value of the
transactions to which they are being compared.
Mathematical analysis (such as
determining the average or median) is not in itself a meaningful method of using
comparable transaction data.


Exchange Ratio Analysis

         Morgan Stanley reviewed the implied historical exchange ratios for the
shares of common stock of each of True North and Interpublic, determined by
dividing the price per share of True North common stock by the price per share
of Interpublic common stock over the period from January 1, 1997 to March 16,
2001.
Morgan Stanley performed this analysis to compare the premium represented
by the exchange ratio with the premium represented by historical exchange ratios
prevailing in the open market.
This analysis indicated the following premiums
represented by the average historical exchange ratios prevailing in the open
market:

                                                        Period Average           Exchange Ratio Premium
        Period Ended March 16, 2001                          Ratio                 vs. Period Average
        ---------------------------                          
-----                 ------------------

        January 1, 1997.......................               0.94x                         21%
        LTM Average...........................               1.00                          14%
        
Prior 90 Day Average..................               0.97                          18%
        Prior 30 Day Average..................               1.00                          14%

Relative Contribution Analysis

         Morgan Stanley compared the pro forma contributions of True North and
Interpublic, based on the Adjusted True North Management Projections and the
Interpublic Projections, to the combined company assuming consummation of the
merger.
Morgan Stanley observed, among other things, that based on the actual
revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and cash net income for fiscal 2000 for each
company, True North would have contributed between 13.2% and 19.8% to the
combined company's pro forma revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and cash net
income for fiscal 2000.
Morgan Stanley also observed, among other things, that
based on the projected revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and cash net income for
each company, True North would contribute between 14.9% and 20.0% to the
combined company's projected revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and cash net
income for fiscal 2001 and 2002.
These figures were compared to the pro forma
fully diluted ownership of the combined company by holders of True North common
stock and common stock equivalents of 15.8% implied by the exchange ratio.


Pro Forma Analysis of the Merger

         Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma effect of the merger on
Interpublic's estimated earnings per share for the fiscal years ending 2001
through 2003.
The analysis was based on the Adjusted True North Management

Projections and the Interpublic Projections.
The analysis assumed the completion
of the merger and included the value of certain benefits of the combination as
estimated by the managements of True North and Interpublic.
This analysis
indicated that the impact of the merger on estimated earnings per share of
Interpublic common stock would be modestly accretive (in the range of 1.0% to
1.3%) in each year during the period (also known as the Pro Forma Interpublic
Earnings).


Observations of Interpublic Valuation on a Stand-Alone and Pro Forma Basis

         Morgan Stanley noted that Interpublic common stock, as of March 16,
2001, traded at 20.8 times projected one-year forward earnings (also known as
P/E) versus its five-year historical average P/E of 25.3 times and the then
current forward earnings multiples of the other Large-Cap Companies, WPP (24.8x)
and Omnicom (30.0x).
Morgan Stanley observed that based upon the Pro Forma
Interpublic Earnings, the exchange ratio and an equity discount rate of 10.25%,
the implied present value of the Interpublic common stock received by holders of
True North common stock in the merger varies based upon Interpublic's future
forward P/E in 2003 as indicated in the table below:

                                                                                  Implied Present Value
                                                                  P/E             Per True North Share
                                                                  ---             --------------------

        Current Interpublic P/E.......................             21                    $43.54
        Five Year Average Interpublic P/E.............             25                    $51.83

         In connection with the review of the merger by the True North Board,
Morgan Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses for
purposes of rendering its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or
summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the
results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular
weight to any particular analysis or factor considered by it.
Morgan Stanley
believes that the summary provided and the analyses described above must be
considered as a whole and that selecting any portion of its analyses without
considering all analyses would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its analyses and opinion.
In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given
various analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and
factors, and Morgan Stanley may have deemed various assumptions more or less
probable than other assumptions, so that the range of valuations resulting from
any particular analysis described above should not be taken to be Morgan
Stanley's view of the actual value of True North or Interpublic.

         
In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions
with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions
and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of True North or
Interpublic.
Any estimates contained in Morgan Stanley's analyses are not
necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by these estimates.

These analyses were prepared solely as a part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of
the fairness from a financial point of view to the holders of True North common
stock of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement and were conducted
in connection with the delivery by Morgan Stanley of its opinion to the True
North Board.
The analyses do not purport to be appraisals of value or to reflect
the prices at which shares of True North common stock or Interpublic common
stock might actually trade.
In addition, as described above, the Morgan Stanley
opinion was one of the many factors taken into consideration by the True North
Board in making its determination to approve the merger.
The exchange ratio and
other terms of the merger agreement were determined through arm's-length
negotiations between True North and Interpublic and were approved by the True
North Board.
Morgan Stanley did not recommend any specific consideration to True
North or that any specific consideration constituted the only appropriate
consideration for the merger.
Consequently, the Morgan Stanley analyses as
described above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the
Board with respect to the value of True North common stock or of whether the
True North Board would have been willing to agree to different consideration.

         
Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm.
Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial
advisory business, is continuously involved in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.
In the course of its trading, brokerage and financing activities,
Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may, at any

time, hold long or short positions in, and buy and sell the debt or equity
securities or senior loans of True North or Interpublic for its account or the
account of its customers.
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have, in the past,
provided financial advisory and financing services to True North and Interpublic
and have received fees for the rendering of these services.
Morgan Stanley may
also provide investment banking services to the combined entity in the future.

         
True North has agreed to pay Morgan Stanley an advisory fee of
approximately $150,000 - $250,000 if the merger is not completed, based
primarily on the amount of time spent on the engagement by Morgan Stanley, an
exposure fee of $2.5 million, payable under specified circumstances, and a
transaction fee upon completion of the merger, against which any advisory and
exposure fees paid will be credited, of approximately $10 million.

         
True North has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Morgan Stanley in connection with its
engagement and to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling
Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates against various liabilities and
expenses, including various liabilities under the federal securities laws,
related to or arising out of Morgan Stanley's engagement.


Interests of True North's Directors and Management in the Merger

         Some of the directors and officers of True North have interests in the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of True North
stockholders generally.
These interests, to the extent material, are described
below.
The True North board was aware of these interests and considered them,
among other matters, in approving the merger agreement and the merger.


Options

         The merger agreement provides that, from and after the effective time
of the merger, each outstanding True North stock option will be assumed by
Interpublic and become an option to purchase that number of Interpublic shares
determined by multiplying

         o        the number of shares subject to the True North option
                  immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, by

         o        the exchange ratio,

at an exercise price per Interpublic share equal to the exercise price per True
North share immediately prior to the effective time of the merger divided by the
exchange ratio.
As of the effective time, each True North option converted into
an Interpublic option will be subject to the same terms and conditions as were
applicable immediately prior to the effective time under the related option
agreement and stock option plan under which it was originally granted.

         
Under the terms of the True North stock option plan, the vesting and
exercisability of outstanding True North options will accelerate as a result of
the merger.
Under the terms of the True North outside director stock option
plan, the vesting and exercisability of outstanding stock options held by
non-employee directors will not accelerate as a result of the merger.
The
following table discloses, for each True North employee director, a director who
was formerly the chief financial officer of True North and is currently a
part-time employee, the current chief financial officer of True North and for
all directors and executive officers as a group, the number of True North shares
subject to options that will be subject to accelerated vesting upon the merger.

                                                        
Number of Non-Vested Option
                   Name and Title                                  Shares                        Exercise Price
                   --------------                                  ------                        
--------------

David A. Bell                                                      13,400                            $24.00
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer                             46,667                             37.00
                                                                  115,000                             38.30

Leo-Arthur Kelmenson                                               22,700                             24.00
  Director and Chairman, FCB Worldwide                             33,334                             37.00

J. Brendan Ryan                                                    10,000                             20.00
  Director and Chief Executive Officer,
FCB                        12,000                             27.06
  Worldwide                                                        16,734                             24.00
                                                                   38,000                             37.00
                                                                   73,200                             38.30

Donald L. Seeley (a)                                                8,000                             20.88
  Director and part-time employee                                   8,000                             27.06
                                                                    8,867                             24.00

Kevin J. Smith                                                      6,000                             28.88
   Executive Vice President and Chief                               2,000                             24.00
   Financial Officer                                                4,000                             30.75
                                                                   13,334                             37.00
                                                                   21,600                             38.30

All directors and executive officers as a group (25               821,859                            $35.42(b)
persons)

(a) Represents options granted to Mr. Seeley during the term of his full-time
    employment by True North.

(b) Represents the weighted average exercise price.


Restricted Stock

         Upon the merger, each outstanding share of restricted True North common
stock will convert into shares of Interpublic common stock and no longer be
subject to restrictions pursuant to its terms.
The following table discloses,
for four executive officers and for all executive officers as a group, the
number of shares of restricted stock for which restrictions will lapse upon the
merger.

                                
Name                        Shares of Restricted Stock
                                ----                        
--------------------------

                David A. Bell                                          8,363

                Leo-Arthur Kelmenson                                   3,971

                J. Brendan Ryan                                        7,480

                Kevin J. Smith                                         2,803

                All executive officers as a group                     66,619
                (16 persons)

Employment Agreements

         True North has entered into employment agreements with its executive
officers that provide, among other things, for the payment of severance benefits
in the event of termination of an executive's employment under specified
circumstances.
Although the availability of severance benefits under these
employment agreements does not depend upon the occurrence of a change in
control, some benefits in these employment agreements are accelerated by the
occurrence of a change in control such as the proposed merger.
For example, Mr.
Ryan's employment agreement provides that if he is terminated without cause or
if he terminates his employment for specified reasons within two years following
the merger, the cash portion of his severance payments would be payable in a
lump sum.
Moreover, the employment agreements for Mr. Bell and Mr. Ryan each
provide that, in the event that severance benefits become payable to him within
two years following the merger, then these severance benefits may be reduced to
the extent

necessary to maximize the benefits to him after taking excise and other taxes
into account.
The employment agreements for other True North executive officers
contain similar provisions to those contained in Mr. Bell's and Mr. Ryan's
agreements.


Indemnification and Insurance

         Interpublic has agreed in the merger agreement that all rights under
any organizational documents of True North or any agreement of current and
former directors and officers of True North to indemnification for acts and
omissions before the merger will survive the merger.

         
The merger agreement also provides that, for six years following the
merger, Interpublic will maintain directors' and officers' liability insurance
coverage for the directors and officers of True North to the extent currently
maintained by True North or, if less, to the extent available at a cost not to
exceed 150 percent of the last annual premium paid prior to March 18, 2001.


Executive Benefit Trust

         Within seven days after the True North stockholders approve the merger
and at the end of each 12-month period after that date, True North will transfer
cash or life insurance policies into a trust in an amount sufficient to pay,
when due, the administrative expenses of the trust and the benefits that have
accrued under True North's Part-Time Directors Employment Agreement Program,
Deferred Variable Incentive Compensation Program and Deferred Compensation Plan
(and related predecessor deferred compensation plans) pursuant to their terms.


New Positions at Interpublic

         The merger agreement provides that, on the day of the merger, Mr. Bell
and Mr. Ryan will become members of the Interpublic Board and that Mr. Bell will
become vice chairman of Interpublic.


Anticipated Accounting Treatment

         The merger is expected to qualify as a pooling of interests for
accounting and financial reporting purposes.
Under this method of accounting:

         o        the recorded assets and liabilities of Interpublic and True
                  North will be carried forward to the combined company at their
                  recorded amounts, subject to any adjustments required to
                  conform the accounting policies of the companies; and

         o        income of the combined company will include income of
                  Interpublic and True North for the entire fiscal year in which
                  the merger occurs.

         
Each of Interpublic and True North has agreed that it will do the best
it reasonably can to cause its independent accountants to deliver a letter to
the other relating to the qualification of the merger as a pooling of interests
for accounting purposes.
In addition, each of Interpublic and True North has
agreed not to take any action that would prevent or impede the merger from
qualifying as a pooling of interests for accounting and financial reporting
purposes.
The receipt of the accountants' "pooling" letters is a condition to
the merger that may be waived by Interpublic, but not by True North.


Regulatory Approvals

         We set forth below a summary of the regulatory clearances and approvals
required to effect the merger.
While we believe that we will obtain those
requisite regulatory clearances and approvals for the merger, we cannot assure
you that we will obtain these approvals on satisfactory terms or otherwise.

         
United States.
The merger is subject to the requirements of the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder, which provide that particular transactions may not be completed
until required

information and materials are furnished to the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and the requisite waiting
period has expired or is terminated.
The required information and materials were
filed with the Antitrust Division and the FTC on April 18, 2001.
The waiting
period for the merger is expected to expire on May 18, 2001, absent early
termination, an extension or request for additional information.

         
The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality
under the antitrust laws of transactions like the merger.
At any time before or
after the completion of the merger, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take
any action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or
seeking the divestiture of substantial assets of Interpublic or True North.

         
Outside the United States.
The completion of the merger is also subject
to regulatory clearances and approvals by authorities outside the United States,
consisting primarily of antitrust regulators from the European Union, Japan,
South Africa, Canada and jurisdictions in Latin America, as well as the foreign
investment authority in Australia.
The satisfaction of these regulatory
requirements may jeopardize or delay completion of the merger or may reduce the
anticipated benefits of the merger because governmental authorities may subject
the completion of the merger to compliance with conditions.

         
General.
We are not aware of any governmental approvals or actions that
may be required for completion of the merger other than as described above.

Should any other approval or action be required, we currently contemplate that
the approval would be sought or action taken.

         
The merger agreement obligates each of Interpublic and True North to
complete the merger only if the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act has terminated or expired and if the companies have
obtained or made all other governmental approvals, clearances and filings that,
if not obtained, would have a material adverse effect or the effect of making
the merger illegal.

         
In addition, the merger agreement provides that Interpublic need not
agree to conditions in connection with obtaining regulatory clearances and
approvals if the conditions would have a material and adverse impact on
Interpublic, True North or the benefits that Interpublic would otherwise have
derived from the merger.


Resale of Shares of Interpublic Common Stock

         Shares of Interpublic common stock issuable to True North stockholders
upon completion of the merger will have been registered under the Securities
Act.
These securities may be traded freely in the United States without
restriction by those stockholders who are not deemed to be affiliates of
Interpublic or True North for purposes of the rules promulgated under the
Securities Act.

         
If you are an affiliate of Interpublic or True North as that term is
used in the Securities Act, you may not use this document in connection with any
resale by you of shares of Interpublic common stock that you receive as a result
of the merger.

         
True North has agreed in the merger agreement to use its reasonable
best efforts to cause each person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of True
North to execute and deliver to Interpublic a letter in which the person agrees,
among other things, not to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any of the
shares of Interpublic common stock distributed to them in connection with the
merger, including upon exercise of the True North stock options to be assumed by
Interpublic by reason of the merger, except in compliance with Rule 145 under
the Securities Act, in a transaction that is otherwise exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act or in an offering registered
under the Securities Act.
The letter agreement provides further that the person
may not sell or otherwise reduce his or her risk relative to shares of
Interpublic common stock until Interpublic publishes consolidated financial
results covering at least 30 days of post-merger combined operations of True
North and Interpublic.
In addition, the letter agreement prohibits sales,
pledges, transfers or other dispositions of shares of True North common stock
during the 30 days preceding the merger.
During the periods described above,
subject to providing written notice to Interpublic and other restrictions, and
to the extent permitted under the pooling of interests accounting rules and
applicable securities laws, affiliates of True North will be permitted to sell
or make charitable contributions or gifts of up to 10% of the shares of
Interpublic common stock received by them or True North common stock owned by
them.


No Appraisal Rights

         Under applicable Delaware law, you will have no appraisal rights in
connection with the merger.


Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

         It is the opinion of Sidley & Austin, counsel to True North, and of
Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton, counsel to Interpublic, that subject to the
accuracy of customary representations made by True North and Interpublic, and
subject to customary assumptions, the merger will qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Accordingly,
the following material U.S. federal income tax consequences will result from the
merger:

         o        no gain or loss will be recognized by True North,
                  Interpublic's merger subsidiary or Interpublic as a result of
                  the merger;

         o        no gain or loss will be recognized by you when you receive
                  Interpublic common stock in exchange for True North common
                  stock in the merger, except with respect to cash received in
                  lieu of a fractional share of Interpublic common stock;

         o        the tax basis of the Interpublic common stock received by you
                  in the merger will be the same as the tax basis of your True
                  North common stock surrendered in the merger reduced by the
                  tax basis allocable to fractional shares for which cash is
                  received; and

         o        the holding period for Interpublic common stock that you
                  receive in the merger will include the holding period of your
                  shares of True North common stock if you held the True North
                  common stock as a capital asset at the time of the merger.

         
The opinions are based on the Internal Revenue Code, U.S. Treasury
regulations, current administrative rulings and practice and judicial authority,
all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect.
The
Internal Revenue Service, which we refer to in this document as the Service,
will not be asked to rule on the tax consequences of the merger.
Instead, True
North will rely on the opinion of Sidley & Austin and Interpublic will rely on
the opinion of Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton.
These opinions have been
filed with the Commission, and you can obtain copies of them as described under
"Where You Can Find More Information" on page 70.
An opinion of counsel is not
binding on the Service and the Service could take a position different from what
is reflected in the opinions.
We cannot assure you that the opinions will be
upheld by the courts if challenged by the Service.
We urge you to consult your
own tax and financial advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger for you based on your own particular facts and
circumstances as well as any state, local, foreign or other tax consequences of
the merger.

         
If you receive cash for any fractional share interest in a share of
Interpublic common stock in the merger, you will be treated as though
Interpublic distributed an actual fractional share interest to you and then
redeemed the fractional share interest for cash.
The difference between the cash
amount you will receive for the fractional share interest and the amount of your
tax basis in the True North common stock allocable to that fractional share
interest will generally be capital gain or loss if you hold your True North
common stock as a capital asset at the time of the merger.
Capital gains
recognized by an individual holder on capital assets held for more than one year
generally are treated as long-term capital gains, which are subject to a maximum
rate of 20%.

         
True North stockholders will be required to retain records and file a
statement setting forth facts relating to the merger with their U.S. federal
income tax returns.

         
The treatment of the holder of restricted True North common stock whose
shares convert into shares of Interpublic common stock will depend on whether
the holder made an election under section 83(b) of the Code with respect to the
restricted True North common stock.
If a valid section 83(b) election was made,
the holder will have the same treatment in the merger as the holders of
unrestricted True North common stock.
If a valid section 83(b) election was not
made, the holder generally will recognize ordinary compensation income upon the
receipt of Interpublic common stock equal to the fair market value on the date
of exchange (plus any cash received in lieu of a fractional

share).
A holder who has not made a valid section 83(b) election will be subject
to withholding at the applicable federal, state and local rates.
A holder who
has not made a valid section 83(b) election will also have a tax basis in the
Interpublic shares equal to their fair market value on the date compensation
income with respect to the shares is recognized and a holding period that
commences on the following day.

         
The discussion above summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger, but may not address the particular facts and
circumstances of your situation.
It does not discuss all of the consequences
that may be relevant to you if you are entitled to special treatment under the
Internal Revenue Code (as are insurance companies, dealers in securities or
currencies, traders in securities electing to mark to market, exempt
organizations, holders that hold True North common stock as part of a hedge,
straddle, constructive sale or conversion transaction or foreign persons).

         
The summary set forth above is not a complete analysis of all potential
tax effects of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or the
merger itself.
For example, the summary does not discuss the tax effects of
the conversion of True North options into Interpublic options.
Further, no
information is provided in this document regarding the tax consequences, if any,
of the merger or the exchange of shares in the merger under state, local,
foreign or other tax laws or under proposed changes in applicable tax laws.


New York Stock Exchange Listing of Interpublic Common Stock; De-listing and
De-registration of True North Common Stock

         The listing on the New York Stock Exchange of the shares of Interpublic
common stock to be issued in the merger is a condition to the merger.

         
Following the merger, True North common stock will be de-listed from
the New York Stock Exchange and will be de-registered under the Securities
Exchange Act.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

         The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger
agreement.
This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
merger agreement itself, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this
document.
You should read the merger agreement in its entirety because it is the
primary legal document that governs the merger.


Effective Time of the Merger

         Promptly after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the
merger set forth in the merger agreement, we will file a certificate of merger
with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
When this filing has been made, Veritas
Acquisition Corp., a newly formed wholly owned merger subsidiary of Interpublic,
will be merged with and into True North, and the separate corporate existence of
this merger subsidiary will cease.
True North will survive the merger and exist
as a wholly owned subsidiary of Interpublic.
Immediately following the merger,
the officers of True North at the effective time of the merger will continue as
the officers of True North.
The directors of True North at the effective time of
the merger will be those designated by Interpublic to be directors of its merger
subsidiary.
In addition, the merger agreement provides that, on the day of the
merger, David A. Bell and J. Brendan Ryan will become members of the Interpublic
Board and David A. Bell will become vice-chairman of Interpublic.


What True North Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger

         Each share of True North common stock will convert into the right to
receive 1.14 shares of Interpublic common stock.
This exchange ratio will be
adjusted in the event of any reclassification, stock split or stock dividend
with respect to Interpublic common stock or any change or conversion of
Interpublic common stock prior to the effective time of the merger but will not
be adjusted for any other reason.


True North Stock Options and Deferred Stock Compensation

         Each outstanding True North stock option will become an option to
acquire a number of shares of Interpublic common stock equal to the number of
shares subject to the option multiplied by the exchange ratio, with the exercise
price being adjusted by dividing the exercise price immediately prior to the
merger by the exchange ratio.

         
At the effective time of the merger, each nonemployee director of True
North who elected to receive shares of True North common stock pursuant to the
True North deferred stock compensation program will instead receive the number
of shares of Interpublic common stock equal to the product of:

         o        the number of shares of True North common stock that the
                  nonemployee director would otherwise be entitled to receive;
                  and

         o        the exchange ratio.


Exchange of True North Common Stock

         Interpublic will authorize Equiserve to act as the exchange agent to
handle the exchange of True North common stock certificates in the merger.
Soon
after the closing of the merger, the exchange agent will send to each holder of
True North common stock a letter of transmittal for use in the exchange and
instructions explaining how to surrender certificates to the exchange agent.

Holders who surrender their certificates to the exchange agent, together with a
properly completed letter of transmittal, will receive the appropriate merger
consideration.
Holders of unexchanged stock certificates will receive any
dividends payable by Interpublic after the merger only after they surrender
their certificates.

         
Interpublic will not issue any fractional shares of its common stock in
the merger.
Each holder of True North common stock will instead receive cash
equal to the product of:

         o        the per share closing price on the New York Stock Exchange of
                  the Interpublic common stock on the date of the effective time
                  of the merger; and

         o        the fraction of shares to which the stockholder would
                  otherwise be entitled.

         
If your True North stock certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed, you will only be entitled to obtain Interpublic common stock or other
merger consideration by providing an affidavit of loss and, if required by
Interpublic, posting a bond in an amount sufficient to protect Interpublic
against claims related to your True North certificates.


Representations and Warranties

Representations and Warranties by True North

         The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by True
North, many of which are qualified by a materiality threshold specified in the
agreement, with respect to the following:

         o        its corporate organization and existence;

         o        its capitalization;

         o        its subsidiaries;

         o        its financing and investment obligations;

         o        its agreements and obligations relating to Modem Media, Inc.;

         o        its corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and
                  perform its obligations under the merger agreement;

         o        its Board's:

                  o        approval of the merger;

                  o        determination that the merger is advisable and fair
                           to and in the best interests of True North and its
                           stockholders;

                  o        recommendation that True North's stockholders approve
                           and adopt the merger agreement; and

                  o        direction that the merger agreement be submitted to
                           True North's stockholders for approval and adoption;

         o        required governmental and other third party consents,
                  clearances, approvals, authorizations and notifications in
                  connection with the merger;

         o        compliance of the merger agreement and the merger with True
                  North's organizational documents, contracts and applicable
                  law;

         o        its financial statements and filings with the Commission;

         o        accuracy of information about True North in this document;

         o        its conduct of business in the ordinary course and the absence
                  of undisclosed changes;

         o        its compliance with its organizational documents and
                  applicable law;

         o        its contracts;

         o        tax matters;

         o        the absence of undisclosed litigation, claims or other
                  proceedings;

         o        its employee benefit plans and related matters;

         o        labor matters;

         o        its receipt of an opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated
                  that, as of March 18, 2001, the exchange ratio pursuant to the
                  merger agreement is fair from a financial point of view to the
                  holders of shares of True North common stock;

         o        the required vote of the holders of a majority of the
                  outstanding shares of True North common stock to approve the
                  merger;

         o        the absence of any action or knowledge of any fact or
                  circumstance that would prevent the qualification of the
                  merger as a "pooling of interests" for accounting and
                  financial reporting purposes and as a reorganization within
                  the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code;

         o        brokers' and finders' fees with respect to the merger;

         o        the exemption of the merger agreement and the merger from
                  triggering any rights under the Stockholder Rights Plan of
                  True North, which is described in "Rights Plan" on page 68;

         o        the inapplicability of state anti-takeover statutes to the
                  merger agreement; and

         o        its earn-out and deferred purchase price arrangements.


Representations and Warranties by Interpublic

         The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by
Interpublic and its wholly owned merger subsidiary, many of which are qualified
by a materiality threshold specified in the agreement, with respect to the
following:

         o        its corporate organization and existence;

         o        its capitalization;

         o        its subsidiaries;

         o        its corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and
                  perform its obligations under the merger agreement;

         o        its Board's:

                  o        approval of the merger; and

                  o        determination that the merger is advisable and fair
                           to and in the best interest of Interpublic and its
                           stockholders;

         o        required governmental and other third party consents,
                  clearances, approvals, authorizations and notifications in
                  connection with the merger;

         o        compliance of the merger agreement and the merger with
                  Interpublic's organizational documents, contracts and
                  applicable law;

         o        its financial statements and filings with the Commission;

         o        accuracy of information about Interpublic in this document;

         o        the absence of undisclosed changes;

         o        its compliance with its organizational documents and
                  applicable law;

         o        its contracts;

         o        the absence of undisclosed litigation, claims or other
                  proceedings;

         o        its receipt of an opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co. that, as of
                  March 18, 2001, the exchange ratio is fair, from a financial
                  point of view, to Interpublic;

         o        the absence of any requirement that the stockholders of
                  Interpublic approve the merger agreement or the transactions
                  contemplated by the merger agreement;

         o        the absence of any action or knowledge of any fact or
                  circumstance that would prevent the qualification of the
                  merger as a "pooling of interests" for accounting and
                  financial reporting purposes and as a reorganization within
                  the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code;

         o        brokers' and finders' fees with respect to the merger; and

         o        the formation of the wholly owned merger subsidiary.


Covenants and Other Agreements

Conduct of Business by True North

         True North has agreed that until the merger it will:

         o        conduct its business in the ordinary course;

         o        seek to preserve its business organizations;

         o        seek to keep available the services of its officers and
                  employees;

         o        seek to preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers
                  and others with whom it has business relations;

         o        not pay dividends or make distributions other than regular
                  quarterly cash dividends consistent with past practice;

         o        not engage in other specified transactions relating to its
                  capital stock;

         o        not amend its organizational documents; and

         o        not take any action that would result in its inability to
                  satisfy conditions to the merger.


In addition, True North has agreed that until the merger it will not engage in
any of a number of material transactions specified in the agreement.


Conduct of Business by Interpublic

         Interpublic has agreed that until the merger it will not:

         o        pay dividends or make distributions other than regular
                  quarterly dividends consistent with past practice;

         o        liquidate or dissolve itself;

         o        amend its organizational documents in a manner adverse to
                  holders of its or True North's common stock; or

         o        take any actions that would result in its inability to satisfy
                  conditions to the merger.


No Solicitation

         True North has agreed in the merger agreement that it will not, and
will not authorize or knowingly allow its subsidiaries or its officers,
directors, representatives or advisors or those of its subsidiaries to:

         o        solicit, initiate or purposefully encourage any takeover
                  proposal;

         o        enter into any agreements with respect to any takeover
                  proposal;

         o        engage in any discussions or negotiations concerning any
                  takeover proposal;

         o        furnish any information in connection with any takeover
                  proposal;

         o        knowingly facilitate any takeover proposal or inquiries that
                  may lead to a takeover proposal;

         o        waive or amend any confidentiality, standstill or similar
                  agreement relating to any takeover proposal; or

         o        amend or grant releases or approve any transaction or redeem
                  any rights under the Stockholder Rights Plan of True North.

         
Under the merger agreement, a takeover proposal is any offer or
proposal by any third party, or any public announcement or filing by any third
party that indicates an intention to make an offer or proposal, regarding any of
the following:

         o        a merger, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization or
                  other business combination involving True North or any of its
                  significant subsidiaries; or

         o        the acquisition of a 15% or greater equity interest in, 15% or
                  more of the voting securities or capital stock of, or 15% or
                  more of the assets of True North or any of its significant
                  subsidiaries.

         
However, True North may enter into discussions or negotiations with, or
furnish information to, a third party that makes an unsolicited, bona fide
written takeover proposal if:

         o        after taking into consideration the advice of independent
                  legal counsel, the True North Board determines in good faith
                  that these actions are necessary for the Board to comply with
                  its fiduciary duties;

         
o        the takeover proposal is not subject to any financing
                  contingencies, or copies of bona fide customary commitments
                  from reputable financial institutions for all necessary
                  financing have been furnished to True North;

         o        the True North Board determines in good faith that the
                  takeover proposal is reasonably likely to be consummated; and

         o        the True North Board, after consultation with and
                  consideration of the advice of an independent, nationally
                  recognized financial advisor, determines that the takeover
                  proposal would be more favorable from a financial point of
                  view to its stockholders than the merger.

         
The merger agreement defines a takeover proposal that satisfies those
criteria as a superior proposal and requires, before the True North Board takes
any action with respect to a superior proposal, that it:

         o        deliver written notice to Interpublic at least two business
                  days before True North enters into discussions or negotiations
                  with, or furnishes information to, the party making the
                  proposal; and

         o        require the party making the proposal to enter into a
                  customary confidentiality agreement.

         
Furthermore, if the True North Board decides to enter into discussions
or negotiations with, or furnish information to, a party making a takeover
proposal, then the merger agreement requires True North to:

         o        notify Interpublic of this decision, and furnish Interpublic
                  with the material terms of the takeover proposal and the
                  identity of the party making the proposal, as promptly as
                  practicable and not later than 48 hours after this decision by
                  the True North Board; and

         o        provide Interpublic with all material changes to the proposal,
                  and with all information furnished to the party making the
                  proposal that True North had not previously furnished to
                  Interpublic, as promptly as practicable and not later than 48
                  hours after True North learns of the changes or furnishes the
                  information.

         
True North has also agreed to, and will direct its subsidiaries and its
officers, directors, employees, representatives and advisors to, cease any
activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties other than Interpublic
with respect to any takeover proposal that was ongoing at the time of the merger
agreement.


Obligation to Recommend

         The True North Board has agreed to recommend to its stockholders the
adoption of the merger agreement.
The merger agreement does not permit the True
North Board to withdraw or modify its recommendation unless:

         o        True North has complied with the restrictions on solicitation
                  described above;

         o        there is a pending unsolicited bona fide written superior
                  proposal;

         o        after taking into consideration the advice of independent
                  legal counsel, the True North Board determines in good faith
                  that this action is necessary to comply with its fiduciary
                  duties; and

         o        at least two business days before this action, True North
                  notifies Interpublic of its intention and provides Interpublic
                  with the material terms of the superior proposal and the
                  identity of the party making the superior proposal.


Expenses

         Whether or not the merger is completed, all expenses incurred in
connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement will be paid by the party incurring the expenses, except that
the costs of filing, printing and mailing this document and any other required
regulatory filings will be shared equally by Interpublic and True North and
except as described below under "Termination Fee" on page 49.


Consents and Approvals

         Interpublic and True North have agreed to use their reasonable best
efforts to make all filings with, and obtain all consents, clearances and
approvals from, regulators and other third parties if required in connection
with the merger, including under U.S. and non-U.S. antitrust laws.
In connection
with seeking any approval of a governmental entity, the efforts of Interpublic
may include divesting or holding separate assets or agreeing to governmental
conditions.
However, these efforts of Interpublic need not include the
acceptance of conditions or any other actions that would have a material and
adverse impact on Interpublic, True North or the benefits that Interpublic would
otherwise have derived from the merger.


Indemnification and Insurance

         See "Interests of True North's Directors and Management in the Merger"
on page 35.


Employee Matters

         Interpublic has agreed to cause True North to honor all its existing
employment, bonus, severance and similar agreements following the merger.
In
addition, until at least December 31, 2001, the material benefit plans of True
North, other than equity-based plans, will remain in place.
From January 1, 2002
until at least June 30, 2002, employees of True North at the time of the merger
will receive from the combined company benefits, other than equity-based
benefits, that are at least as favorable as those under True North's existing
plans and these employees will be eligible to participate in equity plans of
Interpublic on a substantially equivalent basis as similarly situated employees
of Interpublic.
Employees will generally receive credit for their period of
service with True North up to the merger.

         
Interpublic has agreed to use reasonable efforts to cause any
acquisitions of equity securities of Interpublic (including derivative
securities) contemplated by the merger by each individual who becomes a director
or officer of Interpublic to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.


Conditions to the Merger

Conditions to Obligation of Each Party to Complete the Merger

         Each of Interpublic's and True North's respective obligations to
complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

         o        Stockholder Approval.
The True North stockholders shall have
                  approved and adopted the merger agreement;

         o        Listing.
The Interpublic common stock to be issued in
                  connection with the merger shall have been approved for
                  listing on the New York Stock Exchange;

         o        HSR Act.
The waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
                  Antitrust Improvements Act shall have expired or terminated;

         o        Governmental Consents.
All governmental consents and approvals
                  required in connection with the merger shall have been
                  obtained except where the failure to obtain the consents and
                  approvals would not have a material adverse effect as
                  specified in the merger agreement or render the merger
                  illegal;

         o        Effectiveness of the Registration Statement.
The registration
                  statement of which this document is a part shall have been
                  declared effective and the Commission shall not have issued
                  any stop order or have initiated or threatened to initiate
                  proceedings for that purpose; and

         o        No Order.
No law, rule, regulation, executive order, decree,
                  injunction or other order of a governmental entity shall
                  prohibit the consummation of the merger.


Additional Conditions to the Obligation of Interpublic to Complete the Merger

         The obligation of Interpublic to complete the merger is also subject to
the following conditions:

         o        Representations and Warranties.
The representations and
                  warranties of True North in the merger agreement shall be true
                  and correct as of the closing of the merger in all material
                  respects;

         o        Covenants.
True North shall have complied in all material
                  respects with all its covenants under the merger agreement;

         o        Tax Opinion.
Interpublic shall have received the written
                  opinion of its counsel, Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton,
                  with respect to the tax-free nature of the merger;

         o        Non-governmental Consents.
All non-governmental consents or
                  approvals required in connection with the merger shall have
                  been obtained except where the failure to obtain the consents
                  and approvals would not have a material adverse effect as
                  specified in the merger agreement; and

         o        Accounting.
True North and Interpublic shall have received the
                  written opinion of their respective auditors, Arthur Andersen
                  and PricewaterhouseCoopers, as to the accounting of the
                  business combination as a pooling of interests.


Additional Conditions to the Obligation of True North to Complete the Merger

         The obligation of True North to complete the merger is also subject to
the following conditions:

         o        Representations and Warranties.
The representations and
                  warranties of Interpublic in the merger agreement shall be
                  true and correct as of the closing of the merger in all
                  material respects;

         o        Covenants.
Interpublic shall have complied in all material
                  respects with all its covenants under the merger agreement;

         o        Tax Opinion.
True North shall have received the written
                  opinion of its counsel, Sidley & Austin, with respect to the
                  tax-free nature of the merger; and

         o        Non-governmental Consents.
All non-governmental consents or
                  approvals required in connection with the merger shall have
                  been obtained except where the failure to obtain the consents
                  and approvals would not have a material adverse effect as
                  specified in the merger agreement.

         
Other than the conditions pertaining to stockholder approvals and the
legality of the transaction, True North could elect to waive conditions and
complete the merger.
However, if True North determines to waive any material
condition, it will consider whether to resolicit proxies or seek a new
stockholder approval and will do so if required by law.


Termination

         The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the closing
of the merger:

         o        by mutual written consent of True North and Interpublic;

         o        by either Interpublic or True North if:

                  o        the other party breaches, in any material respect,
                           any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
                           contained in the merger agreement and the breach is
                           not cured within thirty business days after notice;

                  o        a legal prohibition against the merger becomes
                           permanent and final;

                  o        the merger has not been completed by September 14,
                           2001, which date, if all governmental clearances and
                           approvals required for the completion of the merger
                           have not then been obtained, may be extended to
                           December 13, 2001; or

                  o        the True North stockholders do not adopt the merger
                           agreement at the special meeting.

         
o        by Interpublic if:

                  o        True North fails to comply with its obligations to
                           refrain from soliciting or taking other specified
                           actions in connection with acquisition proposals to
                           True North by third parties;

                  o        the True North Board withdraws or adversely modifies
                           its approval or recommendation of the merger;

                  o        any person or entity, other than Interpublic and its
                           affiliates, becomes the beneficial owner of 15% or
                           more of the outstanding shares of True North common
                           stock;

                  o        the True North Board recommends or resolves to
                           recommend another acquisition proposal; or

                  o        a tender offer or exchange offer for 15% or more of
                           the outstanding shares of True North common stock
                           commences and the True North Board fails to recommend
                           against acceptance of the offer.


Except for a termination by either company as a result of the failure of the
True North stockholders to adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting,
any of the foregoing termination events may occur even if the True North
stockholders approve the merger at the special meeting.


Termination Fee

         The merger agreement requires True North to pay Interpublic a
termination fee of $80,000,000 in cash if either:

         o        Interpublic terminates the merger agreement after:

                  o        the True North Board withdraws or adversely modifies
                           its approval or recommendation of the merger;

                  o        any person or entity, other than Interpublic and its
                           affiliates, becomes the beneficial owner of 15% or
                           more of the outstanding shares of True North common
                           stock;

                  o        the True North Board recommends or resolves to
                           recommend another acquisition proposal; or

               o     a tender offer or exchange offer for 15% or more of the
                     outstanding shares of True North common stock is commenced
                     and the True North Board fails to recommend against
                     acceptance of that offer; or

      o    all three of the following circumstances apply:

               o     first, the merger agreement terminates as follows:

                     o        Interpublic terminates after True North
                              breaches, in any material respect, any covenant
                              or agreement contained in the merger agreement
                              and the breach is not cured within thirty
                              business days after notice;

                     o        Interpublic terminates after True North fails to
                              comply with its obligations to refrain from
                              soliciting or taking other specified actions in
                              connection with acquisition proposals to True
                              North by third parties; or

                     o        Interpublic or True North terminates after:

                              
o        the merger has not been completed by
                                       September 14, 2001, which date, if all
                                       governmental clearances and approvals
                                       required for the completion of the
                                       merger have not then been obtained, may
                                       be extended to December 13, 2001; or

                              o        the True North stockholders do not
                                       adopt the merger agreement at the
                                       special meeting; and

               o     second, at or before the event that gave rise to the
                     termination, a third party, which, with its affiliates, has
                     assets of at least $100 million, makes a takeover proposal;
                     and

               o     third, at or before the first anniversary of the
                     termination, a third party acquisition event, as specified
                     in the merger agreement, occurs or True North enters into
                     an agreement relating to a third party acquisition event.
                     
Amendments

         Interpublic and True North may amend the merger agreement at any time
prior to the adoption of the merger agreement at the True North special meeting.

However, after adoption of the merger agreement by the True North stockholders,
the merger agreement may not be amended without stockholder approval unless
permitted by applicable law.

                           
MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

Interpublic

         Shares of Interpublic common stock are traded on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol "IPG."
The following table sets forth the range of
high and low sales prices as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite
Tape, together with the dividends per share of common stock declared by
Interpublic, during the periods indicated.
We have adjusted the information in
the table to reflect Interpublic's two-for-one stock split on July 15, 1999
effected in the form of a stock dividend.

                                                                        
Common Stock Price
                                                                   ---------------------------         Cash Dividends
                                                                      High               Low         Declared Per Share
                                                                   ---------           
-------       ------------------

Year ended December 31, 1998
- ----------------------------

First Quarter...........................................           $  31.313           $23.844           $ 0.065
Second Quarter..........................................              32.250            27.656             0.075
Third Quarter...........................................              32.438            26.094             0.075
Fourth Quarter..........................................              39.875            23.500             0.075

Year ended December 31, 1999
- ----------------------------
First Quarter...........................................           $  40.000           $34.875           $ 0.075
Second Quarter..........................................              
43.313            34.594             0.085
Third Quarter...........................................              44.063            36.500             0.085
Fourth Quarter..........................................              58.063            35.750             0.085

Year ended December 31, 2000
- ----------------------------
First Quarter...........................................           $  55.563           $37.000           $ 0.085
Second Quarter..........................................              
48.250            38.000             0.095
Third Quarter...........................................              44.625            33.500             0.095
Fourth Quarter..........................................              43.750            33.063             0.095

Year ended December 31, 2001
- ----------------------------
First Quarter...........................................            $ 47.438           $32.047           $ 0.095

         On March 16, 2001, the last trading day before Interpublic and True
North announced the merger, the closing price per share of Interpublic common
stock was $35.297.