URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/910638/000095014801500497/0000950148-01-500497.txt

See
       Section 11 -- "Background of the Offer; Past Contacts, Transactions or
       Negotiations with DTM" for more detailed information.

           - Neither we, nor, to the best of our knowledge, any of the persons
             listed on Schedule I to this document, has had, within the past two
             years, any other business relationships or transactions with DTM or
             any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates that would
             require reporting under the rules and regulations of the SEC
             applicable to this document;

           - Within the past two years, there have been no other contacts,
             negotiations or transactions between us or, to the best of our
             knowledge, any of the persons listed on Schedule I to this
             document, and DTM or its affiliates, concerning a merger,
             consolidation or acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of
             securities, election of directors or a sale or other transfer of a
             material amount of assets; and

     - As a result of the tender and voting agreements, we have beneficial
       ownership over all of the shares of DTM common stock beneficially owned
       by each of DTM Acquisition Company, L.P. and Mr. John S. Murchison, III.
       
See Section 13 -- "The Merger Agreement and the Tender and Voting
       Agreements" for more detailed information.
Neither we nor, to the best of
       our knowledge, any of the persons listed on Schedule I to this document,
       beneficially owns or has any right to acquire any other shares or has
       effected any other transactions in the shares of DTM common stock during
       the past 60 days.

     
Available Information.
We are subject to the informational requirements of
the Exchange Act and file periodic reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC relating to our business, financial condition and other
matters.
These reports, proxy statements and other information are available for
inspection at the SEC, and copies can be obtained from the SEC in the same
manner as is set forth with respect to DTM in Section 8 -- "Information
Concerning DTM."

10.
SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS.

     
The offer is conditioned upon the receipt of all financing necessary to
fund our financial obligations arising from the offer, the merger and all the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
We estimate that the total
amount of funds required to consummate the offer and the merger, to pay for the
cancellation of employee stock options and to pay our related fees and expenses
will be approximately $48,000,000.
We will obtain the necessary funds through
available cash on hand and through the two credit facilities described below.

     
It is anticipated that the indebtedness incurred under the credit
facilities will be repaid from funds generated from our general business
operations and from other sources that may include proceeds from a private or
public sale of debt or equity securities.
No final decision has been made
concerning the methods which we may employ to repay the indebtedness.
We
currently have no other financing arrangements or alternative financing plans in
place in the event the credit facilities described below fall through.
In such a
situation, we will seek alternative sources of financing.

     
Credit Facilities.  
Pursuant to a letter agreement dated April 24, 2001,
U.S. Bank N.A. has committed to make us loans consisting of a $26,500,000
revolving line of credit and a $15,000,000 commercial term loan, upon the terms
and conditions described in the letter agreement.
The purpose of the credit
facilities is to assist us in our acquisition of DTM and thereafter to finance
our working capital and general corporate needs.

     
The interest rate applicable to both credit facilities will be at our
option either: (1) the prime rate plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.0%, or
(2) the 90 day reserve adjusted LIBOR, or London Inter-Bank Offer Rate, plus a
margin ranging from 2.0% to 2.75%.
The margin for each rate will vary depending
upon our interest-bearing-debt-to-our earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization.
The terms prime rate, LIBOR and
interest-bearing-debt will have the meanings customary for financings of this
type.

     
The revolving credit facility will mature three years after the closing
date of the offer.
The term loan will mature 66 months from the closing date of
the offer.
For the revolving line of credit, interest will be payable monthly
and the principal will be due in full at maturity.
For the term loan, only the
interest is

due during the first six months; thereafter, the balance of the loan will be
amortized over five years requiring quarterly principal payments equal to the
lesser of the outstanding principal balance or $750,000, plus interest.
The term
loan is also subject to a debt recapture provision that requires 40% of our
"excess cash flow" to be applied toward principal reduction on an annual basis.

     
The letter agreement provides that U.S. Bank will receive a first priority
security interest in our and DTM's accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and
general intangibles (including certain intellectual property assets).
We will
also pledge the stock of DTM as collateral for the credit facilities.
In
addition, we will provide U.S. Bank with customary and appropriate
representations and warranties and covenants (which will require us to meet
various financial ratios on a periodic basis).

     
Funding of the above mentioned credit facilities will be subject to the
satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including but not limited to, the
closing of the offer, the bank's perfection of title in certain of our assets,
the receipt of third party permits and consents and such other matters as
customary or appropriate for a financing of this type.

     
This summary of the letter agreement does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the letter agreement, which is
attached and which is incorporated herein by reference.


11.
BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; PAST CONTACTS, TRANSACTIONS OR NEGOTIATIONS WITH
DTM.

     
In November 1999, Mr. G. Walter Loewenbaum II, our Chairman, and Mr.
Anthony Mariotti, a director of DTM, had a lunch meeting and discussed on a
preliminary basis, the possibility of 3D Systems and DTM entering into a
transaction.
Following this meeting, Mr. Brian Service, our Chief Executive
Officer and President, had preliminary telephonic conversations with Mr.
Mariotti to further discuss the possibility of entering into a transaction.
To
facilitate these discussions, on January 25, 2000, the parties entered into a
confidentiality agreement.
On February 9, 2000, Mr. Service, Mr. Loewenbaum, Mr.
Charles Hull, our Chief Technology Officer and Mr. A. Sidney Alpert, our then
general counsel, held a preliminary meeting in Austin, Texas with John S.
Murchison, III, DTM's Chief Executive Officer and President, Geoffrey W.
Kreiger, DTM's Chief Financial Officer, Kevin McAlea, DTM's Vice President of
Marketing and Business Development and Mr. Mariotti, to discuss their mutual
interest in a potential business combination.

     
On February 16, 2000, we held a regular board meeting at our principal
corporate offices in Valencia, California.
During this meeting, Mr. Service, as
part of his regular strategic overview, provided the Board with information
concerning these preliminary discussions.
No formal action relating to any
business combination was taken by the Board at this time.

     
Throughout February and March 2000, informal discussions continued between
our representatives and those of DTM.
During this period, we met with A.G.
Edwards & Sons, Inc. and discussed a possible combination with DTM.
In addition,
3D Systems and DTM exchanged certain limited valuation analyses following which
we orally communicated a preliminary proposal to Mr. Mariotti to acquire all of
the outstanding securities of DTM.
Mr. Mariotti informed us that DTM did not
accept our proposal.
On May 2, 2000, we held a regular board meeting at which
Mr. Service updated the board of directors with respect to discussions with DTM
and informed the board of directors that in light of the differences in
valuation analyses and due to other business developments, discussions with DTM
had ceased.

     
On May 10, 2000, we engaged A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. to provide certain
financial advisory services in the event that we determined to pursue a business
combination.
Thereafter, from time to time, A.G. Edwards advised us with respect
to possible acquisition candidates, including DTM.

     
On February 22, 2001, Mr. Loewenbaum met with Mr. Mariotti in Austin, Texas
to again discuss potential strategic opportunities of a business combination of
the companies in light of certain changes in the business climate and DTM's
recent strong earnings performance and litigation proceedings between DTM and
EOS GmbH.
At that time, EOS was threatening to cause us to become a party to
this litigation because EOS's lawsuit against DTM alleges that DTM has infringed
and continues to infringe certain U.S. patents licensed to EOS by us.
On
February 23, 2001, Messrs. Loewenbaum, Service and

Mariotti met in Austin, Texas and continued discussions regarding a possible
combination.
During these meetings, the parties discussed the current operations
of DTM, the structure of a proposed transaction and the potential synergies of a
combination.

     
On February 28, 2001, we held a regular board meeting during which Mr.
Service summarized the discussions conducted with DTM and the structure of a
proposed acquisition.
The Board authorized management to present a non-binding
offer letter to DTM to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock of
DTM for $5.25 per share by means of a cash tender offer followed by a merger of
DTM and a newly-formed subsidiary.
That same day, we submitted to DTM a
non-binding offer letter to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common
stock of DTM for $5.25 per share, subject to, among other conditions,
satisfactory conclusion of due diligence, a 30-day exclusivity period and an
agreement from certain key shareholders to tender their shares and support the
proposed transaction.

     
On March 12, 2001, Hoak Breedlove Wesneski & Co., DTM's financial advisor,
contacted A.G. Edwards and indicated that the special committee had reviewed our
non-binding offer letter dated February 28, 2001 and also had received and was
considering a proposal from another potential acquiror.
Hoak Breedlove indicated
the special committee would not grant us a period of exclusivity based on our
proposed offer letter.

     
On March 13, 2001, we submitted a letter to the special committee
indicating that we were unwilling to commit the substantial time and resources
necessary to launch our due diligence investigation in the presence of the
competing offer.
We reiterated our earlier proposal as set forth in the February
28, 2001 offer letter including the period of exclusivity.

     
On March 13 and 14, 2001, discussions continued between the parties
regarding the valuation of DTM, the exclusivity period and the proposed
transaction.
On March 14, 2001, Hoak Breedlove contacted A.G. Edwards and
indicated that the special committee had received our March 13, 2001 letter but
believed the proposed price was not sufficient to grant us a period of
exclusivity in which to conduct our due diligence.
In a separate conversation on
March 14, 2001, Hoak Breedlove indicated to A.G. Edwards that the special
committee believed that the price per share should be increased and that the
exclusivity period should be reduced from 30 days to not more than two weeks.

Separately, on March 14, 2001, Mr. Mariotti contacted Mr. Service directly and
discussed the special committee's response to our proposal, specifically that
the offer price should be increased and that the special committee would agree
to a maximum two-week period of exclusivity.
Mr. Service inquired as to whether
a price range of $5.50-6.00 would be sufficient and Mr. Mariotti expressed his
belief that such a price range would be adequate to justify granting us a
two-week exclusivity period, but that any decision would be made by the special
committee.

     
On March 15, 2001, we submitted another non-binding offer letter to acquire
DTM for a price in the range of $5.50-$6.00 per share, subject to, among other
things, satisfactory completion of due diligence and a two-week period of
exclusivity.
Later that day, Hoak Breedlove contacted A.G. Edwards and indicated
that the special committee had agreed to grant us a two-week period of
exclusivity based on our March 15, 2001 non-binding offer letter.

     
During the next several days, our representatives negotiated the terms of
the exclusivity agreement and a confidentiality agreement with DTM, and on March
17, 2001, the parties executed and delivered the exclusivity agreement and the
confidentiality agreement.

     
Beginning on March 16, 2001, representatives of A.G. Edwards held
discussions with certain potential lending sources relating to the financing
necessary to fund the contemplated transactions.

     
On March 18 and 19, 2001, our principals together with representatives of
A.G. Edwards and Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer and Feld, L.L.P., our outside
counsel, commenced preliminary business and legal due diligence.
Additional due
diligence was conducted in meetings with DTM management on March 20-22, 2001 in
Austin, Texas by certain of our officers, together with representatives of A.G.
Edwards, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer and Feld, L.L.P., and Deloitte and Touche, our
independent

public accountants, concerning the business, financial, accounting, legal
intellectual property rights and other affairs of DTM.
The parties continued
these due diligence activities during the following week.

     
On March 26 and 27, 2001, certain members of our management together with
representatives of A.G. Edwards made presentations to potential lenders.

Beginning the week of March 26, we received several written proposals from
potential lending sources.

     
On March 27, 2001, our board of directors held a telephonic meeting to
discuss the proposed business combination, which included a presentation from
our management regarding the status of due diligence and negotiations.
During
that meeting, A.G. Edwards presented its financial analysis with regard to the
proposed transaction.
On that same day, we submitted to the special committee a
non-binding offer letter to acquire DTM for $5.75 per share.
On March 28, 2001,
our outside counsel provided to the parties a preliminary draft of the merger
agreement.

     
On March 28, 2001, Hoak Breedlove contacted A.G. Edwards on behalf of the
special committee to propose a purchase price of $6.00 per share.
Hoak Breedlove
also discussed certain of the other terms in the draft merger agreement.

     
Between March 28, 2001 and April 2, 2001 there were various meetings and
telephonic conferences between our principals and representatives of A.G.
Edwards and our outside counsel, on the one hand, and principles of DTM, Hoak
Breedlove and DTM's outside counsel, on the other, to negotiate provisions of
the merger agreement and the tender and voting agreements, and additional due
diligence was conducted by our outside counsel.
On April 1, 2001, Messrs.
Loewenbaum and Mariotti together with their respective representatives met to
negotiate certain remaining terms in the merger agreement including, among other
things, the purchase price and receipt by us of financing adequate to fund the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
Following these discussions,
the parties agreed to recommend to their respective boards of directors a
purchase price of $5.80 per share.

     
In the morning of April 2, 2001, our board of directors held a special
meeting by telephonic conference to discuss the merger agreement and the
proposed transaction.
The board of directors received and participated in a
presentation by A.G. Edwards with respect to the financial terms of the proposed
transaction.
At the conclusion of its presentation, a representative of A.G.
Edwards delivered the oral opinion of A.G. Edwards to the board of directors
that, as of such date, an offer price of $5.80 per share of DTM common stock was
fair from a financial point of view to our stockholders.
A.G. Edwards
subsequently confirmed its oral opinion by letter dated April 2, 2001.
Our
outside counsel summarized the material terms of the merger agreement and
discussed the results of the due diligence investigation.
Mr. Service presented
to the Board details regarding DTM and recent discussions with the principals of
DTM.
At the conclusion of the meeting, the board of directors approved and
authorized the execution of the merger agreement, the tender and voting
agreements and the commencement of the offer consistent with the terms of the
merger agreement.

     
Later on April 2, 2001, DTM informed us that its board of directors had
approved the execution of the merger agreement, the tender and voting agreements
and the completion of the transactions contemplated by those agreements and
declared the advisability of the merger agreement and resolved to recommend
acceptance of the offer and adoption of the merger agreement by the holders of
shares of DTM common stock.

     
On April 2, 2001, the respective parties to the merger agreement and the
tender and voting agreements executed and delivered those agreements and on
April 3, 2001, we and DTM issued a joint press release announcing the signing of
the merger agreement.

     
Commencing April 2, 2001 and continuing through April 23, 2001, the
potential lending sources conducted their due diligence investigation.
On April
24, 2001, we received a commitment letter from U.S. Bank and during the next two
days together with our outside counsel and financial advisor negotiated certain
of its terms.
On April 26, 2001, we held a special telephonic board meeting
during which Mr. Service presented the material terms of the commitment letter.

At the conclusion of the meeting, the

board of directors approved and authorized the execution of the commitment
letter.
On April 27, 2001, we issued a press release announcing the execution of
the commitment letter.

     
Pursuant to the merger agreement, the parties agreed to commence the tender
offer on April 30, 2001.


12.
PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; PLANS FOR DTM.

     
The purpose of the offer is for us to acquire the entire equity interest in
DTM.
The purpose of the merger is for us to acquire all of the equity interest
in DTM not acquired pursuant to the offer.
Upon consummation of the merger, DTM
will become our wholly owned subsidiary.
The acquisition of the entire equity
interest in DTM has been structured as a cash tender offer followed by a cash
merger in order to provide a prompt transfer of ownership of the equity interest
in DTM from you to us and to provide you with cash for all of your shares.

     
Under Texas law, the approval of DTM's board of directors and, under
certain circumstances, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares present at a duly constituted meeting are required to approve
and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
agreement.
Alternatively, Texas law and the articles of incorporation of DTM
permit the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the related
transactions by written consent of the holders of at least 67% of the
outstanding shares of DTM common stock.
DTM has agreed to take all action
necessary to convene a meeting of its shareholders as promptly as practicable
after the consummation of the offer for the purpose of obtaining shareholder
approval of the merger (if required by applicable law to consummate the merger)
or in place of that meeting, we have agreed to cause the merger agreement to be
adopted by written consent of the shareholders of DTM.
The shareholders' meeting
will be held as soon as practicable (subject to any statutory or other
restrictions) following the purchase of the shares of DTM common stock pursuant
to the offer.
If a meeting of DTM shareholders is required, a proxy statement
containing detailed information concerning the merger will be furnished to
shareholders of DTM in connection with that meeting.

     
If we own at least 90% of the outstanding shares of DTM common stock, we
will not need to hold the shareholders' meeting described in the previous
paragraph.
Texas law provides for a "short-form" merger under which the merger
will become effective as soon as practicable after the expiration date without a
meeting of the DTM shareholders and without the written consent of the DTM
shareholders.

     
At a meeting duly called and held on April 2, 2001, the DTM board of
directors:

     - after evaluating the merger, determined that each of the merger agreement
       and the tender and voting agreements is advisable and fair to, and in the
       best interests of DTM's shareholders;

     - approved the execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement
       and each of the tender and voting agreements and completion of the
       transactions contemplated by those agreements, including the offer and
       the merger; and

     - declared the advisability of the merger agreement and resolved to
       recommend the acceptance of the offer and the adoption of the merger
       agreement by DTM's shareholders.

     
The only remaining corporate action of DTM that may be required is the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the agreement by the holders of a majority of the shares of DTM common stock
(or by 67% if approved by written consent of the shareholders in lieu of a
meeting).
If the minimum condition is satisfied, we will have sufficient voting
power to cause the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby without the affirmative vote of any other
shareholder of DTM.
We have agreed to vote all shares of DTM common stock owned
by us in favor of the merger.
If we acquire at least 90% of the shares of DTM
common stock in the offer we will complete a short-form merger without the vote
or written consent of the DTM shareholders.

     
Rule 13e-3.
The SEC has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act, which is
applicable to certain "going private" transactions and which may, under certain
circumstances, be applicable to the merger.
We believe, however, that Rule 13e-3
will not be applicable to the merger if the merger is consummated within one
year after the termination of the offer at the same per share price as paid in
the offer.
If applicable, Rule 13e-3 requires, among other things, that certain
financial information concerning DTM and certain information relating to the
fairness of the merger and the consideration offered to minority shareholders in
the merger be filed with the SEC and disclosed to shareholders prior to
consummation of the merger.

     Plans for DTM.
If we purchase DTM common stock pursuant to the offer, the
merger agreement provides that we will be entitled to designate representatives
to serve on DTM's board of directors in proportion to our ownership of DTM
common stock following that purchase; provided, however, that until the
effective time of the merger, there must be at least two directors who are
directors of DTM on April 2, 2001 and not officers of DTM or our affiliates.

Promptly upon the consummation of the offer, we currently intend to seek maximum
representation on DTM's board of directors as permitted by the merger agreement.

We expect that our representation on DTM's board of directors would permit us to
exert substantial influence over DTM's conduct of its business and operations.

As a result of the merger, our directors and officers immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger will become the directors and officers,
respectively, of DTM, as the surviving corporation.
See Section 13 -- "The
Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting Agreements, the Confidentiality
Agreement and the Exclusivity Agreement" for more detailed information.

     
Following the consummation of the offer, we intend to cause the DTM common
stock to cease to be authorized or to be quoted in an automated quotation system
operated by a national securities association and to terminate the registration
of the DTM common stock pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act.
We
expect that initially following the merger, the business and operations of DTM
will be continued substantially as they are currently being conducted.
We will
continue to evaluate the business and operations of DTM during the pendency of
the offer and, after the consummation of the offer and the merger, we will take
those actions as we deem appropriate under the circumstances then existing.
We
intend to seek additional information about DTM during this period.
Thereafter,
we intend to review this information as part of a comprehensive review of DTM's
business, assets, operations, capitalization, dividend policy, management and
personnel, with a view to optimizing development of DTM's potential in
conjunction with our current and future business.

     
Except as described above or elsewhere in this document, we have no present
plans or proposals that would relate to or result in the following:

     - an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization
       or liquidation, involving DTM or any of its subsidiaries (other than
       possible intercompany transactions among DTM, its subsidiaries and us);

     - a purchase, sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of DTM or any
       of its subsidiaries;

     - any change in the present board of directors or management of DTM;

     - any material change in the present dividend rate or policy, or
       indebtedness or capitalization of DTM;

     - any other material change in DTM's business or corporate structure;

     - any action similar to any of those enumerated above.

13.
THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENTS, THE CONFIDENTIALITY
    AGREEMENT AND THE EXCLUSIVITY AGREEMENT.

     
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger
agreement, the tender and voting agreements, the confidentiality agreement and
the exclusivity agreement, copies of which are attached as exhibits to the
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO we filed with the SEC in connection with
the

offer.
These summaries do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to the merger agreement the tender and voting agreements,
the confidentiality agreement and the exclusivity agreement, each of which we
incorporate by reference.
You should read these agreements carefully in their
entirety.


THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The Offer

     Structure, Timing and Conditions.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, within
five business days of our receipt of commitments from financial institutions or
other equity or debt sources sufficient in amount to allow us to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, we will commence the offer to
acquire all the outstanding shares of DTM common stock from the shareholders at
$5.80 per share, net to the shareholder in cash, without interest, less any
required withholding taxes.
The offer will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York
City time on the 20th business day following the commencement of the offer,
unless otherwise extended.
We will accept for payment and pay for all shares of
DTM common stock validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the offer as
promptly as practicable after the expiration date of the offer.
Our obligation
to accept for payment, purchase and pay for any shares of DTM common stock
validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the offer is subject to certain
conditions described in Section 14 -- "Conditions to Our Obligations.
"

     Changes to the Offer Terms.
We may, in our sole discretion, modify the
terms and conditions of the offer and waive any condition described under
Section 14 -- "Conditions to Our Obligations," except that, without the prior
written consent of DTM, we may not:

     - decrease the offer price;

     - change the form of consideration to be paid pursuant to the offer;

     - reduce the maximum number of shares to be purchased in the offer;

     - impose conditions to the offer in addition to those set forth in Section
       14 -- "Conditions to Our Obligations;"

     - extend the offer, except as provided below;

     - amend any other term of the offer in any manner materially adverse to
       holders of shares of DTM common stock; or

     - amend or waive the minimum condition.

     
Extension of the Offer.
We may from time to time, in our sole discretion,
extend the initial expiration date of the offer if, on the initial expiration
date, not all the conditions of the offer are satisfied or waived.
We may,
without the consent of DTM, extend any expiration date of the offer for any
period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC
or for any period required by applicable law.
In addition, we have agreed to
extend the offer from time to time until June 29, 2001, if on the initial
expiration date of the offer, or any extension thereof, the conditions of the
offer have not been waived or satisfied.
However, we are not required to extend
the offer under this provision unless, in our reasonable judgment:

     - each condition that is not then satisfied or waived is reasonably capable
       of being satisfied;

     - DTM is in material compliance with all of its covenants in the merger
       agreement; and

     - the failure of a condition to be satisfied did not result from a breach
       by DTM of any of its covenants and agreements contained in the merger
       agreement.

     
In addition, we may, without the consent of DTM, provide a "subsequent
offering period" by extending the offer from three to 20 business days following
the expiration date of the offer.

     
Board Representation.
The merger agreement provides that effective upon our
purchase pursuant to the offer of that number of shares of DTM common stock
which represents at least 67% of the total number of outstanding common shares
on a fully diluted basis, and from time to time thereafter, we will be entitled
to designate up to that number of DTM directors, rounded up to the next whole
number, as will make the percentage of the DTM directors designated by us equal
to the percentage of outstanding shares of DTM common stock held by us.
DTM has
agreed to take all action necessary to cause our designees to be elected to or
appointed by DTM's board of directors.
The merger agreement also provides that
upon our written request, DTM will use its best efforts to cause our designees
to be elected or appointed to each committee of DTM's board of directors and to
the board of directors of each of its subsidiaries (in the same percentage of
representation as on DTM's board of directors).

     
Prior to the effective time of the merger, DTM will have on its board of
directors at least two directors who were directors of DTM on April 2, 2001 (the
date of the merger agreement) and who are not officers of DTM or our affiliates.

We refer to these two directors as the "independent directors."
If the number of
independent directors is reduced below two, the remaining independent director
will be entitled to designate a person to fill the vacancy and if no independent
director remains, the other directors will designate two persons to fill the
vacancies who shall not be officers of DTM or our affiliates and those designees
will be deemed to be independent directors for purposes of the merger agreement.

     
SEC Filings and Dissemination of Documents to Shareholders.
As soon as
practicable on the date of commencement of the offer, we will file the Tender
Offer Statement on Schedule TO with the SEC.
The Schedule TO will contain or
incorporate by reference this document and other related offering documents with
respect to the offer.
We also have agreed to cause this document and related
offering documents to be disseminated to you to the extent required by
applicable federal securities laws.
DTM will file with the SEC and mail to you,
concurrently with the commencement of the offer or as promptly thereafter as
practicable, a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9
containing the recommendation of DTM's board of directors in favor of the offer
and the merger and the opinion of DTM's financial advisor that the consideration
to be received for the shares of DTM common stock pursuant to the offer and the
merger is fair to you from a financial point of view.

     
The Merger

     Structure, Timing.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, as soon as practicable
after satisfaction of all conditions to the merger, Tiger Deals will merge with
and into DTM.
DTM will be the surviving corporation after the merger.
The merger
will become effective at the time the certificate of merger is filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware and a certificate of merger is issued by the
Secretary of State of Texas, or at a later time as specified in the respective
certificates of merger.
The merger is expected to occur as soon as practicable
after all conditions of the merger have been satisfied or waived.

     
At the effective time of the merger, the articles of incorporation and
bylaws of the surviving corporation will be amended and restated to be identical
to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws as in effect immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger, except that the name of the surviving
corporation will be "DTM Corporation."
Further, at the effective time of the
merger, our directors and officers will become the initial directors and
officers of the surviving corporation until those directors' or officers'
successors are duly elected or appointed.

     Consideration.
Pursuant to the merger agreement and by virtue of the
merger, at the effective time of the merger:

     - each share of DTM common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
       to the effective time of the merger (other than shares of DTM common
       stock held by DTM in treasury, or shares held by us, which shall be
       cancelled, and shares held by shareholders who have properly exercised
       appraisal rights under Texas law), will be converted automatically into
       the right to receive $5.80 in cash, or any higher price that may be paid
       per share for the DTM common stock pursuant to the offer (less any
       required withholding taxes), upon surrender of the DTM common stock
       certificate;

     - each share of DTM common stock held in the treasury of DTM or by us, if
       any, immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, will be
       cancelled without any conversion and no payment or distribution will be
       made with respect to those shares; and

     - each outstanding share of Tiger Deal common stock will be converted into
       one share of common stock of the surviving corporation.

     
If, between April 2, 2001 and the effective time of the merger, the number
of outstanding shares of DTM capital stock changes by reason of any stock
dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split-up,
combination, exchange of shares or the like other than pursuant to the merger,
the $5.80 cash consideration to be paid to each DTM shareholder will be
correspondingly adjusted.

     
Treatment of Options.
At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding
and unexercised option to purchase DTM common stock pursuant to the 1996, 1998
and 1999 DTM stock option plans, whether vested or unvested, will accelerate and
convert into an obligation of DTM to pay to the holders of those options a cash
amount for each option that is equal to (i) the excess, if any, of the $5.80 per
share consideration or any higher price that may be paid per share in the offer,
over the exercise price per share of the subject option multiplied by (ii) the
number of shares underlying the option.
In addition, except as may be otherwise
agreed upon by the parties, as of the effective time of the merger:

     - all of DTM's stock option plans will terminate;

     - the provisions in any other plan, program or arrangement providing for
       the issuance of capital stock of DTM or any of its subsidiaries will be
       deleted; and

     - no holder of DTM options or any participant in DTM's stock option plans
       will have any rights to acquire any equity interest in the surviving
       corporation.

     
Treatment of Warrants.
All warrants and other convertible securities to
purchase shares of DTM common stock, if any, will be cancelled as of the closing
of the merger.

     
Exchange of Stock Certificates.
At the effective time of the merger, the
surviving corporation will deposit with a paying agent the cash necessary to
consummate the merger.
Promptly after the effective time of the merger, the
paying agent will mail to each person who was a record holder of DTM common
stock at the effective time of the merger, a letter of transmittal and
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the holder's stock
certificates.
Upon surrender to the paying agent of the holder's stock
certificate, the holder will be entitled to receive the $5.80 per share cash
consideration, without interest, less any required withholding taxes and the
certificates so surrendered will be promptly cancelled.

     
No Further Ownership Rights in DTM.  
At and after the effective time of the
merger your rights as a shareholder of DTM will terminate, except for the right
to surrender your certificates in exchange for the $5.80 per share cash
consideration (or any higher consideration paid in the offer) or to perfect your
right to receive payment for your shares under Texas law and the merger
agreement.
There shall be no further transfers on the stock transfer books of
DTM of the shares that were outstanding immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger.
If, after the effective time of the merger, certificates that
formerly represented shares of DTM common stock are presented to the surviving
corporation, these certificates will be cancelled and exchanged for cash less
required withholding taxes in the manner described above, subject to applicable
law with respect to dissenting shareholders.

     
Representations and Warranties.
In the merger agreement, DTM and/or its
subsidiaries have made various customary representations and warranties to us,
subject to certain exceptions, with respect to among other things:

     - due organization, existence and good standing;

     - proper execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement;

     - governmental and third-party approvals and authorizations of the merger
       agreement;

     - absence of any liability for broker's fees;

     - capital structure;

     - absence of any equity commitments in connection with the transactions
       contemplated by the merger agreement;

     - accuracy of organizational documents;

     - accuracy of documents and financial statements filed with the SEC;

     - absence of undisclosed liabilities and certain changes;

     - compliance with all applicable laws and orders;

     - payment and filing of taxes;

     - good and marketable title to tangible personal property owned or used;

     - valid ownership or leasehold interests in all material parcels of real
       property free and clear of encumbrances;

     - complete disclosure of and adequate protection of its intellectual
       property;

     - content and value of the inventory;

     - compliance with contracts where a breach would have a material adverse
       effect;

     - enforceability of receivables;

     - maintenance of certain insurance policies;

     - absence of material litigation;

     - absence of material product liability or liability from product
       warranties and guarantees for products manufactured, sold, leased or
       delivered;

     - absence of plans by any executive, key employee, or group of employees to
       terminate employment;

     - employee benefit plans and representations that the plans are maintained;

     - compliance with various environmental, health and safety requirements;

     - accuracy of information supplied to any governmental entity in connection
       with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

     - absence of knowledge of any fact or circumstance that is likely to
       materially impede or delay receipt of any consents of a governmental
       entity;

     - the vote necessary to approve and adopt the merger;

     - receipt of an opinion from Hoak Breedlove Wesneski & Co. indicating that
       the $5.80 per share consideration is fair from a financial point of view
       to the DTM shareholders;

     - approval by DTM's board of directors of the transactions contemplated by
       the merger agreement; and

     - the truth of all statements of material fact contained in the
       representations and warranties.

     
In the merger agreement, we have made various customary representations and
warranties to DTM, subject to certain exceptions, with respect to among other
things:

     - due organization, existence and good standing;

     - proper execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement and
       the tender and voting agreements;

     - governmental and third-party approvals and authorizations of the merger
       agreement;

     - capital structure;

     - material litigation;

     - our ownership of no more than 100 shares of DTM common stock;

     - the limited nature of the activities of Tiger Deals;

     - absence of any liability for broker's fees;

     - good faith belief that we will have the means to purchase the DTM common
       stock and consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger
       agreement;

     - information supplied to any governmental entity in connection with the
       transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

     - absence of knowledge of any fact or circumstance that is likely to
       materially impede or delay the receipt of any consents of a governmental
       entity.

     
Covenants

     Conduct Prior to Closing.
The parties to the merger agreement each agreed
that, during the period from April 2, 2001 (the date of the merger agreement) to
the earlier of the closing date of the merger or termination date of the merger
agreement, the following, among other things, will occur:

     - the parties will give any required notices to third parties and use their
       best efforts in obtaining the consent of any third party or governmental
       authority;

     - DTM and its subsidiaries will conduct their operations in the ordinary
       course of business and consistent with past practices;

     - DTM will provide reasonable access during normal business hours to all of
       its properties, books, contracts and records to our representatives;

     - we will use reasonable best efforts to obtain the necessary financing
       commitments;

     - the parties will use reasonable best efforts to satisfy the closing
       conditions set forth in the merger agreement;

     - if, prior to the closing of the merger, either party becomes aware of a
       matter that, if existing on the date of the merger agreement, would have
       been required to have been disclosed, such party will promptly provide
       written notice of the undisclosed matter to the other party; and

     - the parties will use reasonable best efforts to agree upon the text of
       any press release before issuing any press release or making any public
       statements with respect to the merger.

     
No Solicitation.
The merger agreement provides that DTM will not, nor will
DTM permit its officers, directors, employees and representatives, directly or
indirectly, to initiate, solicit, have discussions with, enter into an agreement
with or provide any information, to any party, concerning the following events:

     - the acquisition of DTM by merger, acquisition consolidation or similar
       transaction involving any equity security of DTM; and

     - the acquisition of DTM by the acquisition of all or substantially all of
       DTM's assets (other than an acquisition by us).

     
We refer to any offer or proposal (other than by us) for either of the
foregoing actions as an "acquisition proposal."

     
However, nothing contained in the merger agreement prevents DTM or DTM's
board of directors from:

     - complying with Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act with
       regard to any tender offer, provided that, among other things, DTM's
       board of directors will not recommend that DTM shareholders tender their
       shares in connection with that tender offer unless DTM's board of
       directors in good faith, after consultation with legal counsel,
       determines that it is reasonably likely that its failure to do so would
       constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to its shareholders; and

     - furnishing information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations
       with, any person or entity in response to an acquisition proposal,
       unless, among other things, DTM's board of directors in good faith, after
       consulting with legal counsel, determines that it is reasonably likely
       that its failure to do so would constitute a breach of its fiduciary
       duties to its shareholders.

     
Pursuant to the merger agreement, DTM's board of directors may withdraw its
recommendation of the merger agreement or approve or recommend any acquisition
proposal, if after consulting with legal counsel, DTM's board of directors
determines in good faith that it is reasonably likely that its failure to do so
would constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to its shareholders.
DTM's
board of directors may only enter into an agreement with respect to an
acquisition proposal that is a superior proposal.
A superior proposal is an
unsolicited acquisition proposal by a third party who the DTM board of directors
determines in good faith has a good faith intent to proceed with negotiations
and has the financial and other capabilities to complete the acquisition
proposal (i) on terms that a majority of the members of DTM's board of directors
determines, acting upon the written opinion of financial advisors, to represent
superior value for the DTM shareholders as compared to the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement and (ii) is reasonably capable of being
completed.

     
DTM must promptly advise us of any acquisition proposal or any inquiry with
respect to or that could lead to an acquisition proposal.
In addition, DTM must
provide prompt notice to us of the identity of the person making the acquisition
proposal and the material terms of the acquisition proposal.
Further, DTM must
keep us fully informed of the status of the acquisition proposal and provide
copies of all correspondence sent by the third party to DTM in connection with
the acquisition proposal.

     
Shareholders' Meetings and Proxy Statement.
DTM has agreed to take all
action necessary to convene a meeting of its shareholders as promptly as
practicable after the consummation of the offer for the purpose of obtaining
shareholder approval of the merger (if required by applicable law to consummate
the merger) or in lieu of that meeting, we have agreed to cause the merger
agreement to be adopted by written consent of the shareholders of DTM.
The
shareholders' meeting (if required by applicable law to consummate the merger)
shall be held as soon as practicable (subject to any statutory or other
restrictions) following the purchase of DTM common stock pursuant to the offer.

In the event a meeting of DTM shareholders is required, DTM and 3D Systems will
prepare and file a proxy statement with the SEC.

     
Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance.
The merger
agreement provides that DTM will indemnify each person who is now, or has been
at any time prior to the execution date of the merger agreement, an officer or
director of DTM or any of its subsidiaries, for any claim, liability, loss,
damage, amount paid in settlement, cost or expense, including reasonable
attorney fees and expenses, occurring at or prior to the effective time of the
merger, arising (i) out of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement and (ii) out of the fact that the person is
or was an officer or director of DTM or any of its subsidiaries.
From and after
the effective time of the merger, the surviving corporation will fulfill and
honor the indemnification obligations of DTM under any indemnification
agreements between DTM and its directors and officers as well as any
indemnification provisions under DTM's organizational documents.
In addition,
the surviving company will maintain in effect, if available, for not less than
six years after the effective time of the merger the current directors' and
officers' liability insurance maintained by DTM with respect to matters existing
or occurring at or prior to the effective time of the merger.
Neither we nor DTM
will be required to pay annual premiums for this insurance in excess of 200% of
the annual premium currently paid by DTM.
In addition, we at our election, may
cause

coverage to be provided under any policy maintained for our benefit, so long as
the terms are not materially less advantageous to the intended beneficiaries
than the existing insurance coverage.

     
Financing.
We will use our reasonable best efforts to obtain, on terms
reasonably satisfactory to us, commitments in customary form from financial
institutions or other equity or debt sources sufficient to allow us to
consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

     
Employee Benefits.
As of the effective time of the merger, we have agreed
that all DTM employees retained after the merger will become entitled to all
benefits generally available to our employees under our employee benefit plans.

Further, the merger agreement requires the surviving corporation to honor
certain severance plans and severance agreements adopted and entered into by DTM
prior to the effective time of the merger.

     Closing Conditions.
The obligation of each party to effect the merger is
subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions, unless waived
in writing by the parties:

     - no governmental entity will have initiated proceedings to restrain or
       prohibit the merger or force rescission of the merger agreement;

     - any applicable waiting period under the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust
       Improvements Act of 1976 must have been terminated with respect to the
       merger and the transactions contemplated by the agreement;

     - DTM shareholder approval of the merger (if required) must have been
       obtained;

     - all governmental consents, orders and approvals required to complete the
       merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement must
       have been obtained;

     - no law or order will have been promulgated by any governmental entity
       (and be in effect) which declares the merger agreement invalid or
       unenforceable in any material respect or prohibits consummation of the
       merger or transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

     - we will have purchased all shares of DTM common stock tendered and not
       withdrawn.

     
Termination; Termination Fees and Expenses.
Subject to certain limitations,
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by it may, at any time
prior to the effective time of the merger, be terminated, whether before or
after shareholder approval of the merger:

     - by mutual written consent of the parties to the merger agreement;

     - by DTM or us, if (i) we do not receive the necessary financing commitment
       to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement on or
       prior to May 3, 2001 or (ii) we do not accept for payment the shares of
       DTM common stock tendered pursuant to the offer within 65 days following
       the commencement of the offer;

     - by DTM or us, if any governmental entity issues a non-appealable final
       order, decree or ruling or has taken any other action having the effect
       of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
       acceptance for payment of, or payment for, shares of DTM common stock
       pursuant to the offer or the merger;

     - by us, if DTM's board of directors (i) withdraws, modifies or changes
       (including by amendment of the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement) its
       recommendation of the offer, the merger agreement or the merger in a
       manner adverse to us; (ii) recommends to DTM shareholders any other
       acquisition proposal; or (iii) fails to reaffirm publicly and
       unconditionally its recommendation to you that you tender your shares of
       DTM common stock in the offer within five days of our written request to
       do so;

     - by us, if the minimum condition is not satisfied by the expiration date
       of the offer and a third party has made an acquisition proposal or a
       group or person (other than us or parties to the tender and voting
       agreements) becomes the beneficial owner of more than 50% of DTM's common
       stock;

     - by us, if DTM breaches any of its representations and warranties or fails
       to perform its covenants or other agreements contained in the merger
       agreement which give rise to the failure of the conditions in the merger
       agreement relating to the withdrawal of DTM's board of directors'
       recommendation of the offer, the entering into an agreement with respect
       to an acquisition proposal, the acquisition by a third party of a 50% or
       greater interest in DTM, and that breach or failure is incapable of being
       cured within five business days following receipt of notice of that
       breach or failure;

     - by DTM, if there has been a material breach by us of any representation,
       warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the merger agreement which
       (if susceptible of cure) has not been cured in all material respects
       within five business days following receipt of notice of the breach; and

     - by DTM, if prior to the acceptance of and payment for the shares of DTM
       common stock pursuant to the offer, (i) DTM enters into an agreement with
       respect to a superior proposal or DTM's board of directors recommends any
       superior proposal and (ii) DTM pays the termination fee required by the
       merger agreement.

     
The merger agreement provides for payment of a termination fee and
reimbursement for actual out of pocket expenses (including, but not limited to,
fees of legal counsel, accountants and financial and other advisors), in the
following situations:

     - if DTM terminates the merger agreement and enters into an agreement with
       respect to a superior proposal or we terminate the merger agreement
       because DTM's board of directors withdraws its recommendation of the
       offer, DTM will pay us a termination fee equal to $1,025,000 plus all
       actual out of pocket expenses but not to exceed $2,000,000 in the
       aggregate;

     - if we are not entitled to the termination fee described above, and we
       terminate the merger agreement because DTM shareholders fail to approve
       the merger or DTM breaches any of its representations or warranties or
       fails to perform its covenants under the merger agreement and the breach
       or failure gives rise to the failure of certain conditions to the offer,
       DTM must pay us all actual out of pocket expenses up to $500,000; and

     - if DTM terminates the merger agreement because we breach a representation
       or warranty and we fail to cure that breach in the prescribed time, we
       must pay DTM all actual out of pocket expenses up to $500,000.


TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENTS

     General.
We required as a condition of our entering into the merger
agreement, that DTM Acquisition Company, L.P. and John S. Murchison, III enter
into tender and voting agreements.
DTM Acquisition Company and Mr. Murchison
beneficially own an aggregate of 3,513,357 outstanding shares of DTM common
stock (representing approximately 44.9% of the outstanding shares of DTM common
stock on April 26, 2001, on a fully diluted basis).

     
Agreement to Tender.
Pursuant to the tender and voting agreements, DTM
Acquisition Company and Mr. Murchison have agreed to do the following:

     - validly tender, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the
       offer, as soon as practicable after commencement of the offer but in no
       event later than ten business days after the date of commencement of the
       offer, all DTM common stock legally or beneficially owned by them on the
       date of the tender and voting agreements, together with any DTM common
       stock acquired after that date; and

     - not withdraw the DTM common stock so tendered, except following the
       termination of the offer pursuant to its terms.

     
Agreement to Vote.
During the time the tender and voting agreements are in
effect, DTM Acquisition Company and Mr. Murchison have agreed that at any
meeting of the shareholders of DTM or in any other circumstance in which the
vote, consent or approval of DTM shareholders is sought, DTM

Acquisition Company and Mr. Murchison will vote their shares of DTM common stock
in the following manner:

     - in favor of approval of the merger agreement and any actions required in
       furtherance of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
       including voting their shares in favor of the election to DTM's board of
       directors and the board of directors of each wholly-owned entity of DTM
       of each person designated by us for nomination;

     - against any action or agreement that would result in a breach of any
       covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
       of DTM under the merger agreement; and

     - against certain other actions outlined in the tender and voting
       agreements, except with our written consent.

     
DTM Acquisition Company and Mr. Murchison also have agreed not to enter
into any agreement or understanding with any person or entity which is
inconsistent with or violates any provisions of the tender and voting
agreements.

     
Shareholder Capacity.
We acknowledge that DTM Acquisition Company and Mr.
Murchison have executed the tender and voting agreements solely in its or his
capacity as a DTM shareholder.
The tender and voting agreements in no way limit
or otherwise restrict Mr. Murchison with respect to any act or omission in his
capacity as an officer of DTM or a member of the board of directors of DTM.

     
Grant of Irrevocable Proxy.
DTM Acquisition Company and Mr. Murchison have
irrevocably granted to, and appointed us as their proxy and attorney-in-fact
(with full power of substitution), to vote their DTM common stock to approve and
vote in favor of the offer, the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, against an acquisition proposal and as
otherwise contemplated by the tender and voting agreements.

     
Waiver of Appraisal Rights.
DTM Acquisition Company and Mr. Murchison have
waived any rights of appraisal, any rights to dissent and any similar rights
relating to the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.

     
Representations and Warranties.
The tender and voting agreements contain
customary representations and warranties by DTM Acquisition Company and Mr.
Murchison to us, including among others:

     - ownership and title to the DTM common stock, and the absence of liens or
       encumbrances on the DTM common stock;

     - authority to enter into and perform obligations under the tender and
       voting agreements;

     - noncontravention and enforceability;

     - the absence of conflicts; and

     - the absence of finder's fees.

     
Termination.
The tender and voting agreements terminate upon the earlier to
occur of (i) the termination of the merger agreement or (ii) the date we accept
for payment the shares of DTM common stock of DTM Acquisition Company and Mr.
Murchison.

     CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

     On March 17, 2001, we executed a confidentiality agreement with DTM.
The
confidentiality agreement, which supersedes a prior mutual nondisclosure
agreement between DTM and us dated January 25, 2000, contains customary
provisions pursuant to which, among other things, each party agreed on behalf of
itself and its representatives, subject to certain exceptions, to maintain the
confidentiality to keep confidential all of the other party's nonpublic,
confidential or proprietary information furnished to it, and to use the
confidential information solely in connection with evaluating a business
combination between the parties.
In addition, both parties agreed not to
disclose to any third parties the fact that

negotiations were taking place.
The confidentiality agreement also provides that
for a period of two years after the termination of discussions between the
parties, neither party shall, without the prior written consent of the other
party, directly or indirectly solicit for hire any person currently employed by
the other party, except under the conditions provided in the confidentiality
agreement.

     
In addition, the confidentiality agreement contains a standstill provision
pursuant to which, among other things, for a period of 15 months from the date
of the confidentiality agreement, neither party nor its respective
representatives will, in any manner:

     - acquire, offer to acquire, or agree to acquire (directly or indirectly,
       by purchase or otherwise) any voting securities of the other party or any
       subsidiaries of the other party, or of any successor to or person in
       control of the other party, or the material assets of the other party or
       any subsidiary or division of the other party or of any such successor or
       controlling person;

     - make or participate, directly or indirectly, in any solicitation of
       proxies to vote, or seek to advise or influence any person or entity with
       respect to, the voting of any voting securities of the other party, or

     - make any public announcement with respect to, or submit a proposal or
       offer in connection with either of the foregoing.

     
These provisions will terminate in the event that:

     - any third party not affiliated with either us or DTM initiates or
       announces its intentions to initiate a tender offer or exchange offer
       for, or otherwise proposes or agrees to acquire, our or DTM's common
       stock or other equity interests;

     - it is publicly disclosed that voting securities representing more than or
       equal to 15% of either our or DTM's total voting power then outstanding
       have been acquired or are proposed to be acquired by any person or group
       not affiliated with the other party in a single transaction or a series
       of related transactions; or

     - either we or DTM enter into any agreement to merge with, or sell or
       dispose of 50% or more of our or their, respectively, assets or earning
       power to, any person not affiliated with that party.

     
EXCLUSIVITY AGREEMENT

     Concurrently with the execution of the confidentiality agreement on March
17, 2001, we entered into an exclusivity letter agreement with DTM pursuant to
which DTM agreed, from such date until April 2, 2001 and subject to specified
conditions:

     - that neither DTM nor its representatives would initiate, solicit,
       negotiate, encourage or provide confidential information to facilitate
       any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer that may reasonably
       lead to an alternative transaction;

     - immediately to terminate discussions and negotiations in which DTM or its
       representatives may have been involved with respect to an alternative
       transaction proposal; and

     - to notify us promptly if DTM received any inquiries or proposals,
       requests for information or if negotiations or discussions are sought to
       be initiated or continued with DTM.

     
However, the agreement did not prohibit DTM from furnishing confidential
information to, and participating in negotiations with, a person making an
unsolicited proposal for an alternative transaction if DTM's board of directors
reasonably determined in good faith after consultation with its legal counsel
that the failure to furnish this information would constitute a breach of its
fiduciary duties.
Prior to furnishing this information to, or entering
discussions or negotiations with, any person concerning an alternative
transaction proposal, DTM would have been required to receive from that person
an executed confidentiality agreement on terms not less favorable to us than the
confidentiality agreement between us and DTM and provide written notice to us
that DTM is furnishing this information or entering discussions

with that person.
DTM would have been required to provide us with a summary of
the terms of the alternative transaction proposal including the identity of the
person making the proposal.

     
If, prior to May 30, 2001, DTM's board of directors, in the exercise of its
fiduciary duties, recommends an alternative transaction, then DTM would have
been reimburse us for all actual, reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses,
not to exceed $125,000, incurred by us in connection with the possible
transaction between DTM and us.
Under the agreement, DTM also agreed to provide
us such information as is reasonable and mutually agreed to by the parties in
connection with our due diligence review of DTM.

     
All obligations under the exclusivity agreement terminated when DTM and we
signed the merger agreement.


14.
CERTAIN CONDITIONS TO OUR OBLIGATIONS.

     
We are not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange
Act, pay for, and we may postpone the acceptance for payment of and payment for
any shares of tendered DTM common stock, and may terminate or amend the offer if
as of the expiration of the offer:

     - at least 67% of the shares of DTM common stock on a fully diluted basis
       has not been validly tendered, or if validly tendered, not withdrawn;

     - any approvals and consents required by the merger agreement are not
       obtained; or

     - at any time on or after April 2, 2001 and prior to the acceptance for
       payment for the DTM common stock, any of the following events occur or
       are determined to have occurred by us:

       - any action, law or order is enacted or entered into, issued or
         instituted or promulgated, or threatened by any governmental entity:

           (1) challenging or seeking to prohibit, make illegal or materially
               delay or increase the cost of making of the offer, accepting for
               payment of, or payment for, any DTM common stock by us or any of
               our affiliates, consummating any other transaction contemplated
               by the merger agreement, or seeking to obtain material damages in
               connection with the offer, the merger or any transaction
               contemplated by the merger agreement;

            (2) seeking to prohibit or limit materially the ownership or
                operation by us or DTM and any of its subsidiaries of all or any
                material portion of the business or assets of DTM and its
                subsidiaries, or to compel DTM or its subsidiaries or us to
                dispose of or hold separate all or any portion of the business
                or assets of DTM, 3D Systems or any of their respective
                subsidiaries, as a result of the offer, the merger or any of the
                transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

            (3) seeking to impose limitations on our ability to exercise
                effectively full rights of ownership of any DTM common stock;

            (4) seeking to require divestiture by 3D Systems or any of its
                affiliates of any shares of DTM common stock; or

            (5) which otherwise has a material adverse effect on DTM;

       - any law or order or any action by any governmental entity that is
         reasonably likely to result in any of the consequences referred to
         above;

       - there occurs:

            (1) any general suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices
                for, securities on any national securities exchange or in the
                Nasdaq SmallCap Market System;

            (2) a declaration of a banking moratorium or any suspension of
                payments in respect of banks in the United States;

            (3) a commencement of a war, armed hostilities or other
                international or national calamity directly or indirectly
                involving the United States;

            (4) any limitation by any United States or foreign governmental
                authority on the extension of credit by banks or other financial
                institutions;

            (5) a change in general financial, bank or capital market conditions
                which materially adversely affects the ability of financial
                institutions in the United States to extend credit or syndicate
                loans; or

            (6) in the case of any of the conditions described in clauses (1)
                through (5) existing at the time of commencement of the offer, a
                material acceleration or worsening of that condition;

       - a material adverse change (as defined in the merger agreement) in the
         consolidated financial condition, business, or results of operation of
         DTM and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

       - the public disclosure that the beneficial ownership (determined under
         Rule 13d-3(e) of the Exchange Act) of 50% or more of the outstanding
         DTM common stock has been acquired by any person or entity other than
         us, except for any person or entity having that beneficial ownership as
         of April 2, 2001 (the date of the merger agreement);

       - DTM's board of directors:

               (1) withdraws, modifies or changes its recommendation of the
                   offer, the merger agreement or the merger in a manner adverse
                   to 3D Systems;

               (2) recommends to DTM shareholders any acquisition proposal; or

               (3) fails to reaffirm publicly and unconditionally its
                   recommendation to DTM shareholders that they tender their
                   shares of DTM common stock in the offer, which public
                   reaffirmation must be made within five days after 3D Systems'
                   written request of such reaffirmation.

       - entering into a definitive agreement or written agreement in principle
         by DTM with a third party with respect to an acquisition proposal (as
         such term is defined in the merger agreement); or

       - DTM's board of directors or any committee of DTM's board of directors
         resolves to do any of the preceding three actions;

       - any of the representations and warranties of DTM set forth in the
         merger agreement with respect to capitalization and subsidiaries are
         not true and correct;

       - any of the other representations and warranties of DTM set forth in the
         merger agreement are not true and correct except where the failure to
         be so true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have a
         material adverse effect on DTM;

       - DTM fails to perform or comply in any material respect with any
         material obligation, agreement or covenant to be performed or complied
         with by it under the merger agreement and that breach is not cured
         within five business days following receipt by DTM of written notice of
         that breach;

       - the merger agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms or we
         and DTM reach an agreement to terminate the offer or merger agreement;
         or

       - 3D Systems does not obtain all financing necessary to fund all
         financial obligations arising in connection with the consummation of
         the offer, the merger and other transactions contemplated by the merger
         agreement.

     
The above conditions are for our benefit and may be asserted by us
regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any of the conditions and, other
than the conditions relating to the minimum condition and the receipt of all
necessary permits and consents, which require the written consent of DTM to be
waived, may be waived by us, in whole or in part, at any time.
The failure by us
to exercise any of the foregoing rights will not be deemed a waiver of any right
and each right will be deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted at anytime.

15.
LEGAL MATTERS.

     
General.
Except as set forth in this Section 15, we are not aware of any
approval or other action by any governmental or administrative agency which
would be required for the acquisition or ownership of DTM common stock as
contemplated by the merger agreement.
Should any approval or other action be
required, it will be sought, but we have no current intention to delay the
purchase of DTM common stock tendered pursuant to the offer pending the outcome
of any such matter, subject, however, to our right to decline to purchase DTM
common stock if any of the conditions specified in Section 14  -- "Conditions to
Our Obligations" have occurred.
We cannot assure you that any approval or other
action, if needed, would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial
conditions, or that adverse consequences might not result to DTM's business or
that parts of DTM's business might not have to be disposed of if any of these
approvals were not obtained or other action taken.

     
Appraisal Rights.
Appraisal rights are not available in connection with the
offer.
Shares of DTM common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger and which are (1) held by holders of DTM common
stock who have not voted in favor of the merger or consented to the merger in
writing and (2) who have demanded properly in writing payment of the fair market
value of their DTM common stock in accordance with Texas law, will be cancelled
and terminated and will represent solely the right to receive payment from the
surviving corporation of the fair market value of the DTM common stock held by
them in accordance with the provisions of Texas law.
Those rights to dissent, if
the statutory procedures are complied with, could lead to a judicial
determination of the fair value of the DTM common stock immediately before the
effective time of the merger (excluding any appreciation or depreciation in
anticipation of the merger unless exclusion would be inequitable), required to
be paid in cash to those dissenting shareholders for their DTM common stock.
In
addition, the dissenting shareholders would be entitled to receive payment of
interest, beginning 91 days after the date of consummation of the merger to the
date of such judgment, on the amount determined to be the fair value of their
DTM common stock.

     
However, if you have failed to exercise or effectively have withdrawn or
lost your rights for an appraisal of your shares under Texas law you will then
have your shares deemed to be cancelled and terminated, as of the effective time
of the merger, and the shares will represent solely the right to receive the
offer price as provided in the merger agreement, upon surrender of your
certificate or certificates in the manner provided in the merger agreement.

     
DTM will provide us the following concerning any demand for appraisal:

     - any written objection to the merger and notice of exercise filed with DTM
       prior to the taking of any vote or written consent of the shareholders;

     - prompt notice of any demands for appraisal received by DTM, withdrawals
       of such demands, and any other instruments served pursuant to Texas law
       and received by DTM; and

     - the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect
       to demands for payment of fair market value under Texas law.

     
DTM will not, except with our prior written consent, make any payment with
respect to any demands, or offer to settle, or settle, any demands.

     
Texas State Takeover Laws.
Article 13 of Texas law contains an
"anti-takeover" provision which we will refer to as the Texas Business
Combination Law.
The Texas Business Combination Law generally

prohibits an issuing public corporation from, directly or indirectly, entering
into or engaging in a "business combination" (i.e. any merger, share exchange or
conversion of an issuing public corporation or a subsidiary) with an "affiliated
shareholder" during the three-year period immediately following the affiliated
shareholder's share acquisition date unless the board of directors of the
issuing public corporation approved of the affiliated shareholder's share
acquisition in advance.
One becomes an "affiliated shareholder" of a corporation
by beneficially owning, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of the outstanding
voting shares of the issuing public corporation.
Pursuant to Article 13.02.A.(3)
of the TBCA, a person or entity (and its affiliates and associates) will be
considered a "beneficial owner" of shares owned by another person or entity if
there is any written or other agreement, arrangement or understanding for the
purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of the shares.
However, on
April 2, 2001, DTM's board of directors approved of us becoming affiliated
shareholders and approved the offer and the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by those agreements, and, by doing so, made the Business
Combination Law inapplicable to the offer, the merger and the transactions
contemplated by those agreements.

     
Other State Takeover Laws.
A number of other states have adopted laws and
regulations applicable to attempts to acquire securities of corporations which
are incorporated, or have substantial assets, shareholders, principal executive
offices or principal places of business, or whose business operations otherwise
have substantial economic effects, in such states.
In 1982, in Edgar v. MITE
Corp., the U.S. Supreme Court invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois
Business Takeover Statute, which made takeovers of corporations meeting certain
requirements more difficult.
However, in 1987, in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of
America, the U.S. Supreme Court held that the State of Indiana may
constitutionally disqualify a potential acquiror from voting on the affairs of a
target corporation without the prior approval of the remaining shareholders.
The
state law before the U.S. Supreme Court was by its terms applicable only to
corporations that had a substantial number of shareholders in the state and were
incorporated there.
Subsequently, a number of federal courts have ruled that
various state takeover statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they apply to
corporations incorporated outside the state of enactment.

     
DTM conducts business in a number of states throughout the United States,
some of which have enacted takeover laws.
We do not know whether any of these
laws will, by their terms, apply to the offer or the merger, and we have not
attempted to comply with any of those laws.
Should any person seek to apply any
state takeover law, we will take such action as then appears desirable, which
may include challenging the validity or applicability of any such statute in
appropriate court proceedings.
In the event it is asserted that one or more
state takeover laws is applicable to the offer or the merger, and an appropriate
court does not determine that those laws are inapplicable or invalid as applied
to the offer, we might be required to file certain information with, or receive
approvals from, the relevant state authorities.
In addition, if enjoined, we
might be unable to accept for payment any DTM common stock tendered pursuant to
the offer, or be delayed in continuing or consummating the offer and the merger.

In such case, we may not be obligated to accept for payment any DTM common stock
tendered.
See Section 14 -- "Conditions to Our Obligations" for more detailed
information.

     
Antitrust.
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended, or "HSR," and the related rules promulgated by the Federal Trade
Commission, or the "FTC," some acquisition transactions may not be consummated
unless information has been furnished to the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice and the FTC and waiting period requirements have been
satisfied.
The purchase of DTM common stock pursuant to the offer and the
subsequent merger are not subject to these requirements.

  
Foreign Filings.
We and DTM each conduct operations in a number of foreign
jurisdictions where regulatory filings or approvals may be required or desirable
in connection with the offer.
We and DTM are currently in the process of
analyzing whether filings or approvals are in fact required or desirable in
certain of these jurisdictions and, where necessary, the parties intend to make
those filings.
It is possible that one or more of those filings may not be made,
or one or more of those approvals, which are not as a matter of law or practice
required to be obtained prior to consummation of the merger, may not be obtained
prior to consummation of the merger.

     
Class Action Lawsuit.
On April 6, 2001 a purported class action lawsuit was
filed in the 200th Judicial District Court of Travis County, Austin, Texas,
naming as defendants DTM, some of DTM's directors and 3D Systems.
The complaint
asserts that the $5.80 cash consideration to be paid in the merger is inadequate
and does not represent the value of the assets and the future prospects of DTM.

The complaint also alleges that the individual defendants breached their
fiduciary obligations to the public shareholders of DTM in approving the merger
agreement.

     
The complaint seeks, among other things, preliminary and permanent
injunctive relief prohibiting DTM from consummating the merger, and if the
merger is consummated, an order rescinding the merger and awarding damages to
the purported class.
The complaint also seeks unspecified damages, attorney fees
and other relief.
We have not been served with the complaint.
None of the
defendants has filed an answer to the complaint.


16.
FEES AND EXPENSES.

     
Neither we, nor any of our officers, directors, shareholders, agents or
other representatives, will pay any fees or commissions to any broker, dealer or
other person (other than the Information Agent) for soliciting tenders of DTM
common stock pursuant to the offer.
We will reimburse brokers, dealers,
commercial banks and trust companies and other nominees, upon request, for
customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding materials
to their customers.

     
We have retained A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc., as dealer manager, Georgeson
Shareholder Communications Inc., as information agent, and U.S. Stock Transfer
Corporation, as depositary, in connection with the offer.
A.G. Edwards has
provided certain financial advisory services to us in connection with the
proposed acquisition of DTM.
We have agreed to pay A.G. Edwards a fee of (a)
$150,000, which became payable upon the delivery of the fairness opinion by A.G.
Edwards to us and (b) approximately $720,000, which will become payable once the
acquisition is completed, against which the fee paid pursuant to (a) above will
be credited.
In addition, we have agreed to reimburse A.G. Edwards for all of
its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including attorney and other professional
fees, travel, document procurement and computer services, and to indemnify A.G.
Edwards and certain related persons against certain liabilities and expenses,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.
The dealer
manager and information agent may contact holders of shares of DTM common stock
by personal interview, mail, telephone, and other methods of electronic
communication and may request brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust
companies and other nominees to forward the offer materials to beneficial
holders.
The information agent and the depositary will receive reasonable and
customary compensation for their services and, together with the dealer manager,
reimbursement for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.
The dealer manager,
the information agent and the depositary will also be indemnified by us against
specified liabilities in connection with the offer.


17.
MISCELLANEOUS.

     
We are not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the offer is
prohibited by any administrative or judicial action pursuant to any valid state
statute.
If we become aware of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of
the offer or the acceptance of the DTM common stock, we will make a good faith
effort to comply with that state statute.
If, after a good faith effort, we
cannot comply with the state statute, the offer will not be made to, nor will
tenders be accepted from or on behalf of, the holders of the DTM common stock in
that state.

     
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON OUR BEHALF OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT OR IN THE
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
AND, IF ANY INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION IS GIVEN OR
MADE, IT SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

     
We have filed with the SEC (1) a Schedule TO, together with all exhibits,
pursuant to Section 14(d)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14d-3, furnishing
certain information with respect to the

offer and (2) a Schedule 13D, pursuant to Section 13(d)(1) of the Exchange Act.

In addition, DTM has filed with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement,
together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-9 of the Exchange Act, setting
forth the recommendations of DTM's board of directors with respect to the offer
and the reasons for such recommendations and furnishing certain additional
related information.
The schedule TO, Schedule 13D and
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, and any amendments thereto, including
exhibits, may be examined and copies may be obtained from the SEC in the same
manner as set forth in Section 8 -- "Information Concerning DTM" (except that
they will not be available at the regional offices of the SEC).

                                          
TIGER DEALS, INC.

April 30, 2001

                                                                      SCHEDULE
I

                      DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF
                  3D SYSTEMS CORPORATION AND TIGER DEALS, INC.

     1.
Directors and Executive Officers of 3D Systems Corporation.
The
following table sets forth the name, business address and present principal
occupation or employment and material occupations, positions, offices or
employments for the past five years of each director and executive officer of 3D
Systems Corporation.
Unless otherwise indicated, each person is a citizen of the
United States, and each occupation set forth opposite an individual's name
refers to employment with 3D Systems Corporation.
Neither 3D Systems Corporation
nor any of the individuals listed below has been convicted in a criminal
proceeding in the past five years.
In addition, neither 3D Systems Corporation
nor any of the individuals listed below was a party to any judicial or
administrative proceeding during the past five years that resulted in a
judgment, decree or final order enjoining that person from future violations of,
or prohibiting activities subject to federal or state securities laws, or a
finding of any violation of federal and state securities laws.

                                                                      
INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
    NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS                   OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
    
-------------------------                   ------                
----------------------------------

Brian K. Service..................  
President & Chief Executive      Mr. Service has been President and
  c/o 3D Systems Corporation        Officer, Director                Chief Executive Officer since
  26081 Avenue Hall Valencia, CA                                     September 1999 and, since October
  91355                                                              1999, has also served as President
                                                                     and Chief Executive Officer of 3D
                                                                     California.
Mr. Service is a
                                                                     Principal of Regent Pacific
                                                                     Management Corporation, or "Regent
                                                                     Pacific," an international turnaround
                                                                     management firm, and he provides
                                                                     services to 3D Systems Corporation
                                                                     pursuant to an agreement between 3D
                                                                     Systems Corporation and Regent
                                                                     Pacific.
Prior to Regent Pacific, Mr.
                                                                     Service served as Chief Executive
                                                                     Officer of Salmond Smith Biolab, Ltd.
                                                                     Prior to that, he was Chief Executive
                                                                     Officer of Milk Products, Inc.
Mr.
                                                                     Service also has been a director of
                                                                     Visual Data Corp. since July 1997 and
                                                                     a director of EDNet since August
                                                                     1998.

Charles W. Hull...................  Executive Vice President &       Mr. Hull has served as Chief
  c/o 3D Systems Corporation 26081  Chief Technology Officer,        Technology Officer since April 1997
  Avenue Hall Valencia, CA 91355    Director                         and, as of May 3, 2000, as Executive
                                                                     Vice President and member of the
                                                                     Office of the Chief Executive
                                                                     Officer.
Mr. Hull also has served as
                                                                     Vice Chairman of the board of
                                                                     directors, President and Chief
                                                                     Operating Officer.
From March 1986
                                                                     until April 1997, Mr. Hull also
                                                                     served as President of 3D California.
                                                                     
From February to June 1999 Mr. Hull
                                                                     acted as a consultant to 3D Systems
                                                                     Corporation.

                                       
I-1

                                                                      INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
    NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS                   OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
    
-------------------------                   ------                
----------------------------------

  E. James Selzer.................  Chief Financial Officer & Vice   Mr. Selzer served as Vice President,
    c/o 3D Systems Corporation      President, Finance               Finance from April 2000, when he
    26081 Avenue Hall                                                joined 3D Systems Corporation, to
    Valencia, CA 91355                                               November 2000, at which time he was
                                                                     promoted to Chief Financial Officer
                                                                     and Vice President, Finance, and
                                                                     continues to serve in those
                                                                     positions.
From January 1999 to March
                                                                     2000, Mr. Selzer was a partner in the
                                                                     financial consulting firm of
                                                                     Whitewolf Partners, LLP where he
                                                                     served as a consultant to several
                                                                     companies, including 3D Systems
                                                                     Corporation.
From January 1998 to
                                                                     January 1999, he served as Chief
                                                                     Financial Officer of Pico Products,
                                                                     Inc.
Prior to that, from May 1994 to
                                                                     January 1998, Mr. Selzer was a senior
                                                                     associate with Jay Alix & Associates,
                                                                     a turnaround management firm.

Martin E. McGough.................  
Sr. Vice President of            Mr. McGough has served as Senior Vice
  c/o 3D Systems Corporation        Development & Operations         President of Development and
  26081 Avenue Hall                                                  Operations since May 2000.
Mr.
  Valencia, CA 91355                                                 McGough served as Vice President and
                                                                     Worldwide Operations Manager from
                                                                     September 1997 to May 2000, after
                                                                     joining 3D Systems Corporation in
                                                                     January of 1997 and was responsible
                                                                     for manufacturing and operations, as
                                                                     well as worldwide field service.
Mr.
                                                                     McGough was formerly with Maxtor
                                                                     Corporation where he held the
                                                                     position of Senior Director of
                                                                     Strategic Commodities.
Prior to
                                                                     Maxtor, he held management positions
                                                                     in Operations, Marketing, Program
                                                                     Management and other manufacturing
                                                                     and materials positions.

Grant R. Flaharty.................  
Sr. Vice President of Worldwide  Mr. Flaharty has served as Senior
  c/o 3D Systems Corporation        Sales & Marketing                Vice President of Worldwide Sales &
  26081 Avenue Hall                                                  Marketing since May 2000 and is
  Valencia, CA 91355                                                 responsible for European operations.
                                                                     
Effective January 2001, Mr.
                                                                     Flaharty's duties include worldwide
                                                                     field service also.
Mr. Flaharty
                                                                     served as VP, General Manager, 3D
                                                                     Systems Europe, from September 1999
                                                                     to May 2000 after joining 3D Systems
                                                                     as Worldwide Controller in April of
                                                                     1998.
He was formerly with Qualcomm,
                                                                     Inc., a developer of wireless
                                                                     communications products, as Director
                                                                     of Manufacturing Finance.
Prior to
                                                                     Qualcomm, he was with Motorola, Inc.
                                                                     as Operations Controller.

                                       
I-2

                                                                      INDIVIDUAL PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR
    NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS                   OFFICE                     EMPLOYMENT (PRESENT/PAST)
    
-------------------------                   ------                
----------------------------------

Karen M. Shotting.................  Vice President, General Counsel  Ms. Shotting has been General Counsel
  c/o 3D Systems Corporation        & Corporate Secretary            since May 2000, and in April 2001 was
  26081 Avenue Hall                                                  named Vice President and Corporate
  Valencia, CA 91355                                                 Secretary.
Ms. Shotting was Director,
                                                                     Worldwide Tax from July 1998 to May
                                                                     2000.
She also served as Associate
                                                                     General Counsel from May 1999 to May
                                                                     2000.
She was formerly with FHP
                                                                     International Corporation, from
                                                                     October 1986 to April 1997, where she
                                                                     was in charge of the tax department,
                                                                     first as Director and finally as Vice
                                                                     President.

Gary J. Sbona.....................  
Director                         Mr. Sbona is Chairman and Chief
  c/o 3D Systems Corporation                                         Executive Officer of Regent Pacific,
  26081 Avenue Hall                                                  which he founded in 1974.
Mr. Sbona
  Valencia, CA 91355                                                 currently serves as Chairman and
                                                                     Chief Executive Officer of the
                                                                     following companies: Verity, Inc., a
                                                                     software company, specializing in
                                                                     knowledge retrieval technology;
                                                                     Auspex Systems, Inc., a provider of
                                                                     network attached storage solutions;
                                                                     and Accelerated Networks, Inc., a
                                                                     provider of broadband access
                                                                     solutions for communications service
                                                                     providers.
Mr. Sbona is also a
                                                                     frequent speaker on the subject of
                                                                     management of turnarounds and has
                                                                     been a faculty member of the Banking
                                                                     Law Institute and the Bank Lending
                                                                     Institute since 1992.
He is also a
                                                                     member of the Institute of Directors.

Miriam V. Gold....................  
Director                         Ms. Gold has served as the Vice
  c/o 3D Systems Corporation                                         President of Legal & Regulatory
  26081 Avenue Hall                                                  Affairs and as Assistant General
  Valencia, CA 91355                                                 Counsel of Ciba Specialty Chemicals,
                                                                     Inc. since December 1996.
Ms. Gold
                                                                     was associated with Ciba-Geigy
                                                                     Corporation, Ardsley, New York, from
                                                                     1977 to December 1996 in various
                                                                     capacities, including: Vice
                                                                     President, Regulatory Affairs from
                                                                     May 1995 to December 1996 and
                                                                     Assistant General Counsel from 1992
                                                                     to December 1996.

Kevin S. Moore....................  
Director                         Since 1991, Mr. Moore has been with
  c/o 3D Systems Corporation                                         The Clark Estates, Inc., a private
  26081 Avenue Hall                                                  investment firm, where he currently
  Valencia, CA 91355                                                 is President and a director.