URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/49826/000091205701509641/0000912057-01-509641.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; PAST CONTACTS OR NEGOTIATIONS WITH THE COMPANY.

    
In July of 2000, Foilmark retained JPMorgan, a division of Chase
Securities Inc. ("JPMorgan"), to advise on the Company's strategic alternatives.

The Company Board considered various strategic alternatives and agreed that the
Company should explore the possibility of a strategic transaction.
The Company's
management and JPMorgan identified and contacted approximately 60 parties to
determine their interest in strategic transactions involving the Company.
Thirty
of these parties expressed an interst in a potential transaction and were sent
confidential information memoranda after executing confidentiality agreements.

By December of 2000, eight of these parties, including Parent, submitted
preliminary indications of interest.

    
In January of 2001, five of these parties conducted due diligence
investigations.
JPMorgan circulated a bid letter and a form of merger agreement
for these parties to review and use as the basis for final proposals.

    
In February of 2001, JPMorgan received final bids from Parent, another
strategic bidder (the "Strategic Bidder") and a financial bidder (the "Financial
Bidder").

    
In February of 2001, JPMorgan made a presentation to members of the Company
Board regarding the three final bids submitted, including Parent's.
After
evaluation of the three bids as to which bid was in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders, the Company Board agreed to pursue further
discussions with Parent based on several factors, including Parent's knowledge
of the Company, the likelihood of completing Parent's proposed transaction, and
the proposed valuation and consideration offered by Parent.

    
In March of 2001, negotiations on the terms of the Merger Agreement and
related agreements commenced among Parent, the Company and their respective
counsel.
These negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, including,
among other things, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the
restrictions on the conduct of their businesses, the conditions to completion of
the Offer and the Merger, the provisions regarding termination, the details of
the "no shop" clause, the amount, triggers and payment of the termination fee
and the consequences of termination and the delivery and terms of the Stock
Option and Tender Agreements.

    
On March 15, 2001, the Strategic Bidder submitted a revised bid, increasing
the offer price per Share from an indicated value of approximately $5.30 per
Share to an indicated value of approximately $6.50 per Share (which represented
approximately $2.65 in cash and 2.5 shares of common stock of the Strategic
Bidder for each Share).
The Strategic Bidder's revised bid was subject to the
approval of the Strategic Bidder's stockholders and the cash component of the
Strategic Bidder's revised bid was subject to a financing contingency and was
not supported by financing commitments.

    
On March 22, 2001, the Company Board held a special telephonic meeting
during which the Company Board discussed the proposed business combination with
Parent.
Dechert and Hinckley, Allen & Snyder LLP ("Hinckley"), counsel to the
Company, reviewed the background of the Company's discussions with Parent as
well as the current status of negotiations and reviewed the terms of the
proposed business combination transaction.
Representatives of JPMorgan reviewed
the financial terms of the transaction as proposed at that time.
The Compny
Board discussed the strategic, business and financial merits and the timing of
the possible transaction with Parent and the terms of Parent's proposal, and
directed management to continue negotiations with Parent.

    
On March 23, 2001, subsequent to the completion of additional financial due
diligence, Parent submitted a revised offer.
The Company rejected the proposed
revised offer.

    
During the weeks of March 26 and April 2, 2001, Parent representatives and
representatives from JPMorgan and certain members of the Company Board had a
series of conversations to discuss the terms and assumptions of the most
recently proposed offer.

    
On April 6, 2001, Parent agreed to increase its offer to $6.36 per Share.

    
On April 10, 2001, the Company Board held a special telephonic meeting to
review the status of negotiations and discussions with Parent since the Company
Board's March 22, 2001 meeting and reviewed revised drafts of the Merger
Agreement and related agreements.
Representatives of JPMorgan, Dechert and
Hinckley also participated.
Representatives of Dechert and Hinckley reviewed wth
the Company Board the main legal principles applicable to the proposed business
combination transaction (including the Board's fiduciary duties and authority in
considering the transaction).
Representatives of Dechert and Hinckley also
reviewed in detail the principal terms of the proposed Merger Agreement and
related agreements and summarized the remaining open issues and responded to
questions by the Company Board.
The Company Board reviewed and discussed the
principal terms of the proposed transaction, including the price to be paid in
the Offer, closing conditions, termination rights, the termination fee, the
Stock Option and Tender Agreements and the Company's ability to consider
alternative proposals.
Also at this meeting, JPMorgan reviewed with the Company
Board the financial terms of the transaction proposed at that time and a
financial comparison of Parent's bid with the other bids received and delivered
its opinion to the Company Board to the effect that, as of such date and based
upon and subject to various considerations, the consideration to be received in
the Offer and the Merger, taken together, was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of common stock of the Company.
After further deliberation,
the Company Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors present and voting at
the meeting:

    - determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
      thereby, including the Offer and the Merger and the Stock Option and
      Tender Agreements, are consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term
      business strategy of the Company and are advisable and are fair to and in
      the best interest of the Company and its stockholders;

    - approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and the transactions
      contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger and the Stock
      Option and Tender Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby;

    - resolved to recommend acceptance of the Offer and approval and adoption of
      the Merger Agreement by the Company's stockholders; and

    - authorized Frank J. Olsen, Jr. and Robert J. Simon to execute, on behalf
      of the Company, the Merger Agreement and such other documents that certain
      of the Company's officers find necessary or advisable in their sole
      discretion, together with any changes, deletions, additions and
      alterations which such officers approve consistent with the resolutions of
      the Company Board.

    
On April 10, 2001, the Merger Agreement was executed by Parent, Sub and the
Company, and Parent and the Company issued a joint press release announcing the
transaction on April 11, 2001.

    
On April 20, 2001, Parent and Sub commenced the Offer.


11.
THE MERGER AGREEMENT; OTHER ARRANGEMENTS.


THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Merger
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as exhibit (d)(1) to the Tender Offer
Statement on Schedule TO (the "Schedule TO") filed by Parent and Sub on
April 20, 2001 with the SEC in connection with the Offer.
The following summary
may not contain all of the information important to you, and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is deemed incorporated by
reference in this Offer to Purchase.
Accordingly, we encourage you to read the
entire Merger Agreement.
Capitalized terms used in this summary and not
otherwise defined in this Offer to Purchase shall have the meanings set forth in
the Merger Agreement.

    
THE OFFER.  
The Merger Agreement provides that, following the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions of the Offer set forth in Section 15 of this Offer
to Purchase entitled "Certain Conditions of the Offer," Sub will purchase all
shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered and not withdrawn.
Parent and
Sub have agreed not to, without the prior consent of the Company (a) reduce

the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to the Offer or reduce or
waive the Minimum Tender Condition, (b) reduce the consideration per share of
Company Common Stock to be paid pursuant to the Offer below the Offer Price,
(c) modify or add to the conditions of the Offer, (d) except for the specific
instances described below, extend the Offer, or (e) change the form of
consideration payable in the Offer.

    
Sub may, however, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer
(a) for up to forty-five (45) days, if at the initial expiration date of the
Offer any of the conditions to the Offer are not satisfied or waived, (b) for an
aggregate of twenty (20) business days if all of the conditions to the Offer
have been satisfied but less than ninety percent (90%) of the then outstanding
number of shares have been validly tendered and not withdrawn, provided that Sub
immediately accepts and promptly pays for all shares tendered prior to the date
of the extension, (c) for any period required by any rule, regulation,
interpretation or position of the SEC, or (d) in increments of not more than
twenty business days, if at the expiration of the Offer, or any extension
thereof, the Merger cannot be consummated because the waiting period under the
HSR Act shall not have terminated or any foreign antitrust law approvals shall
not have been obtained.

    DIRECTORS.  
The Merger Agreement provides that promptly after Sub purchases
and pays for that number of shares of Company Common Stock which represents at
least a majority of the Fully Diluted Shares, Sub shall be entitled to designate
such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Company
Board which is equal to the product of the total number of directors on the
Company Board after giving effect to the directors designated pursuant to this
sentence multiplied by the percentage that the number of shares of Company
Common Stock so accepted for payment by Sub bears to total number of Fully
Diluted Shares, and the Company shall, at such time, cause Sub's designees to be
so appointed or elected.
However, until the Effective Time, the Company shall
retain as members of the Company Board at least two directors who were directors
as of the date of the Merger Agreement.
Following the election or appointment of
Sub's designees and prior to the Effective Time, any amendment or termination of
the Merger Agreement, extension for the performance or waiver of the obligations
of Parent or Sub or waiver of the Company's rights under the Merger Agreement,
requires the concurrence of each member of the Company Board who was a member on
the date of the Merger Agreement.

    
THE MERGER.  
The Merger Agreement provides that, following satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Sub shall be merged
with and into the Company in accordance with the DGCL, with the Company
surviving and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.
Each issued and
outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than shares owned by the
Company, the Company Subsidiaries, Parent or Sub or stockholders, if any, who
are entitled to and who exercise their appraisal rights under the DGCL) will be
converted into the right to receive Merger Consideration, without interest.

    
COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS.  
Each Company Employee Stock Option outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then vested, shall be
canceled in exchange for a cash payment (subject to any required withholding of
Taxes and without interest) of an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the
price per share of Company Common Stock to be paid pursuant to the Offer over
the exercise price per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company
Employee Stock Option, multiplied by the number of shares of Company Common
Stock that otherwise would have been issued upon exercise of such Company
Employee Stock Option.
In addition, each of the Company Option Plans and the
Individual Options will be terminated and any provision in a Company Plan that
provides for the issuance, transfer or grant of or an interest in the capital
stock of the Company shall be deleted to ensure that after the Effective Time a
holder of a Company Employee Stock Option or a participant in any Company Plan
will not have any right to acquire capital stock of the Company or the Surviving
Corporation.

    
EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN.  
The Company Board has agreed to take such
actions under the Company's Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
("ESPP") as may be necessary or desirable in Parent's reasonable judgment to
extend any Offering Period (as defined in the ESPP)

pending on the date of the Merger Agreement until such time as the Merger
Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms without the Offer or
the Merger being consummated (as so extended, the "Pending Offering Period").

The extension of the Offering Period ensures that the Company's employees do not
exercise any option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock granted under the
ESPP during the term of the Merger Agreement.
In addition, prior to Sub's first
acceptance of shares of Company Common Stock in the Offer, the Company Board
will take such actions as may be necessary or desirable in Parent's reasonable
judgment to (i) cancel any Pending Offering Period without any further purchases
of shares of Company Common Stock, (ii) refund all amounts contributed during
the Pending Offering Period, and (iii) terminate the ESPP effective no later
than the date of Sub's first acceptance of shares of Company Common Stock in the
Offer.
The Company Board has also made a determination that the consummation of
the Offer constitutes a "change-in-control event" within the meaning of the
ESPP.

    
STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL.  
The DGCL requires that the Merger be adopted by the
Company Board and, if the "short-form" merger procedure described below is not
available, approved by the holders of a majority of the Company's outstanding
voting securities.
The Company Board unanimously adopted and approved the Offer,
the Merger and the Merger Agreement by all members present.
As a result, the
only additional action that may be necessary to effect the Merger is approval of
the Merger Agreement by the Company's stockholders if a "short-form" merger
procedure is not available.
If required by the DGCL, the Company will call and
hold a special meeting of its stockholders as promptly as practicable following
the consummation of the Offer for the purposes of considering and voting upon
the adoption of the Merger Agreement.
At any such meeting, all shares of Company
Common Stock then owned by Sub or any other Subsidiary of Parent will be voted
in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Merger.
If Sub acquires
through the Offer voting power with respect to at least a majority of the Fully
Diluted Shares (which would be the case if the Minimum Tender Condition were
satisfied and Sub were to accept for payment shares of Company Common Stock
tendered pursuant to the Offer), Sub will have sufficient voting power to effect
the Merger without the affirmative vote of any other stockholder of the Company.

    
The DGCL also provides for a "short-form" merger procedure if a corporation
owns at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of voting stock of a
corporation.
A "short-form" merger may be consummated without prior notice to,
or the approval of, the other stockholders.
Accordingly, if, as a result of the
Offer, Sub or any other Subsidiary of Parent acquires or controls the voting
power of at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, Sub
intends to effect the Merger without prior notice to, or any action by, any
other stockholder of the Company.

    CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER.  
The Merger
Agreement provides that the respective obligations of each party to effect the
Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:
(i) if required, the Company shall have obtained the Company Stockholder
Approval; (ii) the waiting period under the HSR Act shall have been terminated
or shall have expired and any consents, approvals and filings under any foreign
antitrust law, the absence of which would prohibit the consummation of Merger,
shall have been obtained or made; (iii) no temporary restraining order,
preliminary or permanent injunction or other Order or other legal restraint or
prohibition preventing or imposing any conditions or limitations on the
consummation of any of the Transactions shall be in effect; and (iv) Sub shall
have accepted shares of Company Common Stock for payment pursuant to the Offer,
provided that this condition shall not be applicable if, in breach of the Merger
Agreement or the terms of the Offer, Sub fails to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock validly tendered and not withdrawn.

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  
The Merger Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties of the parties which expire as of the Effective
Time.
These include representations and warranties of the Company with respect
to, among other things, organization, standing and power; company subsidiaries
and equity interests; capital structure; authorizations, validity of the Merger
Agreement and necessary action; no conflicts and consents; SEC documents,
financial statements and undisclosed liabilities; information supplied; absence
of certain changes or events; taxes; benefit plans, ERISA compliance and excess
parachute payments; litigation; compliance with applicable laws;

contracts and debt instruments; guarantees; intellectual property; takeover
laws; affiliate transactions; environmental, health and safety; real and
personal property; insurance; compensation; certain advances; licenses and
permits; copies of certain documents; underlying documents; risk management
instruments; brokers, fees and expenses; and opinion of financial advisor.

    
The Merger Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties
of Parent and Sub, including among other things, organization, standing and
power; financing; ownership of Company Common Stock; authorization, validity of
the Merger Agreement and necessary action; no conflicts and consents;
information supplied; brokers; and litigation.

    
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE COMPANY.  
The Merger Agreement provides that from
the date of the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time the Company will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its business in the ordinary and
usual course of business and, except for matters expressly permitted by the
Merger Agreement or disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company will
not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, do any of the following without
the prior written consent of Parent: (i) (A) declare, set aside or pay any
dividends, (B) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock,
(C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock or
(D) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or otherwise reorganize its
operations; (ii) issue, deliver, sell or grant any securities of any kind, other
than the issuance of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Company Employee
Stock Options outstanding on the date of the Merger Agreement; (iii) amend its
organizational documents; (iv) acquire any business, assets or any Person in any
manner; (v) (A) grant any increase in compensation, severance or termination
pay, (B) enter into or amend any employment, consulting, indemnification,
severance or termination agreement with any such present or former employee,
officer or director, (C) enter into or amend in any material respect any
collective bargaining agreement or Company Plan, (D) accelerate any rights or
benefits, or make any material determinations under any collective bargaining
agreement or Company Plan, (E) loan or advance money or other property in excess
of $25,000 in the aggregate, to all present or former employees, officers or
directors or (F) grant or amend any Company Employee Stock Option; (vi) make any
change in accounting methods, principles or practices, except as required by a
change in GAAP; (vii) sell or otherwise dispose of (or permit to become subject
to any Lien, other than a Permitted Lien) any properties or assets;
(viii) (A) incur any indebtedness or guarantee any indebtedness of another
Person or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the
foregoing, or (B) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
investments in, any other Person; (ix) make any expenditures that, in the
aggregate, are in excess of $250,000; (x) make any Tax election or settle or
compromise any Tax liability or refund; (xi) (A) pay, discharge or satisfy any
claims, liabilities or obligations, other than payment, discharge or
satisfaction in accordance with their terms, of liabilities reflected or
reserved against in the most recent consolidated financial statements,
(B) cancel any material indebtedness or waive any claims or rights of
substantial value or (C) waive the benefits of, or modify in any manner, any
confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement to which it is a party;
(xii) amend any Material Contract involving amounts in excess of $100,000 or
enter into any Material Contract; (xiii) authorize any of, or commit or agree to
take any of, the foregoing actions; and (xiv)
take any action that could
reasonably be expected to result in any of the Company's representations and
warranties becoming untrue or any condition to the Offer or the Merger not being
satisfied in all material respects.

    
REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS; NOTIFICATION.  
Each of the parties to the Merger
Agreement have agreed, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
to the Merger, to use their respective reasonable best efforts to take all
actions necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the Offer, the Merger and
the other Transactions, including (i) obtaining all necessary consents and
approvals from Governmental Entities, and making all necessary registrations and
filings with any Governmental Entity, including under the HSR Act,
(ii) obtaining all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties,
(iii) defending any lawsuit or other legal proceeding challenging the Merger
Agreement or any other Transaction Agreement or the consummation of the
Transactions, and (iv) the execution and delivery of any additional instruments
necessary to consummate the Transactions.

    
In addition, the Company and the Company Board have agreed to take all
commercially reasonable action necessary to ensure that no state takeover
statute or regulation is or becomes applicable, and if any state takeover
statute or regulation should become applicable, take all commercially reasonable
action necessary to ensure that the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions
may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by the
Transaction Agreements.

    
Without Parent's prior written consent, the Company shall not (and will not
allow any Company Subsidiary to), commit to any divestitures, licenses, hold
separate arrangements or similar matters affecting business operating practices.

If such divestitures, licenses, hold separate arrangements or similar matters
are contingent on consummation of the Offer, the Company shall commit to, and
shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect (and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to commit to and use their reasonable best efforts to effect), any
such divestitures, licenses, hold separate arrangements or similar matters.

However, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to agree
(with respect to Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries) to
any divestitures, licenses, hold separate arrangements or similar matters,
including covenants affecting business operating practices, if such actions
would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

    
NO SOLICITATION.  
The Merger Agreement provides that until the earlier of
the Effective Time or the termination of the Merger Agreement, the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries shall not (and will use its best efforts to cause each
of its and each of its Subsidiaries' officers, directors or management employees
or any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other
representatives retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries not to) directly or
indirectly (i) solicit, encourage, engage in discussions or negotiate with,
provide information with respect to the Company, enter into an agreement, or
take any other action intended to facilitate any inquiry or effort relating to
an Alternative Acquisition (an "Alternative Acquisition Proposal"), or
(ii) make or authorize any statement, recommendation or solicitation in support
of any possible Alternative Acquisition.
However, prior to Sub accepting any
shares of Company Common Stock for payment pursuant to the Offer, the Company
Board may, to the extent required by the its fiduciary obligations under
Delaware law, in response to a proposal for an Alternative Acquisition (as
defined below) that the Company Board determines, in good faith after
consultation with independent counsel and an independent financial advisor, is
or is reasonably likely to result in a Superior Company Proposal (as defined
below), that was not solicited by the Company or otherwise resulted from a
breach of the Merger Agreement (subject to providing prior written notice to
Parent), (x) furnish information with respect to the Company to the Person or
group making such Alternative Acquisition Proposal and its representatives
pursuant to a confidentiality agreement with terms not materially more favorable
than those applicable to Parent under the Confidentiality Agreement and
(y) participate in discussions and negotiations with such Person regarding such
Alternative Acquisition Proposal.

    
The Company Board may not (i) withdraw or modify its approval or
recommendation of the Merger Agreement, the Offer or the Merger in a manner
adverse to Parent or Sub, (ii) approve or permit the Company to enter into any
letter of intent, agreement in principle, definitive agreement or similar
agreement which is reasonably likely to lead to any Alternative Acquisition
Proposal, (iii) approve or recommend any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or
(iv) propose, agree or resolve to take any of the foregoing actions.
However, if
prior to Sub's acceptance for payment of the Company Common Stock pursuant to
the Offer, the Company Board receives a Superior Company Proposal and the
Company Board determines in good faith, that it is necessary to do so in order
to comply with its fiduciary obligations under Delaware law, the Company Board
may, during such period, in response to a Superior Company Proposal that was
unsolicited and did not otherwise result from a breach of its no solicitation
covenant, withdraw or modify its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the
Merger and the Merger Agreement and approve or recommend such Superior Company
Proposal.

    
The Company must, within 24 hours, advise Parent in writing of any
Alternative Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry that could lead to any
Alternative Acquisition Proposal, which writing shall include the identity of
the Person making such Alternative Acquisition Proposal or inquiry and the

material terms of any such Alternative Acquisition Proposal or inquiry.
The
Company has also agreed to keep Parent reasonably informed of the status of any
Alternative Acquisition Proposal or inquiry and to provide to Parent copies of
all material correspondence provided to or provided by the Company in connection
with any Alternative Acquisition Proposal.

    
"Alternative Acquisition" means any possible business combination with or
any possible acquisition of the Company (whether by way of merger, purchase of
capital stock, purchase of assets or otherwise) or any material portion of its
capital stock or assets.

    
"Superior Company Proposal" means any proposal made by a third party to
acquire all or substantially all the equity securities or assets of the Company,
on terms the Company Board determines in its good faith judgment (after
consultation with a financial adviser, with only customary qualifications, and
independent legal counsel) to be superior for the holders of the Company Common
Stock, from a financial point of view, to the Offer and the Merger, taking into
account all the terms and conditions of such proposal and the Merger Agreement,
(including any proposal made by Parent to amend the terms of the Merger
Agreement, the Offer and the Merger) including the likelihood of consummation.

    
TERMINATION.  
The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
approval by the stockholders of the Company:

        (a) by mutual written consent of Parent, Sub and the Company;

        (b) by either Parent or the Company:

            (i) if Sub has not accepted for payment any shares of Company Common
                Stock pursuant to the Offer on or before August 31, 2001 (the
                "Outside Date"), unless the failure to consummate the Merger is
                the result of a breach of the Merger Agreement by the party
                seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement;

            (ii) if any Governmental Entity issues an Order or takes any other
                 action (that has become final and nonappealable) permanently
                 enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger;

           (iii) if Sub shall have failed to commence the Offer within ten
                 business days following the date of the Merger Agreement or the
                 Offer shall have terminated or expired without Sub having
                 purchased any shares of Company Common Stock, provided that
                 this right to terminate is not available to any party whose
                 failure to fulfill its obligations under the Merger Agreement
                 or the failure of whose representations and warranties to be
                 true results in the failure of any such condition; or

            (iv) if the Company Stockholder Approval is not obtained;

        (c) by Parent, if Sub has not accepted for payment any shares of Company
    Common Stock pursuant to the Offer and the Company breaches or fails to
    perform in any material respect any of its representations, warranties,
    covenants or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, and such breach
    or failure to perform gives rise to the failure of a condition to the Offer
    that cannot be cured within 30 days of receiving written notice from Parent
    (provided that Parent is not then in material breach of the Merger
    Agreement);

        (d) by Parent, if the Company Board withdraws or modifies in a manner
    adverse to Parent its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger or
    the Merger Agreement or fails to recommend that its stockholders accept the
    Offer or give the Company Stockholder Approval or if the Company Board fails
    to reaffirm publicly and unconditionally its recommendation to the Company's
    stockholders within 10 business days of Parent's written request to do so;

        (e) by the Company, if Sub has not accepted for payment any shares of
    Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer and the Company Board shall have
    finally determined to approve, endorse or recommend an Alternative
    Acquisition Proposal (provided the Company has paid or concurrently pays to
    Parent the Termination Fee described below); or

        (f) by the Company, if Sub has not accepted for payment any shares of
    Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer and Parent or Sub breaches or
    fails to perform in any material respect any of its representations,
    warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement and
    such breach or failure to perform gives rise to the failure of a condition
    to the Merger that cannot be cured within 30 days of receiving written
    notice from the Company (provided that the Company is not then in material
    breach of the Merger Agreement).

    
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company cannot terminate the Merger
Agreement until at least seventy-two hours have passed since the Company's
written notice to Parent advising that the Company has received a Superior
Company Proposal, the material terms such Superior Company Proposal and that the
Company intends to accept such Superior Company Proposal.

    EFFECT OF TERMINATION; FEES AND EXPENSES.  
The Company shall pay to Parent a
fee in an amount equal to $2,000,000 (the "Termination Fee") if the Merger
Agreement is terminated under paragraphs (c)(but only with respect to a breach
of its no solicitation covenant),(d) or (e) described above under
"--Termination."
If Parent receives the Termination Fee, such fee shall be
Parent's exclusive remedy for any breach of the Company's representations,
warranties or covenants contained in the Merger Agreement.

    
INDEMNIFICATION; D&O INSURANCE.  
The Merger Agreement provides that all
rights to indemnification in favor of the current or former directors, officers
or employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries under their respective
organizational documents (or in any indemnification agreement to which it is a
party) for acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time shall survive
the Merger and continue for a period of not less than six years from the
Effective Time.

    
In addition, Parent shall maintain for a period of six years from the
Effective Time the Company's current D&O Insurance policy to the extent that it
provides coverage for events occurring prior to the Effective Time, provided the
annual premium is not in excess of 150% of the last annual premium paid prior to
the date of the Merger Agreement (the "Maximum Premium").
Parent may, however,
satisfy its obligations by requesting that the Company extend coverage under its
D&O Insurance by obtaining a six-year "tail" policy on terms and conditions no
less advantageous than the existing D&O Insurance, provided the cost of such
coverage does not exceed three times the Maximum Premium.
Finally, Parent may
satisfy its obligations under this provision if Parent's D&O Insurance provides
(or is amended to provide) substantially similar coverage for events occurring
prior to the Effective Time for persons who are directors and officers of the
Company on the date of the Merger Agreement.

    
CERTAIN EMPLOYEE MATTERS.  
Parent has agreed to maintain each Company Plan
as in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement (other than the Company Option
Plans and the ESPP) or provide plans with benefits no less favorable than those
provided under each Company Plan for a period of one year after the Effective
Time.
If any employees of the Surviving Corporation become participants in any
substitute plan, credit will be given to employees under such plan for all prior
service with the Company for purposes of determining eligibility only.


GOING PRIVATE TRANSACTIONS.

    
The Merger would have to comply with any applicable federal law operative at
the time of its consummation including Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act which
applies to certain "going private" transactions.
If applicable, Rule 13e-3
requires, among other things, that certain financial information concerning the
fairness of the Merger and the consideration offered to minority stockholders in
the Merger be filed with the SEC and disclosed to stockholders prior to the
consummation of the Merger.
Sub does not believe that Rule 13e-3 will be
applicable to the Merger unless the Merger is consummated more than one year
after the termination of the Offer

CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT.

    
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Confidentiality
Agreement.
This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the complete text of the

Confidentiality Agreement, a copy of which is filed with the SEC as
Exhibit (d)(2) to the Schedule TO and incorporated herein by reference.

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined below shall have the meanings set forth
in the Confidentiality Agreement.

    
The Confidentiality Agreement has a three-year term and provides that the
Company will make available to Parent certain information concerning its
business, financial condition, operations and assets (the "Evaluation Material")
solely for purposes of evaluating the potential acquisition of all or any
portion of the assets, securities or business of the Company.
Parent has agreed
to keep the Evaluation Material confidential, except for disclosure to its
Representatives who need such information in order to evaluate the potential
transaction.


STOCK OPTION AND TENDER AGREEMENTS.

    
Parent has entered into Stock Option and Tender Agreements with the
following Stockholders: The Estate of Frank J. Olsen, Sr., Carol J. Robie,
Martin A. Olsen, Gloria Olsen, Frank J. Olsen, Jr., Edward D. Sullivan, Bradford
Venture Partners, L.P., and Overseas Private Investor Partners (collectively,
the "Stockholders").
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the
Stock Option and Tender Agreements.
This summary does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Stock
Option and Tender Agreements, copies of which are filed with the SEC as Exhibits
(d)(3)-(9) to the Schedule TO and incorporated herein by reference.
Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined below shall have the meanings set forth in the Stock
Option and Tender Agreements.

    
The Stock Option and Tender Agreements require each of the Stockholders to
tender their respective Shares to Parent as soon as practicable after
commencement of the Offer.
In addition, the Stockholders have granted Parent the
Option to purchase all of their respective Shares for the higher of the Offer
Price in cash or such higher price per Share in cash as Parent or any of its
subsidiaries may offer to pay for Shares in the Offer, beginning on the date
that the Merger Agreement is terminated after an Alternative Acquisition
Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) has been made, proposed,
communicated or disclosed in any manner, and ending on the date (the "Expiration
Date") that is the later of ten business days following (1) such termination of
the Merger Agreement and (2) the receipt by Parent of any of the governmental
consents or the expiration of any waiting periods which would otherwise prevent
the consummation of the Merger.
If Parent exercises the Option, but does not
acquire a number of Shares representing at least the Minimum Tender Condition
within twelve months after such exercise, and within such twelve-month period
Parent sells the Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option pursuant to a
merger, liquidation, reorganization or business combination involving the
Company, then upon consummation of such disposition, Parent will pay to the
Stockholders in cash the amount, if any, by which the consideration per Share
received by Parent in the disposition exceeds the Offer Price (or such higher
price per Share as Parent or any of its subsidiaries may offer to pay for Shares
in the Offer), multiplied by the number of Shares sold in the disposition.

    
The Stockholders have also agreed to vote all of their respective Shares in
favor of approval of the Merger Agreement and the Merger and against any
alternative acquisition.
In addition, the Stockholders have granted Parent an
irrevocable proxy to vote all of their respective Shares in favor of approval of
the Merger Agreement and the Merger and against any alternative acquisition.

    
The Stock Option and Tender Agreements may be terminated at any time (1) by
mutual written consent of the parties, (2) by either party on or after the
termination of the Merger Agreement other than pursuant to an Applicable
Termination, or (3) by either party on or after the Expiration Date, provided
that Parent's obligations with respect to any disposition within twelve months
after exercise of the Options shall survive any such termination.


LETTER AGREEMENT WITH FRANK J. OLSEN, JR.

    
On April 10, 2001, Parent entered into a letter agreement with Frank J.
Olsen, Jr. which, subject to the consummation of the Merger, amends the terms
and conditions of his employment agreement.
Pursuant to the letter agreement,
Parent agreed to honor the salary, bonus and other financial elements

of Mr. Olsen's employment agreement and employ Mr. Olsen as a Vice President and
General Manager of Parent.
In addition, the letter agreement provides that,
except in connection with a marked negative change in the scope of Mr. Olsen's
duties from his position as Vice President, the Merger will not constitute a
"change of control," "take-over transaction" or a "termination event" for
purposes of the employment agreement.

    
The summary of the terms of Mr. Olsen's letter agreement is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the complete text of the letter agreement, which has
been filed as Exhibit d(12) to the Schedule TO, and is incorporated herein by
reference.


12.
PURPOSE OF THE OFFER; PLANS FOR THE COMPANY.

    
PURPOSE OF THE OFFER.  
The purpose of the Offer is to acquire control of,
and the entire common stock equity interest in, the Company.
The purpose of the
Merger is to acquire all outstanding Shares not tendered and purchased pursuant
to the Offer.
If the Offer is successful, Sub intends to consummate the Merger
as soon as practicable following the satisfaction or waiver of each of the
conditions to the Merger set forth in the Merger Agreement.

    PLANS FOR THE COMPANY.  
If at least enough Shares equal to the Minimum
Tender Condition are purchased pursuant to the Offer, Parent will designate its
representatives to be a majority of the Company Board.
It is also expected that,
initially following the Merger, the business operations of the Company will be
continued by the surviving corporation substantially as they are currently being
conducted.
The directors of Sub will be the initial directors of the surviving
corporation, and the officers of the Company will be the initial officers of the
surviving corporation.
Certain members of the Company's current management are
not expected to continue with the surviving corporation following the Merger.

Upon completion of the Offer and the Merger, Parent intends to conduct a
detailed review of the Company and its assets, corporate structure,
capitalization, operations, policies, management and personnel.
After such
review, Parent will determine what actions or changes, if any, would be
desirable in light of the circumstances which then exist.

    
Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, neither Parent nor Sub has
any present plans or proposals that would relate to or result in: (i) any
extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or
liquidation involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) a purchase,
sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, (iii) any change in the Company Board or management, including,
but not limited to, any plans or proposals to change the number or term of
directors or to fill any existing vacancies on the Company Board or to change
any material term of the employment contract of any executive officer, (iv) any
material change in the Company's capitalization, indebtedness or dividend
policy, (v) any other material change in the Company's corporate structure or
business, (vi) a class of securities being delisted from a national securities
exchange or ceasing to be authorized to be quoted in an inter-dealer quotation
system of a registered national securities association, or (vii) a class of
equity securities of the Company becoming eligible for termination of
registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act.
See Sections 11
and 13 of this Offer to Purchase--"The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements" and
"Certain Effects of the Offer," respectively.

13.
CERTAIN EFFECTS OF THE OFFER.

    MARKET FOR THE SHARES.  
The purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer will
reduce the number of holders of Shares and the number of Shares that might
otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market
value of the remaining Shares held by stockholders other than Sub.
Sub cannot
predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares that might otherwise trade
publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for, or
marketability of, the Shares or whether such reduction would cause future market
prices to be greater or less than the Offer Price.

    
STOCK QUOTATION.  
Listing the Shares on the National Association of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System is voluntary, so the Company may
terminate such listing at any time.
Neither Parent nor Sub has any intention to
cause the Company to seek to terminate the inclusion of the Shares on

the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System prior
to the Merger.
However, depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant
to the Offer, the Shares may no longer meet the standards for continued
inclusion on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation
System.
According to its published guidelines, the National Association of
Securities Dealers considers delisting the Shares if, among other things, the
number of publicly held Shares, as the case may be, falls below 750,000 or the
number of holders of round lots of Shares falls below 400.
Shares held by
officers or directors of the Company or their immediate families, or by any
beneficial owner of more than 10% or more of the Shares, ordinarily will not be
considered as being publicly held for this purpose.
In the event the Shares are
no longer eligible for listing on the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System, quotations might still be available from other
sources.
The extent of the public market for the Shares and the availability of
such quotations would, however, depend upon the number of holders of Shares at
such time, the interest in maintaining a market in Shares on the part of
securities firms, the possible termination of registration of Shares under the
Exchange Act as described below and other factors.
If, as a result of the
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Shares no longer meet the criteria
for continued inclusion in the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System, the market for the Shares could be adversely
affected.

    
EXCHANGE ACT REGISTRATION.  
The Shares are currently registered under the
Exchange Act.
The purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer may result in the
Shares becoming eligible for deregistration under the Exchange Act.
Such
registration of the Shares may be terminated upon application of the Company to
the SEC if the Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange and there
are fewer than 300 holders of record of the Shares.
Termination of registration
of the Shares under the Exchange Act would substantially reduce the information
required to be furnished by the Company to its stockholders and to the SEC and
would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act no longer applicable to the
Company, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) of
the Exchange Act, the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement pursuant to
Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act in connection with stockholders' meetings and
the related requirement of furnishing an annual report to stockholders, and the
requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to "going
private" transactions.
Furthermore, the ability of "affiliates" of the Company
and persons holding "restricted securities" of the Company to dispose of such
securities pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 may
be impaired or eliminated.
If registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act
were terminated, the Shares would no longer be "margin securities" or be
eligible for inclusion on the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System

    Sub believes that the purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer may
result in the Shares becoming eligible for deregistration under the Exchange Act
and it would be the intention of Sub to cause the Company to make an application
for termination of registration of the Shares as soon as possible after
successful completion of the Merger, if the Shares are then eligible for such
termination.

    
MARGIN REGULATIONS.  
The Shares are currently "margin securities" under the
Regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
"Federal Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing
brokers to extend credit on the collateral of the Shares.
Depending upon factors
similar to those described above regarding the market for the Shares and stock
quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, the Shares would no longer
constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the margin regulations of the
Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for
loans made by brokers.


14.
DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.

    
The Merger Agreement provides that from the date of the Merger Agreement
until the Effective Time, unless Parent has consented in writing, the Company
may not declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other
distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock.

15.
CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER.

    
Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, Sub
shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules
and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act
(relating to Sub's obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly
after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer), to pay for any Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer unless (i) there shall have been validly tendered
and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer that number of Shares
which would represent at least a majority of the Fully Diluted Shares (the
"Minimum Tender Condition") and (ii) the waiting period (and any extension
thereof) applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer under the
HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired and any consents,
approvals and filings under any foreign antitrust law, the absence of which
would prohibit the purchase of all Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, shall
have been obtained or made prior to the acceptance of Shares pursuant to the
Offer.
The term "Fully Diluted Shares" means all outstanding securities entitled
generally to vote in the election of directors of the Company on a fully diluted
basis, after giving effect to the exercise, conversion or termination of all
options, warrants, rights and securities exercisable or convertible into such
voting securities.
Furthermore, notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or
the Merger Agreement, Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or,
subject as aforesaid, to pay for any Shares not theretofore accepted for payment
or paid for, and may terminate or amend the Offer, with the consent of the
Company or if, at any time on or after the date of the Merger Agreement and
before the acceptance of such Shares for payment or the payment therefor, any of
the following conditions exists:

        (a) there shall have been instituted or pending any suit, action or
    proceeding that has a reasonable likelihood of success, (i) challenging the
    acquisition by Parent or Sub of any Shares, seeking to restrain or prohibit
    the making or consummation of the Offer or the Merger or any other
    transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Stock Option and
    Tender Agreements, or seeking to obtain from the Company, Parent or Sub any
    damages that are material in relation to the Company and its subsidiaries
    taken as a whole, (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit the ownership or
    operation by the Company, Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries of
    any material portion of the business or assets of the Company, Parent or any
    of their respective subsidiaries, or to compel the Company, Parent or any of
    their respective subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material
    portion of the business or assets of the Company, Parent or any of their
    respective subsidiaries, as a result of the Offer, the Merger or any of the
    other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Stock Option
    and Tender Agreements, (iii) seeking to impose limitations on the ability of
    Parent or Sub to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of ownership of,
    any Shares, including the right to vote the Shares purchased by it on all
    matters properly presented to the stockholders of the Company, (iv) seeking
    to prohibit Parent or any of its subsidiaries from effectively controlling
    in any material respect the business or operations of the Company and the
    subsidiaries of the Company, or (v) which otherwise is reasonably likely to
    have a material adverse effect on the ability of Parent or Sub to perform
    its obligations under the Merger Agreement or on the ability of Parent or
    Sub to consummate the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions or a
    material adverse effect on the business, assets and liabilities (taken
    together), results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the
    Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or a material adverse effect
    on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Merger
    Agreement or on the ability of the Company to consummate the Offer, the
    Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and
    the Stock Option and Tender Agreements (a "Company Material Adverse
    Effect");

        (b) any statute, rule, regulation, legislation, interpretation,
    judgment, order or injunction shall be enacted, entered, enforced,
    promulgated, amended or issued with respect to, or deemed applicable to, or
    any consent or approval withheld with respect to the Offer, the Merger or
    any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the
    Stock Option and Tender Agreements, by any Governmental Entity that is
    reasonably likely to result, directly or indirectly, in any of the
    consequences referred to in paragraph (a) above;

        (c) except as disclosed in all Company SEC Documents that were filed and
    publicly available prior to the date of the Merger Agreement (the "Filed
    Company SEC Documents") or the letter,

    dated as of the date of the Merger Agreement, delivered by the Company to
    Parent and Sub (the "Company Disclosure Letter"), since the date of the most
    recent audited financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC
    Documents there shall have occurred any event, change, effect or development
    that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to
    have, a Company Material Adverse Effect, except where such event results,
    directly or indirectly, from (i) changes affecting the economy generally,
    (ii) changes affecting the industry in which the Company operates generally,
    (iii) the public announcement or pendency of the Offer, the Merger or the
    transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Stock Option and
    Tender Agreements, or (iv) compliance by the Company with any of the terms
    of the Merger Agreement;

        (d) (i) it shall have been publicly disclosed or Parent shall have
    otherwise learned that beneficial ownership (determined for the purposes of
    this paragraph as set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange
    Act) of more than 15% of the outstanding Shares has been acquired by another
    Person (including any group as defined in the Exchange Act) or (ii) the
    Company Board or any committee thereof shall have withdrawn or modified in a
    manner adverse to Parent its approval or recommendation of the Offer and the
    Merger Agreement or the Company Board or any committee thereof shall have
    resolved to take any of the foregoing actions;

        (e) any of the representations and warranties of the Company in the
    Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct as of the date of the Merger
    Agreement and as of such time as though made at such time, except (i) to the
    extent such representation and warranty expressly relates to a specific date
    (in which case on and as of such specific date), (ii) to the extent Parent
    had consented in writing to any supplement or amendment to the Company
    Disclosure Letter, or (iii) where the failure to be so true and correct
    would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Company Material
    Adverse Effect;

        (f) the Company shall have failed to perform in any respect any
    obligation or to comply in any respect with any agreement or covenant of the
    Company to be performed or complied with by it under the Merger Agreement;
    except for such failures which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
    result in a Company Material Adverse Effect; or

        (g) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with
    its terms;

which, in the reasonable judgment of Sub or Parent, in any such case, and
regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition (including any
action or inaction by Parent or any of its affiliates) makes it inadvisable to
proceed with such acceptance for payment or payment.

    
The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Sub and Parent and may
be asserted by Sub or Parent regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such
condition or may be waived by Sub and Parent in whole or in part at any time and
from time to time in their sole discretion.
The failure by Parent, Sub or any
other affiliate of Parent at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights
shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right, the waiver of any such right
with respect to particular facts and circumstances shall not be deemed a waiver
with respect to any other facts and circumstances and each such right shall be
deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to time.


16.
CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS; REGULATORY APPROVALS.

    GENERAL.  
Sub is not aware of any material pending legal proceeding relating
to the Offer.
Based on its examination of publicly available information filed
by the Company with the SEC and other publicly available information concerning
the Company, Sub is not aware of any governmental license or regulatory permit
that is material to the Company's business that might be adversely affected by
Sub's purchase of the Shares as contemplated herein or, except as set forth
below, of any approval or other action by any government or governmental
administrative or regulatory authority or agency, domestic or foreign, that
would be required for the purchase or ownership of Shares by Sub or Parent as
contemplated in the Offer.
Should any such approval or other action be required,
Sub currently contemplates that, except as described below under "State Takeover
Statutes," such approval or other action will be sought.
There can be no
assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be obtained
or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that if such approval
were

not obtained or such other action were not taken, adverse consequences might not
result to the Company's business, or certain parts of the Company's business
might not have to be disposed of, any of which could cause Sub to elect to
terminate the Offer without the purchase of Shares under certain conditions.
See
Section 15 of this Offer to Purchase--"Certain Conditions of the Offer.
"

    STATE TAKEOVER STATUTES.  
A number of states (including Delaware, where the
Company is incorporated), have adopted laws which purport, to varying degrees,
to apply to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in, or which
have substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or principal
places of business or whose business operations otherwise have substantial
economic effects in, such states.
Except as described herein, Sub does not know
whether any of these laws will, by their terms, apply to the Offer or the Merger
or any other business combination between Sub or any of its affiliates and the
Company.
To the extent that certain provisions of these laws purport to apply to
the Offer or the Merger or other business combination, Sub believes that there
are reasonable bases for contesting such laws.
In 1982, in Edgar v. MITE Corp.,
the Supreme Court of the United States invalidated on constitutional grounds the
Illinois Business Takeover Statute which, as a matter of state securities law,
made takeovers of corporations meeting certain requirements more difficult.

However, in 1987 in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of America, the Supreme Court
held that the State of Indiana could, as a matter of corporate law,
constitutionally disqualify a potential acquiror from voting shares of a target
corporation without the prior approval of the remaining stockholders where,
among other things, the corporation is incorporated in, and has a substantial
number of stockholders in, the state.
Subsequently, in TLX Acquisition Corp. v.
Telex Corp., a Federal District Court in Oklahoma ruled that the Oklahoma
statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they apply to corporations
incorporated outside Oklahoma in that they would subject such corporations to
inconsistent regulations.
Similarly, in Tyson Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds, a
Federal District Court in Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee takeover statutes
were unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside Tennessee.

This decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit.

    
Section 203 of the DGCL ("Section 203"), in general, prevents an "interested
stockholder" (including a person who owns or has the right to acquire 15% or
more of the corporation's outstanding voting stock) from engaging in a "business
combination" (defined to include mergers and certain other actions) with a
Delaware corporation for a period of three years following the date such person
became an interested stockholder.
The Company Board has taken all appropriate
action so that neither Parent nor Sub is or will be considered an "interested
stockholder" pursuant to Section 203.

    
Neither Parent nor Sub has determined whether any other state takeover laws
or regulations will by their terms apply to the Offer or the Merger, and except
as set forth above, neither Sub nor Parent have attempted to comply with any
state takeover statutes in connection with the Offer or the Merger.
Sub and
Parent reserve the right to challenge the validity or applicability of any state
law allegedly applicable to the Offer or the Merger, and nothing in this Offer
to Purchase nor any action taken by Parent or Sub in connection with the Offer
is intended as a waiver of that right.
In the event it is asserted that one or
more state takeover statutes is applicable to the Offer or the Merger and an
appropriate court does not determine that it is inapplicable or invalid as
applied to the Offer or the Merger, Sub might be required to file certain
information with, or to receive approvals from, the relevant state authorities
or holders of Shares, and Sub might be unable to accept for payment or pay for
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, or be delayed in continuing or
consummating the Offer or the Merger.
In such case, Sub may not be obligated to
accept for payment or pay for any tendered Shares.
See Section 16 of this Offer
to Purchase--"Certain Conditions of the Offer.
"

ANTITRUST IN THE UNITED STATES

    Under the HSR Act and the rules that have been promulgated thereunder by the
FTC, certain acquisition transactions may not be consummated unless certain
information has been furnished to the Antitrust Division and the FTC and certain
waiting period requirements have been satisfied.
The purchase of Shares pursuant
to the Offer is subject to such requirements.

    
Pursuant to the requirements of the HSR Act, Sub filed a Notification and
Report Form with respect to the Offer and Merger with the Antitrust Division and
the FTC on April 11, 2001.
The

waiting period applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer is
scheduled to expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, fifteen days after such
filing.
However, prior to such time, the Antitrust Division or the FTC may
extend the waiting period by requesting additional information or documentary
material relevant to the Offer from Sub.
If such a request is made, the waiting
period will be extended until 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the tenth day
after substantial compliance by Sub with such request.
Thereafter, such waiting
period can be extended only by court order.

    
Any extension of the waiting period will not give rise to any withdrawal
rights not otherwise provided for by applicable law.
See Section 4 of this Offer
to Purchase--"Withdrawal Rights."
If Sub's purchase of Shares is delayed
pursuant to a request by the Antitrust Division or the FTC for additional
information or documentary material pursuant to the HSR Act, the Offer will be
extended in certain circumstances.
See Section 15 of this Offer to
Purchase--"Certain Conditions of the Offer.
"

    The Antitrust Division and the FTC scrutinize the legality under the
antitrust laws of transactions such as the purchase of Shares by Sub pursuant to
the Offer.
At any time before or after the consummation of any such
transactions, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the
antitrust laws of the United States as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, including seeking to enjoin the purchase of Shares pursuant to
the Offer or seeking divestiture of the Shares so acquired or divestiture of
substantial assets of Parent or the Company.
Private parties (including
individual states) may also bring legal actions under the antitrust laws of the
United States.
Sub does not believe that the consummation of the Offer will
result in a violation of any applicable antitrust laws.
However, there can be no
assurance that a challenge to the Offer on antitrust grounds will not be made,
or if such a challenge is made, what the result will be.
See Section 15 of this
Offer to Purchase--"Certain Conditions of the Offer," including conditions with
respect to litigation and certain governmental actions and Section 11 of this
Offer to Purchase--"The Merger Agreement; Other Arrangements" for certain
termination rights.


FOREIGN REGULATORY MATTERS.

    
Completion of the transaction also may require certain approvals by foreign
regulatory authorities.
The parties conduct business in a number of foreign
countries.
Under the laws of certain foreign nations and multinational
authorities, the transaction may not be completed unless certain filings are
made with these nations' antitrust regulatory authorities or multinational
antitrust authorities and these antitrust authorities approve or clear closing
of the transaction.
Other foreign nations and multinational authorities have
voluntary and/or post-merger notification systems.
Should any such approval or
action be required, the parties currently contemplate that such approval or
action would be sought.

    
Although the parties believe that they will obtain all material required
regulatory approvals in a timely manner, it is not certain that all such
approvals will be received in a timely manner or at all or that foreign or
multinational antitrust authorities will not impose unfavorable conditions for
granting the required approvals.


17.
APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

    
No appraisal rights are available in connection with the Offer.

    
If Sub acquires at least 90% of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Merger
may be consummated without a stockholders' meeting and without the approval of
the Company's stockholders.

    
Holders of Shares at the Effective Time who do not wish to accept the Merger
Consideration pursuant to the Merger will have the right to seek an appraisal
and to be paid the "fair value" of their Shares at the Effective Time (exclusive
of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
Merger) judicially determined and paid to it in cash provided that such holder
complies with the provisions of such Section 262 of the DGCL.

    
The following is a brief summary of the statutory procedures to be followed
in order to dissent from the Merger and perfect appraisal rights under Delaware
law.
This summary is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to Section 262, the text of which is set forth in

Schedule II hereto.
Any stockholder considering demanding appraisal is advised
to consult legal counsel.
Dissenters' rights, if any, will not be available
unless and until the Merger (or a similar business combination) is consummated.

    
Stockholders of record who desire to exercise their appraisal rights must
fully satisfy all of the following conditions.
A written demand for appraisal of
Shares must be delivered to the Secretary of the Company (x) before the taking
of the vote on the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement if the Merger
is not being effected without a vote of stockholders pursuant to Section 253 of
the DGCL (a "short-form merger"), but rather is being consummated following
approval thereof at a meeting of the Company's stockholders (a "long-form
merger") or (y) within twenty days after the date that the Surviving Corporation
mails to the stockholders a notice (the "Notice of Merger") to the effect that
the Merger is effective and that appraisal rights are available (and includes in
such notice a copy of Section 262 and any other information required thereby) if
the Merger is being effected as a short-form merger without a vote or meeting of
the Company's stockholders.
If the Merger is effected as a long-form merger,
this written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any
proxy or vote abstaining from or against the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement, and neither voting against, abstaining from voting, nor failing to
vote on the Merger Agreement will constitute a demand for appraisal within the
meaning of Section 262.
In the case of a long-form merger, any stockholder
seeking appraisal rights must hold the Shares for which appraisal is sought on
the date the demand is made and, continuously hold such Shares through the
Effective Time, and otherwise comply with the provisions of Section 262.

    
In the case of both a short-form merger and a long-form merger, a demand for
appraisal must be executed by or for the stockholder of record, fully and
correctly, as such stockholder's name appears on the Share Certificates.
If
Shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee,
guardian or custodian, such demand must be executed by the fiduciary.
If Shares
are owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in
common, such demand must be executed by all joint owners.
An authorized agent,
including an agent for two or more joint owners, may execute the demand for
appraisal for a stockholder of record; however, the agent must identify the
record owner and expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand, he
is acting as agent for the record owner.

    
A record owner, such as a broker, who holds Shares as a nominee for others,
may exercise appraisal rights with respect to the Shares held for all or less
than all beneficial owners of Shares as to which the holder is the record owner.

In such case the written demand must set forth the number of Shares covered by
such demand.
Where the number of Shares is not expressly stated, the demand will
be presumed to cover all Shares outstanding in the name of such record owner.

Beneficial owners who are not record owners and who intend to exercise appraisal
rights should instruct the record owner to comply strictly with the statutory
requirements with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights before the date of
any meeting of stockholders of the Company called to approve the Merger in the
case of a long-form merger and within twenty days following the mailing of the
Notice of Merger in the case of a short-form merger.

    
Stockholders who elect to exercise appraisal rights must mail or deliver
their written demands to: Secretary, Foilmark, Inc., 5 Malcolm Hoyt Drive,
Newburyport, Massachusetts 01950.
The written demand for appraisal should
specify the stockholder's name and mailing address, the number of Shares covered
by the demand and that the stockholder is thereby demanding appraisal of such
shares.
In the case of a long-form merger, the Company must, within ten days
after the Effective Time, provide notice of the Effective Time to all
stockholders who have complied with Section 262 and have not voted for approval
and adoption of the Merger Agreement.

    
In the case of a long-form merger, stockholders electing to exercise their
appraisal rights under Section 262 must not vote for the approval and adoption
of the Merger Agreement or consent thereto in writing.
Voting in favor of the
approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement, or delivering a proxy in
connection with the stockholders meeting called to approve the Merger Agreement
(unless the proxy votes against, or expressly abstains from the vote on, the
approval and adoption of the Merger

Agreement), will constitute a waiver of the stockholder's right of appraisal and
will nullify any written demand for appraisal submitted by the stockholder.

    
Regardless of whether the Merger is effected as a long-form merger or a
short-form merger, within 120 days after the Effective Time, either the Company
or any stockholder who has complied with the required conditions of Section 262
and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights may file a petition in the
Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the fair value of the
shares of the dissenting stockholders.
If a petition for an appraisal is timely
filed, after a hearing on such petition, the Delaware Court of Chancery will
determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and thereafter
will appraise the Shares owned by such stockholders, determining the fair value
of such Shares exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment
or expectation of the Merger, together with a fair rate of interest to be paid,
if any, upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
In determining fair
value, the Delaware Court of Chancery is to take into account all relevant
factors.
In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., et al., the Delaware Supreme Court
discussed the factors that could be considered in determining fair value in an
appraisal proceeding, stating that "proof of value by any techniques or methods
which are generally considered acceptable in the financial community and
otherwise admissible in court" should be considered and that "[f]air price
obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of
a company."
The Delaware Supreme Court stated that in making this determination
of fair value the court must consider "market value, asset value, dividends,
earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any other facts which were
known or which could be ascertained as of the date of merger which throw any
light on future prospects of the merged corporation...."
The Delaware Supreme
Court has construed Section 262 to mean that "elements of future value,
including the nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof
as of the date of the merger and not the product of speculation, may be
considered."
However, the court noted that Section 262 provides that fair value
is to be determined "exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger.
"

    Stockholders who in the future consider seeking appraisal should have in
mind that the fair value of their Shares determined under Section 262 could be
more than, the same as, or less than the Merger Consideration if they do seek
appraisal of their Shares, and that opinions of investment banking firms as to
fairness from a financial point of view are not necessarily opinions as to fair
value under Section 262.
Moreover, Parent intends to cause the Surviving
Corporation to argue in any appraisal proceeding that, for purposes thereof, the
"fair value" of the Shares is less than that paid in the Offer.
The cost of the
appraisal proceeding may be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and
taxed upon the parties as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems equitable in the
circumstances.
Upon application of a dissenting stockholder, the Delaware Court
of Chancery may order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
dissenting stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of
experts, be charged pro rata against the value of all Shares entitled to
appraisal.
In the absence of such a determination or assessment, each party
bears its own expenses.

    
Any stockholder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 will not, after the Effective Time, be entitled to vote for any
purpose the Shares subject to such demand or to receive payment of dividends or
other distributions on such Shares, except for dividends or other distributions
payable to stockholders of record at a date prior to the Effective Time.

    
At any time within 60 days after the Effective Time, any former holder of
Shares shall have the right to withdraw his or her demand for appraisal and to
accept the Merger Consideration.
After this period, such holder may withdraw his
or her demand for appraisal only with the consent of the Company as the
Surviving Corporation.
If no petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware
Court of Chancery within 120 days after the Effective Time, stockholders' rights
to appraisal shall cease and all stockholders shall be entitled to receive the
Merger Consideration.
Inasmuch as the Company has no obligation to file such a
petition, and Parent has no present intention to cause or permit the Surviving
Corporation to do so, any stockholder who desires such a petition to be filed is
advised to file it on a timely basis.
However, no petition timely filed in the
Delaware Court of Chancery demanding appraisal shall be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery, and such
approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery
deems just.

    
Failure to take any required step in connection with the exercise of
appraisal rights may result in the termination or waiver of such rights.

    
APPRAISAL RIGHTS CANNOT BE EXERCISED AT THIS TIME.
THE INFORMATION SET FORTH
ABOVE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY WITH RESPECT TO ALTERNATIVES AVAILABLE
TO STOCKHOLDERS
IF THE MERGER IS CONSUMMATED.
STOCKHOLDERS WHO WILL BE ENTITLED
TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER WILL RECEIVE ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION CONCERNING APPRAISAL RIGHTS AND THE PROCEDURES TO BE FOLLOWED IN
CONNECTION THEREWITH BEFORE SUCH STOCKHOLDERS HAVE TO TAKE ANY ACTION RELATING
THERETO.

    
STOCKHOLDERS WHO SELL SHARES IN THE OFFER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO EXERCISE
APPRAISAL RIGHTS WITH RESPECT THERETO
BUT, RATHER, WILL RECEIVE THE PRICE PAID
IN THE OFFER THEREFOR.

    
The foregoing summary of the rights of objecting stockholders under the DGCL
does not purport to be a complete statement of the procedures to be followed by
stockholders of the Company desiring to exercise any available dissenters'
rights.
The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to
Section 262.
The preservation and exercise of dissenters' rights require strict
adherence to the applicable provisions of the DGCL.


18. FEES AND EXPENSES.

    
Parent and Sub have retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to be the Information
Agent and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company to be the Depositary in
connection with the Offer.
The Information Agent may contact holders of Shares
by mail, telephone, telecopy, telegraph and personal interview and may request
banks, brokers, dealers and other nominees to forward materials relating to the
Offer to beneficial owners of Shares.
The Information Agent and the Depositary
each will receive reasonable and customary compensation for their respective
services in connection with the Offer, will be reimbursed for reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses, and will be indemnified against certain liabilities and
expenses in connection therewith, including certain liabilities under federal
securities laws.
Neither Parent nor Sub will pay any fees or commissions to any
broker or dealer or to any other person (other than to the Depositary and the
Information Agent) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares
pursuant to the Offer.
Brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies
will, upon request, be reimbursed by Sub for customary mailing and handling
expenses incurred by them in forwarding Offering materials to their customers.


19.
MISCELLANEOUS.

    
Neither Sub nor Parent is aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the
Offer is prohibited by any administrative or judicial action pursuant to any
valid state statute.
If either Sub or Parent becomes aware of any valid state
statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Shares,
Parent and Sub will make a good faith effort to comply with that state statute.

If, after a good faith effort, Sub and Parent cannot comply with the state
statute, the Offer will not be made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on
behalf of, the holders of Shares in that state.
In any jurisdiction where the
securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed
broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of Sub by one
or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such
jurisdiction.

    
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF PARENT OR SUB NOT CONTAINED HEREIN IN THE OFFER
DOCUMENTS AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION MUST NOT BE
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

    
Sub has filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO pursuant
to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act,
together with exhibits furnishing certain additional information with respect to
the Offer, and may file amendments thereto.
In addition, the

Company has filed with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9, together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the
Exchange Act, setting forth the recommendations of the Company Board with
respect to the Offer and the reasons for such recommendations and furnishing
certain additional related information.

                            
DUDLEY ACQUISITION
INC.

April 20, 2001

                                  SCHEDULE I:
               DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PARENT AND SUB

1.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PARENT.

    
The following table sets forth the name and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the
past five years of each director and executive officer of Parent.
Unless
otherwise indicated below, each occupation set forth opposite each person refers
to employment with Parent.
Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of
each such person is c/o Illinois Tool Works Inc. at 3600 West Lake Avenue,
Glenview, Illinois 60025 and each such person is a citizen of the United States.


DIRECTORS AND
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                    PRESENT PRINCIPAL AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ------------------               ------------------------------------------------------------

W. James Farrell                 Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
W. James
                                 Farrell, 58, has been Chairman of Parent since 1996 and
                                 Chief Executive Officer of Parent since 1995.
Mr. Farrell
                                 served as President of Parent from 1994 until 1996 and as
                                 Executive Vice President of Parent from 1983 until 1994.
He
                                 has 35 years of service with Parent.
He is a director of
                                 Allstate Insurance Company, Sears, Roebuck & Co., The Quaker
                                 Oats Company and the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.
Mr.
                                 Farrell has served as a director of Parent since 1995.


William F. Aldinger III          Director.
William F. Aldinger III, 53, has served as the
                                 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Household
                                 International, Inc., a consumer finance company, since 1994.
                                 
The address of Household International, Inc. is 2700 Sanders
                                 Road, Prospect Heights, Illinois 60070.
Mr. Aldinger serves
                                 on the boards of Household International, Inc., Household
                                 Finance Company and MasterCard International.
Mr. Aldinger
                                 has served as a director of Parent since 1998.


Michael J. Birck                 Director.
Michael J. Birck, 63, has served as the Chairman
                                 of Tellabs, Inc. since September 2000.
Mr. Birck founded
                                 Tellabs and served as President and Chief Executive Officer
                                 from 1975 to September 2000.
Tellabs designs, manufactures,
                                 markets and services voice and data equipment.
The address
                                 of Tellabs is 4951 Indiana Avenue, Lisle, Illinois 60532.
                                 
Mr. Birck is a director of Molex, Inc. and Tellabs, Inc.
Mr.
                                 Birck has served as a director of Parent since 1996.


Marvin D. Brailsford             Director.
Marvin D. Brailsford, 62, has been Vice President
                                 of Kaiser-Hill Company LLC, a construction and environmental
                                 services company, since 1996.
The address of Kaiser-Hill
                                 Company LLC is Rocky Flats Environmental Site, P.O. Box
                                 464-Building 115, Golden, Colorado 80402-0464.
                                 
Mr. Brailsford retired from the United States Army with the
                                 rank of Lieutenant General after 33 years of service.
Mr.
                                 Brailsford has served as a director of Parent since 1996.


H. Richard Crowther              Director.
H. Richard Crowther, 68, was the Vice Chairman of
                                 Parent from 1990 to 1995 and Executive Vice President of
                                 Parent from 1983 through 1989.
Mr. Crowther had 36 years of
                                 service with Parent prior to his retirement.
He is a
                                 director of Actuant Corporation.
Mr. Crowther has served as
                                 a director of Parent since 1995.


Don H. Davis, Jr.                Director.
Don H. Davis, Jr., 61, has been Chairman of the
                                 Board of Rockwell International Corporation, a manufacturer
                                 of aviation electronics and automotive equipment, since 1998
                                 and Chief Executive Officer of Rockwell International
                                 Corporation since 1997.
He was President and Chief Operating
                                 Officer of Rockwell International Corporation from 1995 to
                                 1997.
The address of Rockwell International Corporation is
                                 777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1400, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
                                 53202.
He is a director of Rockwell International
                                 Corporation, Ingram Micro Inc. and Apogent Technologies Inc.
                                 Mr. Davis has served as a director of Parent since 2000.


Robert C. McCormack              Director.
Robert C. McCormack, 61, has been a Partner of
                                 Trident Capital LP, a venture capital firm, since 1993.
The
                                 address of Trident Capital, L.P. is 272 East Deerpath, Suite
                                 304, Lake Forest, Illinois 60045.
Mr. McCormack served as
                                 Assistant Secretary of the Navy from 1990 to 1993, Deputy
                                 Under Secretary of Defense from 1987 to 1990, and as
                                 Managing Director of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated, an
                                 investment bank, from 1985 to 1987.
He is a director of
                                 DeVry, Inc. and the Northern Trust Corporation and its
                                 subsidiary, The Northern Trust Company.
Mr. McCormack has
                                 served as a director of Parent since 1993.
He previously was
                                 a director of Parent from 1978 through 1987.


Harold B. Smith                  Director.
Harold B. Smith, 67, has been Chairman of the
                                 Executive Committee of Parent since 1982.
Mr. Smith is a
                                 director of W.W. Grainger Inc. and Northern Trust
                                 Corporation and its subsidiary, The Northern Trust Company.
                                 
He is a trustee of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance
                                 Company.
Mr. Smith has served as a director of Parent since
                                 1968.


Russell M. Flaum                 Executive Vice President.
Russell M. Flaum, 50, has been
                                 employed by Parent in various elected executive capacities
                                 for more than five years.


David T. Flood                   Executive Vice President.
David T. Flood, 49, was elected
                                 Executive Vice President of Parent in 2000.
He joined Parent
                                 in 1976 and has held various management positions within the
                                 polymers, fluids and machined components businesses.
                                 
Mr. Flood is a citizen of the United Kingdom.


Philip M. Gresh, Jr.             Executive Vice President.
Philip M. Gresh, Jr., 52, was
                                 elected Executive Vice President of Parent in 2000.
He
                                 joined Parent in 1989 and has held various sales, marketing
                                 and general management positions with the consumer packaging
                                 businesses.


Thomas J. Hansen                 Executive Vice President.
Thomas J. Hansen, 52, was elected
                                 Executive Vice President of Parent in 1998.
He joined Parent
                                 in 1980 and has held various management positions within
                                 Parent's automotive metal fasteners and components
                                 businesses.


Stewart S. Hudnut                Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.
                                 
Stewart S. Hudnut, 61, has been employed by Parent in
                                 various elected executive capacities for more than five
                                 years.


John Karpan                      Senior Vice President, Human Resources.
John Karpan, 60, has
                                 been employed by Parent in various elected executive
                                 capacities for more than five years.


Jon C. Kinney                    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Jon C.
                                 Kinney, 58, has been employed by Parent in various elected
                                 executive capacities for more than five years.


Dennis J. Martin                 Executive Vice President.
Dennis J. Martin, 50, was elected
                                 Executive Vice President of Parent in 1996.
He joined Parent
                                 in 1991 and has held several management positions in the
                                 welding businesses.


Frank S. Ptak                    Vice Chairman.
Frank S. Ptak, 57, has been employed by
                                 Parent in various elected executive capacities for more than
                                 five years.


James M. Ringler                 Vice Chairman.
James M. Ringler, 55, was elected Vice
                                 Chairman in 1999.
He joined Premark International in 1990
                                 where he served as President and Chief Operating Officer
                                 until May 1996.
He served as Premark International's Chief
                                 Executive Officer and President from May 1996 to October
                                 1997, after which he served as Chairman of the Board, Chief
                                 Executive Officer and President until Premark
                                 International's merger with Parent in November 1999.


David B. Speer                   Executive Vice President, David B. Speer, 49, has been
                                 employed by Parent in various elected executive capacities
                                 for more than five years.


Allan C. Sutherland              Senior Vice President.
Allan C. Sutherland, 37, was elected
                                 Senior Vice President of Parent in 1998.
He joined Parent in
                                 1993 after serving as a senior tax manager with Ernst &
                                 Young and has served Parent in various capacities, most
                                 recently as Vice President of Leasing and Investments.


Hugh J. Zentmeyer                Executive Vice President.
Hugh J. Zentmeyer, 54, has been
                                 employed by Parent in various elected executive capacities
                                 for more than five years.


2.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF SUB.

    
The following table sets forth the name and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the
past five years of each director and executive officer of Sub.
Unless otherwise
indicated below, each occupation set forth opposite each person refers to
employment with Sub.
Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each
such person is c/o Parent at Illinois Tool Works Inc. at 3600 West Lake Avenue,
Glenview, Illinois 60025 and each such person is a citizen of the United States.


DIRECTORS AND
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                    PRESENT PRINCIPAL AND FIVE-YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ------------------               ------------------------------------------------------------

Philip M. Gresh, Jr.             Director and President.
Philip M. Gresh, Jr., 52, was
                                 elected Executive Vice President of Parent in 2000.
He
                                 joined Parent in 1989 and has held various sales, marketing
                                 and general management positions with the consumer packaging
                                 businesses.


Stewart S. Hudnut                Director, Vice President and Secretary.
Stewart S. Hudnut,
                                 61, has been employed by Parent in various elected executive
                                 capacities for more than five years.


Felix L. Rodriguez, Jr.          Director, Vice President and Treasurer.
Felix L. Rodriguez,
                                 Jr., 45 joined Parent in November 2000 as Vice President and
                                 Treasurer.
From January 1996 to September 1999,
                                 Mr. Rodriguez was Assistant Treasurer of Morton
                                 International Corporation.
From June 1993 to December 1995,
                                 Mr. Rodriguez was Manager of International Finance of
                                 McDonald's Corporation.


Mark W. Croll                    Vice President.
Mark W. Croll, 48, was elected Vice
                                 President of Patents and Technology of Parent in
                                 April 2000.
Mr. Croll joined parent in January 1994.


Allan C. Sutherland              Vice President.
Allan C. Sutherland, 37, was elected Senior
                                 Vice President of Parent in 1998.
He joined Parent in 1993
                                 after serving as a senior tax manager with Ernst & Young and
                                 has served Parent in various capacities, most recently as
                                 Vice President of Leasing and Investments.


Robert V. McGrath                Vice President, Tax.
Robert C. McGrath, 61, has been Vice
                                 President, Tax of Parent for more than five years.
                                 
Mr. McGrath joined Parent in July 1976.

                                  
SCHEDULE II:
              SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW
                            DELAWARE CODE ANNOTATED
                             TITLE 8.
CORPORATIONS
                       CHAPTER 1.
GENERAL CORPORATION LAW
               SUBCHAPTER IX.
MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR CONVERSION
                          8 DEL. C. SECTION 262 (2000)

Section 262.
Appraisal rights

        (a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of
    stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of
    this section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares
    through the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise
    complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in
    favor of the merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing
    pursuant to Section 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by
    the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the stockholder's shares of stock
    under the circumstances described in subsections (b) and (c) of this
    section.
As used in this section, the word "stockholder" means a holder of
    record of stock in a stock corporation and also a member of record of a
    nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and "share" mean and include what is
    ordinarily meant by those words and also membership or membership interest
    of a member of a nonstock corporation; and the words "depository receipt"
    mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a depository representing an
    interest in one or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a
    corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

        (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
    series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to
    be effected pursuant to Section 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant
    to Section 251(g) of this title), Section 252, Section 254, Section 257,
    Section 258, Section 263 or Section 264 of this title:

           (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section
       shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which
       stock, or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date
       fixed to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to
       vote at the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger
       or consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities
       exchange or designated as a national market system security on an
       interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
       Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and
       further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any
       shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a merger if the
       merger did not require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of
       the surviving corporation as provided in subsection (f) of Section 251 of
       this title.

           
(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal
       rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any class
       or series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof
       are required by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation
       pursuant to Sections 251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title
       to accept for such stock anything except:

           a.  Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
               such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect
               thereof;

           b.  Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts
               in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts
               in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date
               of the merger or consolidation will be either listed on a
               national securities exchange or designated as a national market
               system security on an

               interdealer quotation system by the National Association of
               Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000
               holders;

           c.  Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
               receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of
               this paragraph; or

           d.  
Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and
               cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
               receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c.
               of this paragraph.

           
(3)
In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware
       corporation party to a merger effected under Section 253 of this title is
       not owned by the parent corporation immediately prior to the merger,
       appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary
       Delaware corporation.

        
(c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
    appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
    class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate
    of incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
    constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the
    assets of the corporation.
If the certificate of incorporation contains such
    a provision, the procedures of this section, including those set forth in
    subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is
    practicable.

        (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

           (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights
       are provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a
       meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to
       the meeting, shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the
       record date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
       rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) hereof that
       appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the
       constituent corporations, and shall include in such notice a copy of this
       section.
Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such
       stockholder's shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking
       of the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for
       appraisal of such stockholder's shares.
Such demand will be sufficient if
       it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder
       and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such
       stockholder's shares.
A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation
       shall not constitute such a demand.
A stockholder electing to take such
       action must do so by a separate written demand as herein provided.
Within
       10 days after the effective date of such merger or consolidation, the
       surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each
       constituent corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not
       voted in favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of the date
       that the merger or consolidation has become effective; or

           (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to Section
       228 or Section 253 of this title, each constituent corporation, either
       before the effective date of the merger or consolidation or within ten
       days thereafter, shall notify each of the holders of any class or series
       of stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal
       rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal
       rights are available for any or all shares of such class or series of
       stock of such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a
       copy of this section; provided that, if the notice is given on or after
       the effective date of the merger or consolidation, such notice shall be
       given by the surviving or resulting corporation to all such holders of
       any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation that are
       entitled to appraisal rights.
Such notice may, and, if given on or after
       the effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify
       such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation.
       
Any stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after
       the date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving
       or resulting corporation the appraisal of such holder's shares.
Such
       demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the

       corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder
       intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such holder's shares.
If such
       notice did not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
       consolidation, either (i) each such constituent corporation shall send a
       second notice before the effective date of the merger or consolidation
       notifying each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such
       constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights of the
       effective date of the merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or
       resulting corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders
       on or within 10 days after such effective date; provided, however, that
       if such second notice is sent more than 20 days following the sending of
       the first notice, such second notice need only be sent to each
       stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded
       appraisal of such holder's shares in accordance with this subsection.
An
       affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the transfer
       agent of the corporation that is required to give either notice that such
       notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie
       evidence of the facts stated therein.
For purposes of determining the
       stockholders entitled to receive either notice, each constituent
       corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be not more
       than 10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided, that if the
       notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or
       consolidation, the record date shall be such effective date.
If no record
       date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the
       record date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the
       day on which the notice is given.

        
(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who
    has complied with subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise
    entitled to appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery
    demanding a determination of the value of the stock of all such
    stockholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days
    after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder
    shall have the right to withdraw such stockholder's demand for appraisal and
    to accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation.
Within
    120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any
    stockholder who has complied with the requirements of subsections (a) and
    (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to receive from the
    corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the consolidation a
    statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of
    the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands for appraisal
    have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares.
Such
    written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after
    such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received by the
    surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the
    period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof,
    whichever is later.

        
(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a
    copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation,
    which shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the
    Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list
    containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded
    payment for their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their
    shares have not been reached by the surviving or resulting corporation.
If
    the petition shall be filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the
    petition shall be accompanied by such a duly verified list.
The Register in
    Chancery, if so ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and
    place fixed for the hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail
    to the surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on
    the list at the addresses therein stated.
Such notice shall also be given by
    1 or more publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a
    newspaper of general circulation published in the City of Wilmington,
    Delaware or such publication as the Court deems advisable.
The forms of the
    notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the Court, and the
    costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

        
(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
    stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become
    entitled to appraisal rights.
The Court may

    require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares and
    who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their certificates of
    stock to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of
    the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply with such
    direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to such stockholder.

        
(h)
After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the
    Court shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of
    any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
    merger or consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to
    be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
In determining such
    fair value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors.
In
    determining the fair rate of interest, the Court may consider all relevant
    factors, including the rate of interest which the surviving or resulting
    corporation would have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the
    proceeding.
Upon application by the surviving or resulting corporation or by
    any stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the
    Court may, in its discretion, permit discovery or other pretrial proceedings
    and may proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination
    of the stockholder entitled to an appraisal.
Any stockholder whose name
    appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant
    to subsection (f) of this section and who has submitted such stockholder's
    certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may
    participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally determined that
    such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

        
(i)
The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
    together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to
    the stockholders entitled thereto.
Interest may be simple or compound, as
    the Court may direct.
Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in
    the case of holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of
    holders of shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the
    corporation of the certificates representing such stock.
The Court's decree
    may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced,
    whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a corporation of this
    State or of any state.

        
(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed
    upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances.
Upon
    application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
    expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
    proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and
    the fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value
    of all the shares entitled to an appraisal.

        
(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
    stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection
    (d) of this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or
    to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except
    dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date
    which is prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation);
    provided, however, that if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed
    within the time provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such
    stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting corporation a
    written withdrawal of such stockholder's demand for an appraisal and an
    acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either within 60 days after the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in subsection
    (e) of this section or thereafter with the written approval of the
    corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal shall cease.
    
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court of
    Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of
    the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court
    deems just.

        
(l)
The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the
    shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they
    assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized
    and unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

    
The Letter of Transmittal, Share Certificates and any other required
documents should be sent by each stockholder or such stockholder's broker,
dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary at one
of the addresses set forth below:

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY
                      FACSIMILE COPY NUMBER: 718-234-5001
                       CONFIRM BY TELEPHONE: 718-921-8200

              BY FIRST CLASS MAIL, BY OVERNIGHT COURIER, BY HAND:
                   American Stock Transfer and Trust Company
                                 59 Maiden Lane
                               New York, NY 10038

    Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at the address and telephone numbers as set forth below.
Additional copies
of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, or other related tender
offer materials may be obtained from the Information Agent or from brokers,
dealers, commercial banks or trust companies.

                    
The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                        
[MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC. LOGO]

                                156 Fifth Avenue
                            New York, New York 10010
                         (212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)
                      E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
                                       or
                         CALL TOLL FREE (800) 322-2885

EX-99.(A)(1)(II)

a2045960zex-99_a1ii.txt

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                                                              EXHIBIT (A)(1)(II)

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF
                                 FOILMARK, INC.
                                       AT
                              $6.36 NET PER SHARE
                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                              DATED APRIL 20, 2001
                                       OF
                            DUDLEY ACQUISITION
INC.,

                          A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF
                            ILLINOIS
TOOL WORKS INC.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
         TIME, ON THURSDAY, MAY 17, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER IS:
                    
AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY
                      FACSIMILE COPY NUMBER: 718-234-5001
                       CONFIRM BY TELEPHONE: 718-921-8200

              BY FIRST CLASS MAIL, BY OVERNIGHT COURIER, BY HAND:
                   American Stock Transfer and Trust Company
                                 59 Maiden Lane
                               New York, NY 10038

DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH
ABOVE, OR TRANSMISSIONS OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE NUMBER OTHER THAN AS SET
FORTH ABOVE, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.
THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING
THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.
YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE
APPROPRIATE SPACE PROVIDED THEREFOR, WITH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE IF REQUIRED, AND
COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW.
SEE INSTRUCTION 9.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                          DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDERS(S) (PLEASE FILL IN, IF      CERTIFICATE(S) (ATTACH ADDITIONAL LIST IF NECESSARY).
       
BLANK, EXACTLY AS NAME(S) APPEAR(S) ON CERTIFICATES(S)                              SEE INSTRUCTION 3.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                             TOTAL NUMBER OF
                                                                                           SHARESRREPRESENTED    NUMBER OF SHARES
                                                                                            BY CERTIFICATE(S)       TENDERED**
                                                                      -------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                      ------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                      ------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                      ------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                      ------------------------------------------------------------

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        TOTAL NUMBER OF
                                                                            SHARES
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 * Need not be completed by stockholder delivering by book-entry transfer.

**
Unless otherwise indicated it will be assumed that all shares evidenced by any certificates delivered to the Depositary are
   being tendered.
See Instruction 4.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by Stockholders.
Certificates
(as defined below) are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an Agent's Message
(as defined in the Offer to Purchase, as referred to below) is utilized, if
tenders of Shares (as defined below) are to be made by book-entry transfer into
the account of American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Depositary (the
"Depositary"), at the Depositary Trust Company (the "Book- Entry Transfer
Facility") pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to
Purchase.
Stockholders who tender their shares by book-entry transfer are
referred to herein as "Book-Entry Stockholders."
Stockholders whose Certificates
are not immediately available or who cannot deliver their Certificates and all
other required documents to the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date
(as defined in the Offer to Purchase), or who cannot complete the procedure for
book-entry transfer on a timely basis, must tender their shares according to the
guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

See Instruction 2.
Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

                          SPECIAL TENDER INSTRUCTIONS

  /
/  CHECK HERE
IF SHARES ARE BEING TENDERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER MADE TO
       AN ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
       FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE
       BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY
       TRANSFER):

       Name of Tendering Institution:
     -----------------------------------------------------------------------

       Account Number:
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------

       Transaction Code Number:
      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

  / /  CHECK HERE
IF SHARES ARE BEING TENDERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF
       GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE
       FOLLOWING (please enclose a photocopy of such notice of guaranteed
       delivery):

       Name(s) of Registered Owner(s):
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------

       Window Ticket Number (if any):
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------

       Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
     
---------------------------------------------------

       Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery:
     ---------------------------------------------------------

       Account Number:
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Transaction Code Number:
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED ON PAGE 5
              PLEASE READ THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY

Ladies and Gentlemen:

    The undersigned hereby tenders to Dudley Acquisition Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Illinois Tool Works Inc., a
Delaware corporation, the above described shares of common stock, par value $.01
per share (the "Shares" and the certificates representing such shares, the
"Certificates") of the Company, at a price of $6.36 per Share, net to the seller
in cash, less any required withholding of taxes and without the payment of
interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to
Purchase, dated April 20, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, and in this Letter of Transmittal (the "Letter of
Transmittal," which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as each may be amended
or supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the "Offer").

    
Subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of the Shares
tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, Sub all right,
title and interest in and to all of the Shares that are being tendered hereby,
and irrevocably appoints the Depositary the true and lawful agent,
attorney-in-fact and proxy of the undersigned with respect to such Shares, with
full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an
irrevocable power coupled with an interest) to (a) deliver such Certificates or
transfer ownership of such Shares on the account books maintained by the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together, in either case, with appropriate
evidences of transfer, to the Depositary for the account of Sub, (b) present
such Shares for transfer on the books of the Company, and (c) receive all
benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such
Shares, all in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the
Offer.

    
The undersigned irrevocably appoints designees of Sub as such undersigned's
agents, attorneys-in-fact and proxies, with full power of substitution, to the
full extent of the undersigned's rights with respect to the Shares tendered by
the undersigned and accepted for payment by Sub.
All such powers of attorney and
proxies shall be considered irrevocable and coupled with an interest.
Such
appointment will be effective when, and only to the extent that, Sub accepts
such Shares for payment.
Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior powers of
attorney, proxies and consents given by the undersigned with respect to such
Shares will be revoked without further action, and no subsequent powers of
attorney and proxies may be given nor any subsequent written consents executed
(and, if given or executed, will not be deemed effective).
The designees of Sub
will, with respect to the Shares for which such appointment is effective, be
empowered to exercise all voting and other rights of the undersigned as they in
their sole discretion may deem proper at any annual or special meeting of
Company stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof, by written
consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise.
Sub reserves the right to
require that, in order for the Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately
upon Sub's acceptance of such Shares, Sub must be able to exercise full voting
rights with respect to such Shares, including, without limitation, voting at any
meeting of stockholders.

    
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that (a) the undersigned has
full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the undersigned's
Shares tendered hereby, and (b) when the Shares are accepted for payment by Sub,
Sub will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title to the Shares, free and
clear of all liens, restrictions, charges and encumbrances, and the same will
not be subject to any adverse claim and will not have been transferred to Sub in
violation of any contractual or other restriction on the transfer thereof.
The
undersigned, upon request, will execute and deliver any additional documents
deemed by the Depositary or Sub to be necessary or desirable to complete the
sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares tendered hereby.

    
All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred shall not be
affected by and shall survive the death or incapacity of the undersigned and any
obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding upon the heirs,
personal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.

    
Tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except that
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time prior to the
Expiration Date, and, unless theretofore accepted for payment by the Sub
pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after June 19, 2001.

See Section 4 of the Offer to Purchase.

    
The undersigned understands that tenders of Shares pursuant to any of the
procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in the
instructions hereto will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned
and Sub upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer,
including the undersigned's representation that the undersigned owns the Shares
being tendered.

    
Unless otherwise indicated herein under "Special Payment Instructions,"
please issue the check for the purchase price and/or issue or return any
Certificate(s) not tendered or not accepted for payment in the name(s) of the
registered holder(s) appearing under "Description of Shares."
Similarly, unless
otherwise indicated herein under

"Special Delivery Instructions," please mail the check for the purchase price
and/or any Certificate(s) not tendered or not accepted for payment (and
accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered
holder(s) appearing under "Description of Shares Tendered."
In the event that
both the "Special Delivery Instructions" and the "Special Payment Instructions"
are completed, please issue the check for the purchase price and/or any
Certificate(s) not tendered or accepted for payment in the name of, and deliver
such check and/or such Certificates to, the person or persons so indicated.

Unless otherwise indicated herein under "Special Payment Instructions," please
credit any Shares tendered herewith by book-entry transfer that are not accepted
for payment by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
designated above.
The undersigned recognizes that Sub has no obligation,
pursuant to the Special Payment Instructions, to transfer any Shares from the
name(s) of the registered holder(s) thereof if Sub does not accept for payment
any of the Shares so tendered.

/ /  CHECK HERE
IF ANY CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE BEEN
    LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED AND SEE INSTRUCTION 11.

NUMBER OF SHARES REPRESENTED BY LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES:
- ------------------------------------

* YOU MUST CONTACT THE TRANSFER AGENT TO HAVE ALL LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED
CERTIFICATES REPLACED IF YOU WANT TO TENDER SUCH SHARES.
SEE INSTRUCTION 11 OF
THE ATTACHED INSTRUCTIONS FOR CONTACT INFORMATION FOR THE TRANSFER AGENT.

- ------------------------------------------------

                          SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

      To be completed ONLY if Certificate(s) not tendered and/or the check for
  the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment are to be issued in the
  name of someone other than the undersigned or if Shares tendered by
  book-entry transfer that are not accepted for payment are to be returned by
  credit to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility other
  than that designated above.

  
Issue  / /
Check

        / / Certificate(s) to:

  Name: ______________________________________________________________________
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)
  
Address: ___________________________________________________________________

  ____________________________________________________________________________

  ____________________________________________________________________________
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

   __________________________________________________________________________
                  (TAX IDENTIFICATION OR SOCIAL SECURITY NO.)
                   (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 INCLUDED HEREIN)

  / /  Credit Shares tendered by book-entry transfer that are not accepted for
  payment to Depositary to the account set forth below:

  ____________________________________________________________________________

  ____________________________________________________________________________
                          (DEPOSITARY ACCOUNT NUMBER)

- -----------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------

                         SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

      To be completed ONLY if Certificate(s) not tendered or not accepted for
  payment and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for
  payment are to be issued in the name and someone other than the undersigned
  or to the undersigned at an address other than that shown above.

  
Issue  / /
Check

        / / Certificate(s) to:

  Name: ______________________________________________________________________
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

  Address: ___________________________________________________________________

  ____________________________________________________________________________

  ____________________________________________________________________________
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

   __________________________________________________________________________
                  (TAX IDENTIFICATION OR SOCIAL SECURITY NO.)
                   (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 INCLUDED HEREIN)

- -----------------------------------------------------

                                   SIGN HERE
                 AND COMPLETE ACCOMPANYING SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

                           Signature(s) of Holder(s)
                       (See guarantee requirement below)

  Dated:
  ----------------------------------------, 2001

      (Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on
  the Certificate(s).
If signed by person(s) to whom the Shares represented
  hereby have been assigned or transferred as evidenced by endorsement or
  stock powers transmitted herewith, the signatures must be guaranteed.
If
  signature is by an officer on behalf of a corporation or by an executor,
  administrator, trustee, guardian, attorney, agent or any other person acting
  in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please provide the following
  information.
See Instructions 1, 2, 3 and 5.)

  Name(s):
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

  Capacity (full title):
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Address:
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   (ZIP CODE)

  Area Code and Telephone Number:
  -------------------------------------------------------------------

  Tax Identification or Social Security Number:
  
-----------------------------------------------------------

                           GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                         (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 2 AND 5)

  Authorized Signature:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Name:
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

  Capacity (full title):
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Name of Firm:
  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Address:
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   (ZIP CODE)

  Area Code and Telephone Number:
  -------------------------------------------------------------------

  Dated:
  ----------------------------------------, 2001

                                  INSTRUCTIONS
             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

    1.  
GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURES.  
No signature guarantee is required on this
Letter of Transmittal if: (a) this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder(s) of the Shares (which term, for purposes of this document,
shall include any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name
appears on a security position listing as the owner of the shares) tendered
herewith, unless such holder(s) has completed either the box entitled "Special
Payment Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions," or
(b) such Shares are tendered for the account of a firm which is a bank, broker,
dealer, credit union, savings association or other entity which is a member in
good standing of a recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities
Transfer Association Inc., including the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion
Program, the Stock Exchange Medallion Program and the New York Stock Exchange
Medallion Signature Program, or any other "eligible guarantor institution" (as
defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
(each of the
foregoing, an "Eligible Institution"').
In all other cases, all signatures on
this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.
See
Instruction 5 of this Letter of Transmittal.

    
2.  REQUIREMENTS OF TENDER.  
This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed
by stockholders either if Certificates are to be forwarded herewith or, unless
an Agent's Message is utilized, if tenders are to be made pursuant to the
procedure for tender by book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 of the Offer
to Purchase.
Certificates evidencing tendered Shares, or timely confirmation (a
"Book-Entry Confirmation") of a book-entry transfer of Shares into the
Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, as well as this Letter
of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, with any required
signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in connection with a book-entry
transfer, and any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, must
be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth herein on or
prior to the Expiration Date.
Stockholders whose Certificates are not
immediately available or who cannot deliver their Certificates and all other
required documents to the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date or who
cannot complete the procedure for delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely
basis may tender their Shares by properly completing and duly executing a Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth
in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.
Pursuant to such procedure: (a) such
tender must be made by or through an Eligible Institution; (b) a properly
completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the
form made available by Sub, must be received by the Depositary on or prior to
the Expiration Date; and (c) the Certificates (or a Book-Entry Confirmation)
representing all tendered Shares in proper form for transfer, in each case,
together with this Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed,
with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry
delivery, an Agent's Message) and any other documents required by this Letter of
Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary within three National
Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System trading days after
the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
If Certificates are
forwarded separately in multiple deliveries to the Depositary, a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal must accompany each such
delivery.

    
THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, CERTIFICATES AND ALL
OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
FACILITY, IS AT THE OPTION
AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER, AND THE
DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY
(INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY BOOK- ENTRY CONFIRMATION).
IF
DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT
REQUESTED AND PROPERLY
INSURED IS RECOMMENDED.
IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO
ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.
NO ALTERNATIVE, CONDITIONAL OR CONTINGENT TENDERS WILL
BE ACCEPTED AND NO FRACTIONAL SHARES WILL BE PURCHASED.
ALL TENDERING
STOCKHOLDERS, BY EXECUTION OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A FACSIMILE HEREOF
IF BY AN ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION), WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO RECEIVE ANY NOTICE OF THE
ACCEPTANCE OF THEIR SHARES FOR PAYMENT.

    
3.  INADEQUATE SPACE.  
If the space provided herein is inadequate, the
Certificate numbers and/or the number of Shares and any other required
information should be listed on a separate signed schedule attached hereto.

    
4.  PARTIAL TENDERS (NOT APPLICABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS WHO TENDER BY BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER).  
If fewer than all the Shares evidenced by any Certificate submitted
are to be tendered, fill in the number of Shares which are to be tendered in the
box entitled "Number of Shares Tendered" in the "Description of Shares
Tendered."
In such cases, new Certificates for the Shares that were evidenced by
your old Certificates, but were not tendered by you, will be sent to you, unless
otherwise provided in the appropriate box on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon
as practicable after the Expiration Date.
All Shares represented by Certificates
delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless
otherwise indicated.

    
5.  
SIGNATURES ON LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, STOCK POWERS AND ENDORSEMENTS.  
If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares
tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on
the face of the Certificate(s) without alteration, enlargement or any change
whatsoever.

    
If any of the Shares tendered hereby are owned of record by two or more
joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal.
If any of
the tendered Shares are registered in different names on several Certificates,
it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate Letters of
Transmittal as there are different registrations of Certificates.

    
If this Letter of Transmittal or any Certificates or stock powers are signed
by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers
of corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, such
persons should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to Sub
of their authority so to act must be submitted.

    
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Shares listed and transmitted hereby, no endorsements of Certificates or
separate stock powers are required unless payment is to be made to, or
Certificates for Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be issued in the
name of, a person other than the registered holder(s).
In such latter case,
signatures on such Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution.

    
If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Certificate(s) listed, the Certificate(s) must be
endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed
exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear on the Certificate(s).

Signatures on such Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution.

    
6.  
STOCK TRANSFER TAXES.  
Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction
6, Sub will pay any stock transfer taxes with respect to the transfer and sale
of Shares to it or its order pursuant to the Offer.
If, however, payment is to
be made to, or if Certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment
are to be registered in the name of, any person other than the registered
holder(s), or if tendered Certificates are registered in the name of any person
other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any
stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered holder(s) or such
person) payable on account of the transfer to such person will be deducted from
the purchase price, unless satisfactory evidence of the payment of such taxes or
an exemption therefrom is submitted.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to
the Certificate(s) listed in this Letter of Transmittal.

    
7.  SPECIAL PAYMENT AND DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS.  
If a check is to be issued
in the name of, and/or Certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted for
payment are to be issued or returned to, a person other than the signer of this
Letter of Transmittal or if a check and/or such Certificates are to be returned
to a person other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal or to an
address other than that shown in this Letter of Transmittal, the appropriate
boxes on this Letter of Transmittal must be completed.
A Book-Entry Stockholder
may request that Shares not accepted for payment be credited to such account
maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as such Book-Entry Stockholder
may designate under "Special Payment Instructions."
If no such instructions are
given, such shares not accepted for payment will be returned by crediting the
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above.

    
8.  WAIVER OF CONDITIONS.  
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), the conditions of the Offer may
be waived by Sub in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in its
sole discretion.

    
9.  31% BACKUP WITHHOLDING; SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9.  
Under U.S. federal income
tax law, a stockholder whose tendered Shares are accepted for payment pursuant
to the Offer may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 31%.
To prevent
backup withholding on any payment made to a stockholder pursuant to the Offer,
the stockholder who is a U.S. person is required to notify the Depositary of
such stockholder's current taxpayer identification number ("TIN") by completing
the enclosed Substitute Form W-9, certifying that the TIN provided on that form
is correct (or that such stockholder is awaiting a TIN), and that (i) such
stockholder has not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that such
stockholder is subject to backup withholding as a result of failure to report
all interest or dividends or (ii) after being so notified, the Internal Revenue
Service has notified such stockholder that the stockholder is no longer subject
to backup withholding.
If the Depositary is not provided with the correct TIN,
such stockholder may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue
Service and payments that are made to such stockholder with respect to shares
pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup withholding (see below).

    
Each stockholder who is a U.S. person is required to give the Depositary the
TIN (e.g., Social Security number or employer identification number) of the
record holder of the Shares.
If the Shares are registered in more than one name
or are not registered in the name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed
"Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9" for additional guidance on which number to report.
A stockholder who
is a U.S. person who does not have a TIN may check the box in Part 3 of the
Substitute Form W-9 if

such stockholder has applied for a number or intends to apply for a TIN in the
near future.
If the box in Part 3 is checked, such stockholder must also
complete the "Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number" below in
order to avoid backup withholding.
If the box is checked, payments made will be
subject to backup withholding unless such stockholder has furnished the
Depositary with his or her TIN by the time payment is made.
A stockholder who
checks the box in Part 3 in lieu of furnishing such stockholder's TIN should
furnish the Depositary with such stockholder's TIN as soon as it is received.

    
Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding requirements.

To avoid possible erroneous backup withholding, a stockholder who is a U.S.
person and who is exempt from backup withholding should complete the Substitute
Form W-9 by providing his or her correct TIN, signing and dating the form, and
writing exempt on the face of the form.
A stockholder who is a foreign
individual or a foreign entity should submit to the Depositary a properly
completed Form W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for
United States Tax Withholding, instead of Form W-9, signed under penalty of
perjury, attesting to the stockholder's exempt status.
Stockholders are urged to
consult their own tax advisors to determine whether they are exempt from these
backup withholding and reporting requirements.

    
If backup withholding applies, the Depositary is required to withhold 31% of
any payments to be made to the stockholder.
Backup withholding is not an
additional tax.
Rather, the tax liability of persons subject to backup
withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld.
If withholding
results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained by filing a tax
return with the Internal Revenue Service.
The Depositary cannot refund amounts
withheld by reason of backup withholding.

    
10.  REQUESTS FOR ASSISTANCE OR ADDITIONAL COPIES.  
Questions or requests
for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at the address and
telephone numbers set forth below.
Additional copies of the Offer to Purchase,
this Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery also may be
obtained from the Information Agent or from brokers, dealers, commercial banks
or trust companies.

    11.  
LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES.  
If any Certificate has been
lost, stolen or destroyed, the stockholder should promptly notify the Transfer
Agent at (800) 322-2885.
The stockholder then will be instructed as to the steps
that must be taken in order to replace the Certificate.
This Letter of
Transmittal and related documents cannot be processed until the procedures for
replacing lost or destroyed Certificates have been followed.

    
IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, TOGETHER WITH CERTIFICATES OR
CONFIRMATION OF BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER OR THE NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY, AND
ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY ON OR PRIOR TO
THE EXPIRATION DATE.

    
Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at the address and telephone numbers set forth below.
Additional copies of
the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal or other related tender offer
materials may be obtained from the Information Agent or from brokers, dealers,
commercial banks or trust companies.

                    
The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                        
[MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC. LOGO]

                                156 Fifth Avenue
                            New York, New York 10010
                         (212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)
                      E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

                                       or

                         CALL TOLL FREE (800) 322-2885

                                                   SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

                                                DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
                                                 INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE

                                 PAYER'S REQUEST FOR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (TIN)
          PART 1 -- TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (TIN)                                              PART 3 -- AWAITING
                                                                                                      TIN / /

Enter your TIN in the appropriate box.
For individuals,
this is your social security number (SSN).
However,
if you are a resident alien, sole proprietor or                    Social security number
disregarded entity, see the Instructions to Form W-9.

For other entities, it is your employer identification
number (EIN).
If you do not have a number, see                               OR                       FOR U.S. PAYEES
                                                                                                      EXEMPT FROM BACKUP
Obtaining a Number in the Guidelines.                          
Employer identification number         WITHHOLDING (SEE THE
                                                                                                      GUIDELINES).

NOTE:
IF THE ACCOUNT IS IN MORE THAN ONE NAME, SEE THE CHART                                          >
ON WHOSE NUMBER TO ENTER.

           
PART 2 -- CERTIFICATION
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:

1.
The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be
   issued to me),

2.
I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been
   notified by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to
   report all interests or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup
   withholding, and


3.
I am a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien).


CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS.
-- You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are
currently subject to backup withholding because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax
return.
For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply.
For mortgage interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of
secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and generally,
payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the Certification, but you must provide your
correct TIN.
(See the Guidelines.)

SIGN HERE  SIGNATURE OF U.S. PERSON >                                    DATE >

NOTE:  FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN
       BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF 31% OF ANY PAYMENTS OF CASH MADE TO
       YOU.
PLEASE REVIEW
THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION
       OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR
       ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

       
YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU CHECKED
       THE AWAITING FOR TIN BOX ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9.

             CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

       I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification
  number has not been issued to me, and either (1) I have mailed or delivered
   an application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the
   appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security
   Administration Office or (2) I intend to mail or deliver an application in
   the near future.
I understand that if I do not provide a taxpayer
   identification number by the time of payment, 31% of all reportable
   payments made to me will be withheld, but that such amounts will be
   refunded to me if I then provide a Taxpayer Identification Number within
   sixty (60) days.

- -----------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------------
                         SIGNATURE                                              DATE

EX-99.(A)(1)(III)

a2045960zex-99_a1iii.txt

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DEL.

                                                             Exhibit (a)(1)(iii)

                         NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY
                   (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEES)
                                      
FOR
                        TENDER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF
                                 FOILMARK, INC.
                                       
AT
                                $6.36 PER SHARE
                                       TO
                            DUDLEY ACQUISITION
INC.
                          A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF
                            ILLINOIS
TOOL WORKS INC.

    This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or one substantially equivalent hereto
must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates (the
"Certificates") representing shares ("Shares") of common stock, par value $.01
per share, of Foilmark, Inc. are not immediately available or time will not
permit the Certificates and all required documents to reach the Depositary (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) on or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined
in the Offer to Purchase) or if the procedures for delivery by book-entry
transfer, as set forth in the Offer to Purchase, cannot be completed on a timely
basis.
This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or
transmitted by facsimile transmission or mailed to the Depositary.
See Section 3
of the Offer to Purchase.

                        