URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/200406/000095012301501039/0000950123-01-501039.txt

THE MERGER

BACKGROUND TO THE MERGER

     During the spring of 2000, representatives of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson
discussed from time to time ways in which the companies could cooperate,
including by means of a potential business combination.
A confidentiality
agreement was executed on May 18, 2000 in connection with these discussions.
The
companies terminated the discussions before reaching any agreement as to the
price or structure of a potential business combination.
Following the
termination of discussions in June 2000, Johnson & Johnson destroyed all
information it had received from ALZA under the confidentiality agreement.

     
On December 11, 2000, Mr. William Weldon, Johnson & Johnson's Vice Chairman
(who at the time of the meeting was Johnson & Johnson's Worldwide Chairman,
Pharmaceuticals Group), met with Dr. Ernest Mario, ALZA's Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, and discussed various matters concerning the ongoing
product-related relationships between the companies.
The meeting included a
general discussion regarding exploration of a possible broader relationship
between the companies, including the possibility of a potential business
combination.

     
On January 16, 2001, business development executives of ALZA and Johnson &
Johnson met to review current information regarding ALZA's business and
financial status.

     
On February 20, 2001, Mr. Weldon met Dr. Mario.
They discussed the
possibility of a business combination between ALZA and Johnson & Johnson and the
potential strategic, commercial and financial benefits of such a transaction.

     
Following the February 20, 2001 meeting, Dr. Mario conferred with members
of the ALZA board of directors and several members of the ALZA management
regarding the potential benefits of a business combination.

     
On February 23, 2001, ALZA provided to Johnson & Johnson a mutual
confidentiality and standstill agreement, which the two companies signed on
February 27, 2001.

     
Thereafter, the ALZA senior management retained JPMorgan, a division of
Chase Securities Inc., and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated to
provide financial advisory services to ALZA regarding the proposed business
combination with Johnson & Johnson.
The ALZA senior management also engaged
Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP, as counsel, to represent ALZA in the
proposed business combination.

     
On March 1, 2001, members of the ALZA senior management and Johnson &
Johnson each began their due diligence reviews of the other's business.

     
At a meeting of the ALZA board of directors held on March 5, 2001, JPMorgan
and Merrill Lynch reviewed with the ALZA board of directors selected publicly
available business and financial information concerning Johnson & Johnson, its
products and stock performance, and a potential business combination between
Johnson & Johnson and ALZA.

     
On March 6, 2001, a draft merger agreement and stock option agreement were
circulated to senior management and the advisors of each company.
Thereafter,
the management and advisors of each company reviewed and negotiated the legal
and economic terms of the merger agreement and the stock option agreement.

     
On March 14, 2001, Mr. Weldon and Dr. Mario met to review business and
organizational issues relating to the potential business combination.

     
At a meeting of the ALZA board of directors held on March 15, 2001, the
ALZA senior management made presentations regarding the proposed business
combination and the status of the negotiations and discussions about the merger
agreement.
ALZAs' financial, legal and accounting advisors also participated in
the meeting.
After discussion, the ALZA board of directors directed the ALZA

management and advisors to continue negotiations with Johnson & Johnson.
Further
negotiations occurred on March 15 and 16, 2001.

     
On March 16, 2001, Johnson & Johnson and ALZA failed to reach an agreement
on an exchange ratio, and merger discussions were suspended.

     
On March 20, 2001, Mr. Weldon and Dr. Mario reinitiated discussions
regarding the proposed business combination, including the proposed exchange
ratio and other terms of a business combination of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA.

From March 23, 2001 through March 26, 2001, representatives of ALZA and Johnson
& Johnson held discussions and negotiations regarding the terms of the proposed
business combination, the merger agreement and the stock option agreement.

     
At a meeting of the ALZA board of directors held on March 25, 2001, the
ALZA senior management made further presentations regarding the status of the
discussions and negotiations about the merger agreement.
At the same meeting,
JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch reviewed with the ALZA board of directors various
financial analyses of the proposed business combination, including implied
exchange ratios under various valuation methodologies.
Heller Ehrman White &
McAuliffe LLP updated the ALZA board of directors regarding changes to the draft
merger agreement and the status of negotiations.
Ernst & Young LLP also
participated in the meeting.
After discussion, the ALZA board of directors
directed the ALZA management and advisors to continue negotiations with Johnson
& Johnson.

     
At a meeting of the ALZA board of directors held on March 26, 2001, the
ALZA senior management made further presentations regarding the status of the
discussions and negotiations about the merger agreement, including the proposed
exchange ratio.
At that meeting, JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch delivered their
respective opinions to the ALZA board of directors to the effect that the
proposed exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to ALZA
stockholders.
After further review and discussion, the ALZA board of directors
approved, with one director absent, the merger agreement and declared its
advisability, approved the stock option agreement and authorized management to
execute and deliver to Johnson & Johnson the merger agreement and the stock
option agreement.
Concurrently, the Johnson & Johnson board of directors held a
meeting at which the Johnson & Johnson board of directors considered the merger
and authorized the execution and delivery of the merger agreement and the stock
option agreement.

     
The definitive merger agreement and stock option agreement were executed on
behalf of ALZA, Johnson & Johnson and Express Merger Sub on March 26, 2001, and
on March 27, 2001 the parties issued a joint press release announcing the
signing of the merger agreement.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF THE ALZA BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     REASONS FOR THE MERGER.  
In the course of reaching its decision to approve
the merger agreement, the ALZA board of directors considered and reviewed with
the ALZA senior management and outside advisors a number of factors relevant to
the merger, including ALZA's strategic business plans, its commercial
operations, its financial position and potential for growth in revenues and
earnings, its products and research and development portfolio and its commercial
operations.

     
The ALZA board of directors also considered, among other matters:

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that the combination of the businesses
       of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson will result in a combined organization with
       greater financial, technical and other resources than ALZA could provide
       as a stand-alone entity, and will allow for a significant acceleration in
       the commercial success of ALZA products and technologies

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that Johnson & Johnson will provide
       greater resources and opportunities for ALZA technology and product
       development programs, including the potential application of ALZA drug
       delivery technologies to a large portfolio of existing products and
       pharmaceutical compounds resulting from Johnson & Johnson's research
       efforts

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that the products marketed by ALZA are
       complementary with Johnson & Johnson's therapeutic areas of focus,
       including women's health, urology, central nervous system conditions,
       pain management and oncology, and that the combined organization will be
       able to increase sales of ALZA products in those areas more rapidly than
       ALZA as a stand-alone entity

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that Johnson & Johnson's strong
       international commercial presence and strengths in worldwide product
       registration, marketing and distribution will complement the capabilities
       of ALZA and will accelerate the introduction and growth of ALZA products
       in international markets

     - the ALZA board of directors' assessment of the existing relationships
       between ALZA and Johnson & Johnson, its assessment of the complementary
       strengths of each of the companies, the compatibility of corporate
       cultures and the historical success of Johnson & Johnson in incorporating
       acquired companies into a decentralized corporate organization

     - the ALZA board of directors' view that as a result of the merger, the
       ALZA stockholders will hold interests in a more diversified entity, with
       business and revenues not only from a large, diverse pharmaceutical
       products business, but also from medical devices and consumer products
       businesses

     - the ALZA board of directors' assessment of ALZA's strategic alternatives
       and its view that the merger presented more attractive opportunities than
       remaining as an independent company or attempting to increase ALZA's
       business by acquiring other companies

     - information regarding historical market prices and other information with
       respect to ALZA common stock, and the financial performance and
       condition, assets, liabilities, business operations and prospects of each
       of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA and their projected future values and
       prospects as separate entities and on a combined basis

     - the presentations delivered by JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch, and the
       written opinions of JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch, to the ALZA board of
       directors to the effect that as of the date of the opinions and based on
       and subject to the matters set forth in their respective opinions, the
       exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to ALZA
       stockholders

     - the ALZA board of directors' assessment of the value of shares of Johnson
       & Johnson common stock to be received by ALZA stockholders in the merger
       and the premium represented thereby over various historical prices for
       ALZA common stock

     - a comparison of selected recent acquisition and merger transactions in
       the industry as well as the trading performance for comparable companies
       in the industry

     - the ALZA board of directors' belief that the terms of the merger
       agreement, including the parties' mutual representations, warranties and
       covenants, are reasonable

     - the expected tax and accounting treatment of the merger and

     - reports from the ALZA management and advisors as to the results of their
       review of Johnson & Johnson's business.

     
The ALZA board of directors also considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including, but not
limited to:

     - the risk that the benefits sought to be achieved in the merger will not
       be achieved

     - the fixed nature of the exchange ratio and the resulting risk that,
       should there be a decrease in the market value of Johnson & Johnson
       common stock, the value of the consideration to be received by the ALZA
       stockholders in the merger would be reduced

     - the risks inherent in Johnson & Johnson's broad-based health care
       products business, including risks associated with potential changes in
       the health care industry generally and

     - the risks to ALZA's business that might result from constraints imposed
       by interim operating covenants contained in the merger agreement.

     
This summary is not meant to be an exhaustive description of the
information and factors considered by the ALZA board of directors but includes
all material factors considered.
In view of the wide variety of factors
considered by the ALZA board of directors, it was not possible to quantify or to
give relative weights to the various factors.
After taking into consideration
all the factors set forth above, as well as other factors not specifically
described above, the ALZA board of directors approved the merger and the merger
agreement because of the ALZA board of directors' belief that the merger is
advisable to ALZA and its stockholders.

     
RECOMMENDATION OF THE ALZA BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  
After careful
consideration, the ALZA board of directors has approved the merger agreement and
determined that the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement are advisable to ALZA and its stockholders.
The ALZA board of
directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of ALZA vote "FOR" the
adoption of the merger agreement.

OPINIONS OF JPMORGAN AND MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED

     OPINION OF JPMORGAN

     JPMorgan acted as ALZA's financial advisor in connection with the merger.

ALZA requested JPMorgan, in its role as a financial advisor, to evaluate the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio in the merger to
the holders of ALZA common stock.
On March 26, 2001, JPMorgan delivered its
written opinion to the ALZA board of directors to the effect that, as of such
date and based upon and subject to certain matters stated therein, the exchange
ratio in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
ALZA common stock.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF THE JPMORGAN FAIRNESS OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH THE
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, FACTORS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS UPON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN
BY JPMORGAN IN RENDERING ITS OPINION, IS INCLUDED IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX 3.
JPMORGAN'S WRITTEN OPINION WAS ADDRESSED TO THE
ALZA BOARD OF DIRECTORS, WAS DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL
POINT OF VIEW, OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO IN THE MERGER TO THE HOLDERS OF ALZA COMMON
STOCK AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY ALZA STOCKHOLDER AS TO HOW
SUCH STOCKHOLDER SHOULD VOTE ON THE MERGER OR ANY OTHER MATTER.
THE FOLLOWING
SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE JPMORGAN FAIRNESS OPINION IS QUALIFIED
BY REFERENCE TO SUCH OPINION.
ALZA STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THIS OPINION
IN ITS ENTIRETY.

     
In arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan, among other things:

     - reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated March 26, 2001

     - reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
       concerning ALZA and Johnson & Johnson and the industries in which they
       operate

     - compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the publicly
       available financial terms of certain transactions involving companies
       JPMorgan deemed relevant and the consideration received for such
       companies

     - compared the financial and operating performance of ALZA and Johnson &
       Johnson with publicly available information concerning certain other
       companies JPMorgan deemed relevant

     - reviewed the current and historical market prices of ALZA common stock
       and Johnson & Johnson common stock and certain publicly traded securities
       of such other companies

     - reviewed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts prepared by
       ALZA and its management relating to ALZA's business and

     - performed such other financial studies and analyses and considered such
       other information as JPMorgan deemed appropriate for the purposes of its
       opinion.

     
JPMorgan also held discussions with certain members of the management of
ALZA and Johnson & Johnson with respect to certain aspects of the merger, and
the past and current business operations of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson, the
financial condition and future prospects and operations of ALZA and Johnson &
Johnson and certain other matters believed necessary or appropriate to
JPMorgan's inquiry.
In addition, JPMorgan reviewed such other financial studies
and analyses and considered such other information as it deemed appropriate for
the purposes of its opinion.
JPMorgan did not receive any forecast from Johnson
& Johnson as to its projected financial performance other than guidance that
JPMorgan could rely on consensus research analyst earnings estimates for the
year 2001.

     
In rendering its opinion, JPMorgan relied upon and assumed, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information that
was publicly available or that was furnished to it by ALZA and Johnson & Johnson
or otherwise reviewed by it, and JPMorgan did not assume any responsibility or
liability therefor.
JPMorgan did not conduct any valuation or appraisal of any
assets or liabilities, nor were any valuations or appraisals provided to it.
In
relying on financial analyses and forecasts provided to it, JPMorgan assumed
that they were reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments by management as to the expected
future results of operations and financial condition of ALZA and Johnson &
Johnson to which such analyses or forecasts relate.
In addition, JPMorgan
assumed that the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for United
States Federal income tax purposes and be accounted for as a pooling of
interests under United States generally accepted accounting principles and that
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will
be completed as described in the merger agreement.
JPMorgan further assumed that
the definitive merger agreement will not differ in any material respects from
the draft merger agreement dated March 26, 2001 furnished to it.
JPMorgan
further assumed that all material governmental, regulatory or other consents and
approvals necessary for the completion of the merger will be obtained without
any adverse effect on ALZA or Johnson & Johnson or on the contemplated benefits
of the merger.

     
The projections furnished to JPMorgan for ALZA were prepared by the
management of ALZA.
ALZA does not publicly disclose internal management
projections of the type provided to JPMorgan in connection with JPMorgan's
analysis of the exchange ratio in the merger, and such projections were not
prepared with a view toward public disclosure.
These projections were based on
numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be
beyond the control of management, including, without limitation, factors related
to general economic and competitive conditions and prevailing interest rates.

Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from those set forth in
such projections.

     
JPMorgan's opinion was necessarily based on economic, market and other
conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to JPMorgan as
of, the date of its opinion.
Subsequent developments may affect the opinion, and
JPMorgan does not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm such
opinion.
JPMorgan's opinion was limited to the fairness, from a financial point
of view, of the exchange ratio in the merger to the holders of ALZA common stock
and JPMorgan expressed no opinion as to the underlying decision of ALZA to
engage in the merger.
JPMorgan expressed no opinion as to the price at which
ALZA common stock or Johnson & Johnson common stock will trade at any future
time.

     
JPMorgan's opinion noted that JPMorgan was not authorized to and did not
solicit any expressions of interest from any other parties with respect to the
sale of all or any part of ALZA or any other alternative transaction.

     
In accordance with customary investment banking practice, JPMorgan employed
generally accepted valuation methods in reaching its opinion.
The following is a
summary of the material financial analyses utilized by JPMorgan in connection
with delivering its opinion.
Some of the analyses include information presented
in a tabular format.
To understand fully the financial analyses used by
JPMorgan, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary.
The
tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

     
Public Companies Analysis.  
Using publicly available information, JPMorgan
compared certain financial and operating information and ratios for ALZA with
corresponding financial and operating information and ratios for the following
specialty pharmaceutical companies:

     - Allergan, Inc.

     - Elan Corporation, plc

     - Forest Laboratories, Inc.

     - ICN Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

     - King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

     - Medicis Pharmaceutical Corporation

     - Shire Pharmaceutical Group plc

     - Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

The analysis indicated that:

     - the ratio of the per share market price of those companies to projected
       earnings per share ranged from 14.9x to 36.5x for calendar year 2001,
       with a mean of 27.4x, compared to 30.2x for ALZA, and ranged from 11.4x
       to 29.8x for calendar year 2002, with a mean of 22.0x, compared to 24.6x
       for ALZA and

     - the ratio of the per share market price of those companies to projected
       2001 earnings per share compared to projected five-year total return
       ranged from approximately 0.58x to 1.73x, with a mean of 1.15x, compared
       to approximately 1.41x for ALZA.

     
JPMorgan also compared certain financial and operating information and
ratios for Johnson & Johnson with corresponding financial and operating
information and ratios for the following companies in the pharmaceutical
industry:

     - Abbott Laboratories

     - American Home Products Corporation

     - Aventis Group

     - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.

     - Eli Lilly & Co.

     - GlaxoSmithKline plc

     - Merck & Co. Inc.

     - Novartis AG

     - Pharmacia Corporation

     - Pfizer Inc.

     - Roche Holdings AG

     - Schering-Plough Corporation

This analysis indicated that:

     - the ratio of the per share market price of those companies to projected
       earnings per share ranged from 18.6x to 41.3x for calendar year 2001,
       with a mean of 25.5x, compared to 23.0x for Johnson & Johnson, and ranged
       from 16.6x to 31.8x for calendar year 2002, with a mean of 21.9x,
       compared to 20.3x for Johnson & Johnson and

     - the ratio of the per share market price of those companies to projected
       2001 earnings per share compared to projected five-year total return
       ranged from approximately 1.26x to 2.64x, with a mean of 1.65x, compared
       to approximately 1.61x for Johnson & Johnson.

     
Based upon the range of multiples derived from the analysis conducted for
the two sets of companies listed above, JPMorgan also calculated the implied
exchange ratios by comparing the implied per share equity values of ALZA common
stock and Johnson & Johnson common stock.
The analysis yielded the following
implied exchange ratios (rounded to the nearest hundredth), in each case
compared to the proposed exchange ratio of 0.49:

COMPARISON                                                    IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
- ----------                                                    ----------------------

Highest estimated valuation of ALZA common stock to lowest
  estimated valuation of Johnson & Johnson common stock.....          0.41x
Lowest estimated valuation of ALZA common stock to highest
  estimated valuation of Johnson & Johnson common stock.....          0.25x

     Precedent Transactions Analysis.  
JPMorgan reviewed certain publicly
available information regarding selected business combinations in the specialty
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries announced since April 1998.
These
transactions and the month in which each transaction was announced were as
follows:

     - Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc/BioChem Pharma Inc. (December 2000)

     - Corixa Corporation/Coulter Pharmaceutical, Inc. (October 2000)

     - Genzyme Corp./Geltex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (September 2000)

     - Elan Corporation, plc/Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (September 2000)

     - Chiron Corporation/PathoGenesis Corporation (August 2000)

     - Cephalon, Inc./Anesta Corp. (July 2000)

     - King Pharmaceutical, Inc./Jones Pharma Incorporated (July 2000)

     - Elan Corporation, plc/The Liposome Company, Inc. (March 2000)

     - King Pharmaceutical, Inc./Medco Research, Inc.
(December 1999)

     - Celltech plc/Medeva plc (November 1999)

     - MedImmune, Inc./U.S. Bioscience, Inc. (September 1999)

     - Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc/Roberts Pharmaceutical Corp. (July 1999)

     - Celltech plc/Chiroscience Group plc (June 1999)

     - Gilead Sciences, Inc./NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (March 1999)

     - Warner-Lambert Company/Agouron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (January 1999)

     - Johnson & Johnson/Centocor, Inc. (July 1999)

     - ALZA/SEQUUS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (October 1998)

     - Elan Corporation, plc/Neurex Corporation (April 1998)

     Based upon a price per share of Johnson & Johnson common stock of $88.21,
which was the closing price per share on March 23, 2001, this analysis indicated
that:

     - the transaction value as a percentage premium to the closing prices of
       the target company's stock the day prior to the announcement of the
       transaction ranged from approximately 6% to 61%, with a mean of
       approximately 28%, compared to an approximately 44% premium to the
       closing price per share of ALZA common stock on March 23, 2001

     - the percentage premium to the average closing prices of the target
       company's stock the week prior to the announcement of the transaction
       ranged from approximately 4% to 81%, with a mean of approximately 31%,
       compared to an approximately 29% premium to the average closing price per
       share of ALZA common stock for the week ending on March 23, 2001

     - the percentage premium to the average closing prices of the target
       company's stock the month prior to the announcement of the transaction
       ranged from approximately 9% to 186%, with a mean of approximately 49%,
       compared to an approximately 10% premium to the average closing price per
       share of ALZA common stock for the month ending on March 23, 2001

     - the percentage premium to the average closing prices of the target
       company's stock the three months prior to the announcement of the
       transaction ranged from approximately 22% to 156%, with a mean of
       approximately 74%, compared to an approximately 2% discount to the
       average closing price per share of ALZA common stock for the three-month
       period ending on March 23, 2001 and

     - the transaction value as a multiple of forward-twelve-months earnings per
       share ranged from approximately 4.3x to 82.7x, with a mean of
       approximately 42.9x, compared to a multiple of approximately 43.1x
       implied by the merger.

     
Relative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  
JPMorgan performed a discounted
cash flow analysis for each of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson using financial
forecasts for ALZA provided by ALZA for years 2001 and 2002 and based on
publicly available research analyst estimates for years 2003-2005, and financial
forecasts for Johnson & Johnson based on publicly available research analyst
estimates.
JPMorgan calculated a discounted cash flow analysis for ALZA assuming
discount rates ranging from 11% to 13%, and terminal multiples of tax-effected
earnings before interest and taxes, which is referred to as tax-effected EBIT,
in the year 2005 ranging from 30.0x to 38.0x, and for Johnson & Johnson assuming
discount rates ranging from 9.5% to 11.5%, and terminal multiples of
tax-effected EBIT in the year 2005 ranging from 24.0x to 28.0x.
Based upon the
estimated valuation ranges of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson set forth above,
JPMorgan calculated an implied exchange ratio of a share of Johnson & Johnson
common stock to a share of ALZA common stock.
The analysis yielded the following
implied exchange ratios (rounded to the nearest hundredth), in each case
compared to the proposed exchange ratio of 0.49:

COMPARISON                                                    IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
- ----------                                                    ----------------------

Highest estimated valuation of ALZA common stock to lowest
  estimated valuation of Johnson & Johnson common stock.....          0.50x
Lowest estimated valuation of ALZA common stock to highest
  estimated valuation of Johnson & Johnson common stock.....          0.31x

     Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.  
JPMorgan reviewed the per share daily
closing market price movements of ALZA common stock and Johnson & Johnson common
stock for the three-year period ending March 23, 2001, and calculated the
historical exchange ratios during this period implied by dividing the daily
closing prices per share of ALZA common stock by those of Johnson & Johnson
common stock and the average of those historical trading ratios for the 30-day,
90-day, 180-day, 1-year, 2-year and 3-year periods ending March 23, 2001.
The
analysis resulted in the following average historical trading ratios for the
periods indicated (rounded to the nearest hundredth), compared to the proposed
exchange ratio of 0.49:

PERIOD                                                        MEAN
- ------                                                        
-----

March 23, 2001..............................................  0.34x
30-day......................................................  
0.40x
90-day......................................................  0.41x
180-day.....................................................  
0.40x
1-year......................................................  0.37x
2-year......................................................  
0.30x
3-year......................................................  0.29x


The highest historical exchange ratio on any single day during the 1-year period
was approximately 0.49x, and the lowest historical exchange ratio on any single
day during this period was approximately 0.25x, compared to the proposed
exchange ratio of 0.49x.

     
JPMorgan also calculated a range of implied exchange ratios by comparing
the high and low intra-day trading prices per share of ALZA common stock and
Johnson & Johnson common stock during the 52-week period ended March 23, 2001.

The analysis yielded the following implied exchange ratios (rounded to the
nearest hundredth), in each case compared to the proposed exchange ratio of
0.49:

                                                              IMPLIED EXCHANGE
COMPARISON                                                         RATIO
- ----------                                                    ----------------

52-week high intra-day trading price of ALZA common stock to
  52-week low intra-day trading price of Johnson & Johnson
  common stock..............................................       0.68x
52-week low intra-day trading price of ALZA common stock to
  52-week high intra-day trading price of Johnson & Johnson
  common stock..............................................       0.16x

     Contribution Analysis.  
JPMorgan estimated the contribution of each of ALZA
and Johnson & Johnson to the pro forma combined company with respect to revenue,
EBIT and net income for fiscal years 2001 and 2002 using financial forecasts for
ALZA provided by ALZA and for Johnson & Johnson based on publicly available
research analyst estimates.
The analysis showed that ALZA would contribute
approximately:

     - 3.8% of 2001 estimated revenues

     - 4.3% of 2001 estimated EBIT

     - 5.0% of 2001 estimated net income

     - 4.0% of 2002 estimated revenues

     - 4.9% of 2002 estimated EBIT and

     - 5.3% of 2002 estimated net income,

compared to the approximately 8.9% pro forma ownership of the combined company
by ALZA stockholders.

     
Pro Forma Analysis.  
JPMorgan also analyzed certain pro forma effects
resulting from the merger, including the potential impact of the merger on
projected earnings per share of Johnson & Johnson following the merger, using
earnings per share forecasts for ALZA provided by ALZA for fiscal years 2001 and
2002 and publicly available research analyst estimates for fiscal year 2003 and
financial forecasts for Johnson & Johnson based on publicly available research
analyst estimates.
Assuming no synergies, this analysis indicated that the
merger would be dilutive to Johnson & Johnson stockholders in years 2001, 2002
and 2003 by -4.2%,
-4.0% and -3.5% per share, respectively.

     
The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description
of the analyses or data presented by JPMorgan.
The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description.
JPMorgan believes that the summary set forth
above and its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions
thereof, without considering all of its analyses, could create an incomplete
view of the processes underlying its analyses and opinion.
JPMorgan based its
analyses on assumptions that it deemed reasonable, including assumptions
concerning general business and economic conditions and industry-specific
factors.
The other principal assumptions upon which JPMorgan based its analyses
are set forth above under the description of each such analysis.
JPMorgan's
analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or actual future
results that might be achieved, which values may be higher or lower than those
indicated.
Moreover, JPMorgan's analyses are not and do not purport to be
appraisals or otherwise reflective of the prices at which businesses actually
could be bought or sold.

     
None of the public companies used in the public companies analysis
described above is identical to ALZA or Johnson & Johnson, and none of the
precedent transactions used in the precedent transactions analysis described
above is identical to the merger.
Accordingly, an analysis of publicly traded
comparable companies and transactions is not mathematical; rather it involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and
operating characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors that
could affect the public trading value of the comparable companies or company to
which they are being compared.

     
As a part of its investment banking business, JPMorgan and its affiliates
are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control
purposes, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and
other purposes.
JPMorgan was selected to advise ALZA with respect to the merger
and deliver an opinion to the ALZA board of directors with respect to the
exchange ratio in the merger on the basis of such experience and its familiarity
with ALZA.

     
For services rendered in connection with the merger and the delivery of its
opinion, ALZA has agreed to pay JPMorgan an announcement fee of $5 million,
payable upon the execution of the merger agreement, and a fee of $20 million,
payable upon the closing of the merger, against which the announcement fee will
be credited.
In addition, ALZA has agreed to reimburse JPMorgan for its expenses
incurred in connection with its services, including the fees and disbursements
of counsel, and will indemnify JPMorgan against certain liabilities, including
liabilities arising under the Federal securities laws.

     
In the past, JPMorgan has acted as financial advisor to ALZA and JPMorgan
and its affiliates have also provided financial advisory and financing services
to Johnson & Johnson, and may continue to do so and have received, and may
receive, fees for such services.

     
In addition, in the ordinary course of their businesses, JPMorgan and its
affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities of ALZA or Johnson
& Johnson for their own accounts or for the accounts of customers and,
accordingly, they may at any time hold long or short positions in such
securities.
As of March 23, 2001, JPMorgan and its affiliates held approximately
5.8% of the outstanding shares of ALZA common stock primarily for the account of
customers.

     OPINION OF MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED

     Merrill Lynch has acted as financial advisor to ALZA in connection with the
merger.
On March 26, 2001, Merrill Lynch delivered to the ALZA board of
directors a written opinion to the effect that, as of such date, and based upon
and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in the opinion, the
exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of ALZA
common stock other than Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates.

     
THE FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH FAIRNESS OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH THE
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON THE
REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY MERRILL LYNCH, IS INCLUDED IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX 4.
THE SUMMARY OF THE MERRILL LYNCH FAIRNESS
OPINION SET FORTH IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH FAIRNESS OPINION.

ALZA STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ SUCH OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.

     
The Merrill Lynch fairness opinion was provided to the ALZA board of
directors for its information and is directed only to the fairness from a
financial point of view of the exchange ratio.
The Merrill Lynch fairness
opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger, including the merits of
the underlying decision by ALZA to engage in the merger, and does not constitute
a recommendation to any ALZA stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote
on the proposed merger agreement or any related matter.
The exchange ratio was
determined through negotiations between Johnson & Johnson and ALZA and was
approved by the ALZA board of directors.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

     - reviewed publicly available business and financial information relating
       to ALZA and Johnson & Johnson that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant

     - reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts relating to
       the business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of
       ALZA

     - conducted discussions with members of senior management of ALZA and
       Johnson & Johnson concerning the matters described above, as well as the
       business and prospects of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson before giving effect
       to the merger (and, in the case of the prospects of Johnson & Johnson,
       Johnson & Johnson instructed Merrill Lynch to rely upon public analysts'
       estimates as the most reasonable estimates for the future operating
       performance of Johnson & Johnson)

     - reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for ALZA common stock
       and Johnson & Johnson common stock and compared them with those of
       certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
       relevant

     - compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
       terms of other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant

     - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
       ALZA and Johnson & Johnson and their financial and legal advisors

     - reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger

     - reviewed a draft dated March 26, 2001 of the merger agreement and

     - reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into account
       such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary, including Merrill
       Lynch's assessment of general economic, market and monetary conditions.

     
In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to
Merrill Lynch, discussed with or reviewed by or for Merrill Lynch, or publicly
available, and Merrill Lynch did not assume any responsibility for independently
verifying such information.
Merrill Lynch has not undertaken an independent
evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of ALZA or Johnson &
Johnson or been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.
In addition,
Merrill Lynch did not assume any obligation to conduct any physical inspection
of the properties or facilities of ALZA or Johnson & Johnson.
With respect to
the financial forecast information furnished to or discussed with Merrill Lynch
by ALZA and the financial forecast guidance provided to Merrill by Johnson &
Johnson, Merrill Lynch assumed that they had been reasonably prepared and
reflected the best available estimates and judgment of the ALZA or the Johnson &
Johnson management as to the expected future financial performance of ALZA or
Johnson & Johnson, as the case may be.
Merrill Lynch further assumed that the
merger will be accounted for as a pooling of interests under generally accepted
accounting principles and that it will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for
U.S. Federal income tax purposes.
Merrill Lynch also assumed that the final form
of the merger agreement would be substantially similar to the draft dated March
26, 2001 reviewed by it.

     
The Merrill Lynch fairness opinion is necessarily based on market, economic
and other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on, and on the
information made available to Merrill Lynch as of, the date of the opinion.

Merrill Lynch assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory
or other consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the merger, no
restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on the
contemplated benefits of the merger.
Merrill Lynch did not express any opinion
as to the prices at which ALZA common stock or Johnson & Johnson common stock
will trade following the announcement or completion of the merger.
In connection
with the preparation of its opinion, Merrill Lynch was not authorized by ALZA or
the ALZA board of directors to solicit, nor did Merrill Lynch

solicit, third-party indications of interest for the acquisition of all or any
part of ALZA.
Although Merrill Lynch evaluated the exchange ratio from a
financial point of view, Merrill Lynch was not requested to, and did not,
address the merits of the underlying decision of ALZA to engage in the merger
and did not recommend to any stockholder how such stockholder should vote on the
proposed merger or any related matter.

     
In preparing its opinion to the ALZA board of directors, Merrill Lynch
performed financial and comparative analyses, including those described below.

The summary of analyses set forth in this proxy statement/prospectus does not
purport to be a complete description of the analyses underlying the Merrill
Lynch fairness opinion or the presentation made by Merrill Lynch to the ALZA
board of directors.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytic
process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
No company, business or
transaction used in such analyses as a comparison is identical to ALZA, Johnson
& Johnson or the merger, nor is an evaluation of the results of such analyses
entirely mathematical.
Rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could
affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies,
business segments or transactions being analyzed.

     
In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch did not attribute any particular
weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative
judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.

Accordingly, Merrill Lynch believes that its analyses must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without considering all
analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion.

     
In performing its analyses, numerous assumptions were made with respect to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Merrill
Lynch, ALZA or Johnson & Johnson.
The estimates contained in the analyses
performed by Merrill Lynch and the ranges of valuations resulting from any
particular analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by such analyses.
Additionally, estimates of the
value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect
the prices at which such businesses or securities might actually be sold.

Accordingly, such analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty.
In addition, as described above, the Merrill Lynch fairness opinion
was among several factors taken into consideration by the ALZA board of
directors in making its determination to approve the merger agreement and the
merger.
Consequently, the Merrill Lynch analyses described below should not be
viewed as determinative of the decision of the ALZA board of directors or the
ALZA management with respect to the fairness of the exchange ratio.

     
The following is a summary of the material financial and comparative
analyses performed by Merrill Lynch in arriving at its March 26, 2001 opinion
and presented to the ALZA board of directors.
The Merrill Lynch opinion is based
upon Merrill Lynch's consideration of the collective results of all such
analyses, together with the other factors referred to in its opinion letter.

     
Exchange Ratio Analysis.  
In the merger, each outstanding share of ALZA
common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.49 shares of Johnson
& Johnson common stock.
Merrill Lynch compared this exchange ratio to each range
of implied exchange ratios set forth below, which were derived from analyses
performed by Merrill Lynch, and noted that this exchange ratio was higher than
or in the range of such implied exchange ratios.

                                                              
IMPLIED EXCHANGE
                                                                   RATIO
                                                              ----------------
METHODOLOGY                                                    LOW       HIGH
- -----------                                                   -----      -----

Historical share price analysis.............................  0.344      0.409
Comparable company trading analysis.........................  0.243      0.449
Contribution analysis.......................................  0.280      0.337
Discounted cash flow analysis...............................  0.336      0.522

     Historical Share Price Analysis.  
Merrill Lynch analyzed the ratio of the
daily closing share prices of ALZA common stock to corresponding prices of
Johnson & Johnson common stock for various periods ended March 23, 2001 and
calculated the average of the daily implied exchange ratios for the periods
listed below.

                                                              
AVERAGE IMPLIED
PERIOD                                                        EXCHANGE RATIO
- ------                                                        ---------------

1 week......................................................       0.344
2 weeks.....................................................       0.353
1 month.....................................................       0.377
2 months....................................................       0.409
3 months....................................................       0.406

     Based on this historical share price analysis, Merrill Lynch calculated an
implied exchange ratio range of 0.344 to 0.409.

     Comparable Company Trading Analysis.  
Using publicly available information,
Merrill Lynch compared selected historical and estimated stock price and
financial ratios for groups of selected publicly traded companies in the
pharmaceutical industry considered by Merrill Lynch to be reasonably comparable
to ALZA and Johnson & Johnson, respectively, for the purposes of this analysis.

The companies comparable to ALZA included:

     - Allergan, Inc.

     - Elan Corporation, plc

     - Forest Laboratories, Inc.

     - King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

     - Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc

     - Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited

     - Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


The companies comparable to Johnson & Johnson included:

     - Abbott Laboratories

     - American Home Products Corporation

     - Bristol-Myers Squibb Company

     - Eli Lilly & Company

     - Merck & Co., Inc.

     - Pfizer Inc.

     - Pharmacia Corporation

     - Schering-Plough Corporation

     Merrill Lynch calculated the price of each of the comparable companies'
common stock as a multiple of estimated 2001 earnings per share.
Merrill Lynch
also calculated the 2001 price-to-earnings ratio of each of the comparable
companies as a multiple of estimated total return (defined to be the estimated
five-year earnings per share growth rate plus the current dividend yield, which
is equal to (a) four times the most recent quarterly dividend per share, divided
by (b) the stock price).
This analysis indicated that:

     - the 2001 price-to-earnings ratio for the companies comparable to ALZA
       ranged from 21.9x to 35.6x

     - the 2001 price-to-earnings to total return ratio for the companies
       comparable to ALZA ranged from 1.01x to 1.74x

     - the 2001 price-to-earnings ratio for the companies comparable to Johnson
       & Johnson ranged from 21.5x to 28.9x and

     - the 2001 price-to-earnings to total return ratio for the companies
       comparable to Johnson & Johnson ranged from 1.20x to 1.78x.

     
Based upon a comparison of the companies comparable to ALZA and the
companies comparable to Johnson & Johnson, the implied exchange ratio ranged
from 0.243x to 0.449x.

     
Because of the inherent differences among the operations of ALZA, Johnson &
Johnson and the selected comparable companies, Merrill Lynch believes that a
purely quantitative comparable company analysis would not be dispositive in the
context of the merger.
Merrill Lynch further believes that an appropriate use of
a comparable company analysis in this instance involves qualitative judgments
concerning differences among the financial and operating characteristics of
ALZA, Johnson & Johnson and the selected comparable companies, which judgments
are reflected in the Merrill Lynch opinion.

     
Contribution Analysis.  
In order to determine an implied exchange ratio
range based upon a contribution analysis, Merrill Lynch calculated the
contribution on a percentage basis of each of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson to the
estimated net income, earnings before interest and taxes and earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to common stockholders of the pro
forma combined company for the twelve month periods ending December 31, 2000,
2001 and 2002 (excluding the effect of any cost savings and related expenses and
synergies expected to result from the merger) using projections provided by the
management of ALZA and information in selected equity research reports on
Johnson & Johnson.

     
The results of these calculations indicated that ALZA's contribution
percentages for the relevant measure would be as set forth below:

                                                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              
------------------------
MEASURE                                                       2000      2001      2002
- -------                                                       ----      
----      ----

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
  amortization..............................................  4.0%      4.2%      4.8%
Earnings before interest and taxes..........................  4.0%      4.3%      4.9%
Net income..................................................  4.4%      5.0%      5.3%

     Merrill Lynch noted that if former stockholders of ALZA were to own like
percentages of the equity of the combined company as the ALZA contribution
percentages for the relevant measures for the twelve month periods ending
December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002, the implied exchange ratios would be as set
forth below:

                                                            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           --------------------------
MEASURE                                                     2000      2001      2002
- -------                                                    ------    ------    ------

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
  amortization...........................................  0.274x    0.290x    0.330x
Earnings before interest and taxes.......................  0.274x    0.290x    0.337x
Net income...............................................  0.243x    0.280x    0.298x

     The implied exchange ratios with respect to earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization and earnings before interest and taxes set
forth above were estimated based upon ALZA's earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization and earnings before interest and taxes,
respectively, for the periods indicated proportionately adjusted to reflect the
lower net debt-to-capitalization ratio of ALZA as compared to Johnson & Johnson.

     
Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  
In order to determine an implied exchange
ratio range based upon discounted cash flow analysis, Merrill Lynch performed
discounted cash flow analyses for each of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson using
projections provided to Merrill Lynch by the management of ALZA and information
in selected equity research reports on Johnson & Johnson and calculated ranges
of values per share for ALZA common stock and Johnson & Johnson common stock.

     
Discount rates ranging from 11.5% to 13.5% were applied to ALZA's projected
free cash flows for the years 2001 through 2005 and implied enterprise values in
2005 were based on a range of multiples of estimated tax-effected 2005 earnings
before interest and taxes of 29.0x to 37.0x.
Discount rates ranging from 10.0%
to 12.0% were applied to Johnson & Johnson's projected free cash flows for the
years 2001 through 2005 and implied enterprise values in 2005 were based on a
range of multiples of estimated tax-effected 2005 earnings before interest and
taxes of 24.0x to 28.0x.

     
Based upon a comparison of high-to-low estimated equity values per share
for each of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson resulting from the discounted cash flow
analyses, the implied exchange ratios ranged from 0.336x to 0.522x.

     Comparable Transaction Analysis.  
Merrill Lynch also reviewed publicly
available information relating to sixteen comparable acquisition transactions
involving pharmaceutical companies completed in the last three years.
With
respect to ALZA, Merrill Lynch examined the following:

     - premiums paid for the targets' equity over pre-announcement stock prices
       one week prior to announcement and one month prior to announcement

     - multiples of offered price per share to projected one-year forward and
       two-year forward earnings per share and

     - multiples of the consideration paid for the common equity and the value
       of the indebtedness, less cash and cash equivalents, assumed in each of
       the transactions to such acquired companies' projected one-year forward
       and two-year forward sales and earnings before interest, taxes,
       depreciation and amortization.

     
This analysis indicated that the average premiums paid for the targets'
equity over pre-announcement stock prices one week prior to announcement and one
month prior to announcement were 32.1% and 41.6%, respectively.
The multiples of
offered price per share to projected one-year forward and two-year forward
earnings per share ranged from 28.3x to 63.8x and 22.6x to 47.2x, respectively.

The ranges for the multiples of the consideration paid for the common equity and
the value of the indebtedness, less cash and cash equivalents, assumed in each
of the transactions to such acquired companies' projected one-year forward and
two-year forward sales and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization would be as set forth below:

MEASURE                                               ONE-YEAR FORWARD    TWO-YEAR FORWARD
- -------                                               ----------------    ----------------

Sales...............................................    
3.4x to 19.8x       2.9x to 17.6x
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
  amortization......................................   15.5x to 45.6x      11.8x to 31.0x

     Applying these multiples for the sixteen comparable acquisitions in the
pharmaceutical industry and to corresponding financial data of ALZA indicated an
implied equity reference range for its common stock of $37.75 to $48.50 per
share.

     
Because the reasons for, and circumstances surrounding, each of the
comparable transactions analyzed were so diverse and due to the inherent
differences between the operations and financial conditions of

ALZA and the selected companies, Merrill Lynch believes that a purely
quantitative comparable transaction analysis would not be dispositive in the
context of the merger.
Merrill Lynch further believes that an appropriate use of
a comparable transaction analysis in this instance involves qualitative
judgments concerning the differences between the characteristics of these
transactions and the merger that would affect the value of the acquired
companies and businesses and ALZA, which judgments are reflected in the Merrill
Lynch opinion.

     
Pro Forma Merger Analysis.  
Merrill Lynch analyzed certain pro forma
effects which could result from the merger, based on financial forecasts for
ALZA provided by the ALZA management for each year through 2003 and information
in selected equity research reports on Johnson & Johnson for the same period.

The ALZA management advised Merrill Lynch that the merger will be accounted for
as a pooling of interests under generally accepted accounting principles.
This
pro forma analysis indicated that:

     - for fiscal 2001, the merger would be dilutive to the forecasted earnings
       per share of Johnson & Johnson if cost savings and/or revenue synergies
       were as much as $600 million or less per year

     - for fiscal 2002, the merger would be dilutive to such forecasted earnings
       if cost savings and/or revenue synergies were $400 million or less per
       year and accretive to such forecasted earnings if cost savings and/or
       revenue synergies were $600 million or more per year, and

     - for fiscal 2003, the merger would be dilutive to such forecasted earnings
       if cost savings and/or revenue synergies were $200 million per year or
       less and accretive to such forecasted earnings if cost savings and/or
       revenue synergies were $400 million or more per year.

     
Other Factors and Analyses.  
In the course of preparing its opinion,
Merrill Lynch performed other analyses and reviewed other matters, including,
among other things:

     - historical and expected trading characteristics of ALZA common stock and
       Johnson & Johnson common shares and

     - pro forma operating results and capitalization of the combined company.

     
Pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement between ALZA and Merrill Lynch,
referred to as the Merrill Lynch letter agreement, ALZA has agreed to pay the
following fees to Merrill Lynch for its financial advisory services in
connection with the merger:

     - a fee of $3 million, contingent upon and payable in cash upon the
       execution of a definitive agreement to effect a business combination as
       defined in the Merrill Lynch letter agreement and

     - if, during the period Merrill Lynch is retained by ALZA or within 18
       months thereafter, a business combination is completed with an acquiror
       as defined in the Merrill Lynch letter agreement, or ALZA enters into an
       agreement with an acquiror that subsequently results in a business
       combination, a fee in an amount equal to $12 million, payable in cash
       upon the closing of such business combination; provided, however, that
       any fee previously paid to Merrill Lynch pursuant to the previous bullet
       point will be deducted from any fee to which Merrill Lynch is entitled
       pursuant to this bullet point.

     
ALZA has also agreed to pay Merrill Lynch the lesser of the aggregate fees
described above payable to Merrill Lynch if the merger were completed and 10% of
any fee or payment paid to ALZA pursuant to or in connection with, the
termination, abandonment or failure to occur, of the merger, within 18 months of
the termination of the Merrill Lynch letter agreement.
ALZA also has agreed to
reimburse Merrill Lynch for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
Merrill Lynch in performing its services, including the fees and expenses for
legal counsel, provided that Merrill Lynch is not entitled to reimbursement of
out of-pocket expenses in excess of $100,000 without the prior approval of ALZA.

ALZA has also agreed to indemnify Merrill Lynch and related persons and entities
against liabilities under Federal or state law arising out of a business
combination contemplated by the Merrill Lynch letter agreement or the engagement
of Merrill Lynch pursuant to such agreement.

     
ALZA retained Merrill Lynch based upon Merrill Lynch's experience and
expertise.
Merrill Lynch is an internationally recognized investment banking
business, is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

     
In the ordinary course of business, Merrill Lynch and its affiliates may
actively trade in securities of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson for their own
accounts and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in such securities.


INTERESTS OF ALZA DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

     
In considering the recommendation of the ALZA board of directors with
respect to the merger, ALZA stockholders should be aware that the members of the
ALZA board of directors and ALZA's executive officers have personal interests in
the merger that are or may be different from, or in addition to, the interests
of other ALZA stockholders.

     
ACCELERATION OF BENEFITS.  
The members of the ALZA board of directors and
ALZA's executive officers are beneficiaries of certain ALZA compensation
programs under which vesting is accelerated upon the occurrence of certain
events, of which the merger is one.

     - Under the ALZA stock plan adopted by vote of ALZA stockholders in 1992
       and amended in 1995, all outstanding options to purchase ALZA common
       stock issued under the ALZA stock plan, including those held by executive
       officers and directors of ALZA, vest automatically at the closing of a
       merger such as the proposed merger with Johnson & Johnson, subject to
       adjustment to reflect the exchange ratio.
Based upon options outstanding
       as of March 26, 2001, options held by ALZA's executive officers and
       directors relating to 5,508,726 shares of ALZA common stock will be
       subject to accelerated vesting at the effective time of the merger.
       
Please see the table below for further details relating to the options
       held by ALZA's directors that are subject to accelerated vesting.

     - Restrictions on 390,796 shares of restricted stock held by executive
       officers of ALZA as of March 26, 2001, including 96,166 held by Dr.
       Mario, will lapse at the effective time of the merger and the shares will
       be converted into the right to receive unrestricted shares of Johnson &
       Johnson common stock, subject to adjustment to reflect the exchange
       ratio.

     - Under the ALZA Executive Deferral Plan initially approved by the ALZA
       board of directors in 1986, some of ALZA's directors and executive
       officers will benefit from accelerated vesting of their accounts at the
       effective time of the merger, and will be entitled to retirement benefits
       under the plan if their board membership or employment is terminated
       within two years of the closing of the merger.
The aggregate unvested
       amount in the accounts of ALZA's directors and executive officers as of
       March 31, 2001 was $87,977.

     
The following table sets forth, as of March 26, 2001, the number of shares
subject to unvested options held by ALZA's directors and the average exercise
prices of those options:

                           NUMBER OF SHARES SUBJECT TO UNVESTED OPTIONS HELD BY
NAME                          DIRECTORS/AVERAGE EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE($)
- ----                       
----------------------------------------------------

Dr. Ernest Mario.........                    600,000 / 21.73
Dr. William R. Brody.....                     20,000 / 23.04
Dr. Robert J. Glaser.....                     16,000 / 23.06
Dr. I. Craig Henderson...                    149,900 / 20.40
Jerry T. Jackson.........                     12,000 / 41.81
Dean O. Morton...........                     16,000 / 23.06
Denise M. O'Leary........                     20,000 / 23.04
Julian N. Stern..........                     24,000 / 23.10

     All of these options, other than options held by Dr. Mario and Dr.
Henderson, were granted under the automatic grant provisions of the ALZA stock
plan.
The exercise price of all outstanding options issued under the ALZA stock
plan is equal to the fair market value of ALZA common stock on the date of the
option grant.

     
Although all unvested options will vest and all restrictions on restricted
stock held by executive officers will lapse upon the closing of the merger,
under a separate agreement with Johnson & Johnson, the ALZA directors' and
executive officers' ability to sell their shares of Johnson & Johnson common
stock received in exchange for shares of ALZA common stock, restricted stock or
shares issuable on exercise of stock options is restricted until after Johnson &
Johnson publicly releases earnings that include at least 30 days of post-merger
combined operations of the two companies.

     
EXECUTIVE AGREEMENTS.  
ALZA and each of the executives listed below are
parties to executive agreements that provide for severance benefits in the event
of termination of the executive's employment by ALZA or its successor, other
than for "cause", or by the executive for "good reason", in either case at or
within 24 months following a "change in control" of ALZA, each as defined in the
executive agreements.
The merger would constitute a change in control for
purposes of the executive agreements.
The executive agreements were initially
entered into in November 1995 or upon the date the executive became an executive
officer, whichever was later, and were most recently amended in June 1999.
Each
executive agreement, other than Dr. Mario's, provides:

     - for severance benefits equal to 2.5 times the executive's annual cash
       compensation

     - that for the 24 month period following the executive's termination, but
       not later than the third anniversary of the completion of the merger, the
       executive will receive life, disability and accident and health insurance
       benefits substantially similar to those the executive received prior to
       the executive's termination

     - for a partial gross-up for any excise tax that may be payable by the
       executive under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, and any income
       and employment withholding taxes on the gross-up payment, with respect to
       severance payments that are not attributable to the acceleration of
       equity-based awards to the executive and

     - that the executive will enter into a noncompetition agreement for a
       period of one year following the executive's termination, for which the
       executive is entitled to receive four quarterly payments of $25,000.

     
Dr. Mario is a party to an executive agreement that is substantially the
same as the executive agreements described above, except that Dr. Mario's
executive agreement provides for a severance payment equal to three times the
sum of his annual cash compensation and a 2001 bonus payment of $775,000, but
not less than $4.5 million in the aggregate, and a four-year post-termination
noncompetition agreement, for which he is entitled to receive quarterly payments
of $31,250.

     
The following executive officers of ALZA are parties to executive
agreements:

NAME                                             TITLE
- ----                      
---------------------------------------------------

Dr. Ernest Mario........  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Bruce C. Cozadd.........  
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer
Harold E. Fethe.........  
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Matthew K. Fust.........  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Dr. Ronald P. Haak......  
Senior Vice President, Technology Development and
                          Principal Scientist
Robert M. Myers.........  
Senior Vice President, Commercial Development
Dr. Samuel R. Saks......  
Group Vice President -- ALZA Pharmaceuticals
Peter D. Staple.........  
Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative
                          Officer and General Counsel
Daniel N. Swisher,
  Jr. ..................  
Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing
Janne L. Wissel.........  
Senior Vice President, Operations

     INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE.  
The merger agreement provides that all
rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions
occurring at or prior to the effective time of the merger existing in favor of
current or former directors or officers of ALZA under the ALZA certificate of
incorporation, bylaws or indemnification agreements will be assumed by the
surviving corporation in the merger and will continue in full force and effect
in accordance with their terms following completion of the merger.

     
The merger agreement also provides that for six years after the effective
time of the merger, Johnson & Johnson will maintain directors' and officers'
liability insurance for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the effective
time of the merger, covering each person who was, as of the date of the merger
agreement, covered by ALZA's directors' and officers' liability insurance, on
terms no less favorable than those in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement.
Johnson & Johnson's obligation to provide this insurance coverage is
subject to a cap of 200% of the amount of premiums paid by ALZA in its last full
fiscal year for its existing insurance coverage.
If Johnson & Johnson cannot
maintain the existing or equivalent insurance coverage without exceeding the
200% cap, Johnson & Johnson is required to maintain only that amount of
insurance coverage that can be obtained by paying an annual premium equal to the
200% cap.

     
ALZA EXECUTIVE ESTATE PROTECTION PLAN AND THE ALZA GRANTOR TRUST
AGREEMENT.  
The merger agreement provides that Johnson & Johnson will, from and
after the effective time of the merger, guarantee all obligations of the
surviving corporation in the merger for the performance of its obligations under
the ALZA Executive Estate Protection Plan and the related ALZA Grantor Trust
Agreement.

     
The ALZA board of directors was aware of the interests described above and
considered them, among other matters, when approving the merger.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     Completion of the merger is conditioned upon its being accounted for on a
pooling of interests accounting basis and the receipt by Johnson & Johnson and
ALZA of letters from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Ernst & Young LLP regarding
those firms' concurrence with the Johnson & Johnson management's and the ALZA
management's conclusions, respectively, that, as of the date the merger is
completed, no conditions exist that would preclude accounting for the merger as
a pooling of interests transaction under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No.
16 and applicable
Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations, if
the merger is completed in accordance with the merger agreement.
Under this
accounting treatment, upon completion of the merger, the assets and liabilities
of ALZA would be added to those of Johnson & Johnson at their recorded book
values and the shareholders' equity accounts of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA would
be combined on Johnson & Johnson's consolidated balance sheet.
On a pooling of
interests accounting basis, Johnson & Johnson will retroactively restate its
financial statements issued after completion of the merger to reflect the

consolidated combined financial position and results of operations of Johnson &
Johnson and ALZA as if the merger had taken place as of the earliest period
covered by such financial statements.


FORM OF THE MERGER

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and in
accordance with Delaware law, at the effective time of the merger, Express
Merger Sub Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson and a party to
the merger agreement, will merge with and into ALZA.
ALZA will survive the
merger as a wholly owned Delaware subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.


MERGER CONSIDERATION

     At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of ALZA common
stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.49 shares of Johnson &
Johnson common stock, except that treasury stock and stock held by Johnson &
Johnson and Express Merger Sub Inc. will be canceled.
ALZA stockholders will
receive cash for any fractional shares which they would otherwise receive in the
merger.
The amount of cash for fractional shares each ALZA stockholder will
receive will be calculated by multiplying the fractional share interest to which
that stockholder is entitled by the closing price of Johnson & Johnson common
stock on the closing date of the merger as reported on the New York Stock
Exchange Composite Transactions Tape.
The exchange ratio of 0.49 was determined
through arm's-length negotiations between Johnson & Johnson and ALZA.


OWNERSHIP OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     Based on the number of outstanding shares of ALZA common stock on the
record date, we anticipate that ALZA stockholders will receive approximately --
shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock in the merger.
Based on that number and
on the number of outstanding shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock on --,
2001, ALZA stockholders will own approximately --% of the outstanding shares of
Johnson & Johnson common stock following the merger.


CONVERSION OF SHARES; PROCEDURES FOR EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

     The conversion of ALZA common stock into the right to receive Johnson &
Johnson common stock will occur automatically at the effective time of the
merger.
As soon as reasonably practicable after the completion of the merger,
EquiServe Trust Company, the exchange agent, will send a letter of transmittal
to each former ALZA stockholder.
The transmittal letter will contain
instructions for obtaining shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock and cash for
any fractional shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock in exchange for shares
of ALZA common stock.

     
ALZA STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT RETURN STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED
PROXY.

     
After the effective time of the merger, each certificate that previously
represented shares of ALZA common stock will no longer be outstanding, will be
automatically canceled and retired, will cease to exist and will represent only
the right to receive the Johnson & Johnson common stock into which such shares
are converted in the merger and the right to receive cash for any fractional
shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock as described below.

     
Until holders of certificates previously representing ALZA common stock
have surrendered those certificates to the exchange agent for exchange, those
holders will not receive dividends or distributions on the Johnson & Johnson
common stock into which such shares have been converted with a record date after
the effective time of the merger and will not receive cash for any fractional
shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock.
When holders surrender such
certificates, they will receive any dividends with a record date after the
effective time of the merger and a payment date on or prior to the date of
surrender and any cash for fractional shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock,
in each case without interest.

     
In the event of a transfer of ownership of ALZA common stock that is not
registered in the transfer records of ALZA, a certificate representing the
proper number of shares of Johnson & Johnson common

stock may be issued to a person other than the person in whose name the
certificate so surrendered is registered if:

     - such certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise is in proper form for
       transfer and

     - the person requesting such exchange pays any transfer or other taxes
       resulting from the issuance of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock
       to a person other than the registered holder of such certificate.

     
All shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock issued in exchange for shares
of ALZA common stock, including any cash paid instead of any fractional shares
of Johnson & Johnson common stock, will be issued in full satisfaction of all
rights relating to such shares of ALZA common stock.

     
No fractional shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock will be issued to
any ALZA stockholder upon surrender of certificates previously representing ALZA
common stock.
Each ALZA stockholder who would otherwise have been entitled to
receive a fraction of a share of Johnson & Johnson common stock will receive
cash in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (1) the
fractional share interest to which such holder would otherwise be entitled by
(2) the closing price for a share of Johnson & Johnson common stock on the
closing date of the merger as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite
Transactions Tape.


EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

     
The merger will become effective upon the filing of the certificate of
merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or such later time
as is agreed upon by Johnson & Johnson and ALZA and specified in the certificate
of merger.
The filing of the certificate of merger will occur as soon as
practicable after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the completion of
the merger described in the merger agreement.


STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON COMMON STOCK

     It is a condition to the completion of the merger that the Johnson &
Johnson common stock issuable to:

     - ALZA stockholders in the merger

     - holders of options to acquire shares of ALZA common stock, which will be
       converted into options to acquire shares of Johnson & Johnson common
       stock, subject to adjustment to reflect the exchange ratio, upon exercise
       of such options and

     - holders of certain convertible securities of ALZA to be assumed by the
       surviving corporation in the merger upon conversion of such securities

have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to
official notice of issuance.


DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF ALZA COMMON STOCK

     If the merger is completed, ALZA common stock will be delisted from the New
York Stock Exchange and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

     
The following general discussion summarizes the anticipated material United
States Federal income tax consequences of the merger to holders of ALZA common
stock.
This discussion addresses only such stockholders who hold their ALZA
common stock as a capital asset, and does not address all of the United States
Federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to particular stockholders
in light of their individual circumstances or to stockholders who are subject to
special rules, such as holders who are subject to alternative minimum tax
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, financial institutions, tax-exempt
organizations, insurance companies, mutual funds, dealers in securities or
foreign currencies,

foreign holders, persons who hold such shares as a hedge against currency risk,
or as part of a constructive sale or conversion transaction, holders whose
shares are qualified small business stock for purposes of Sections 1202 and 1045
of the Internal Revenue Code or holders who acquired their shares upon the
exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation.
Tax
consequences under state, local and foreign laws are not addressed, nor are the
tax consequences of transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to, or
concurrently with, the merger (whether or not any such transactions are
undertaken in connection with the merger), including without limitation any
transaction in which shares of ALZA common stock are acquired or shares of
Johnson & Johnson common stock are disposed of.

     
The following discussion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service.
It
is based upon the Internal Revenue Code, and other laws, regulations, rulings
and decisions in effect as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, all
of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect.
The parties
are not requesting a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to the United
States Federal income tax consequences of the merger and there can be no
assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the conclusions
expressed below.
The obligation of ALZA to complete the merger is conditioned on
the receipt by ALZA of the opinion of Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP, tax
counsel to ALZA, that on the basis of the facts, representations and assumptions
set forth or referred to therein, the merger will qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and each of
ALZA, Johnson & Johnson and Express Merger Sub will be a party to the
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue
Code.
This tax opinion is based on the continued accuracy and completeness of
the facts, assumptions and representations referred to above.
The discussion
below assumes that the merger qualifies as a reorganization under the Internal
Revenue Code.

     
HOLDERS OF ALZA COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO
THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY
AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX LAWS TO
THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

     
EFFECT OF QUALIFICATION AS A REORGANIZATION; EXCHANGE OF ALZA COMMON STOCK
FOR JOHNSON & JOHNSON COMMON STOCK.  
If the merger qualifies as a
reorganization, the following tax consequences will apply to holders of ALZA
common stock who exchange their ALZA common stock for Johnson & Johnson common
stock in the merger:

     - each such stockholder will not recognize gain or loss for United States
       Federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger, except with
       respect to cash, if any, that such stockholder receives instead of a
       fractional share of Johnson & Johnson common stock

     - each such stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the Johnson & Johnson
       common stock received in the merger will be the same as such
       stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the ALZA common stock surrendered in
       the merger, decreased by the amount of any tax basis allocable to any
       fractional share interest for which cash is received

     - the holding period of the Johnson & Johnson common stock received in the
       merger by each such stockholder will include the holding period of the
       ALZA common stock that such stockholder surrendered in the merger and

     - each such stockholder who receives cash instead of a fractional share of
       Johnson & Johnson common stock will recognize gain or loss equal to the
       difference between the amount of cash received and such stockholder's tax
       basis in the ALZA common stock surrendered for the fractional share.

     
BACKUP WITHHOLDING.  
Certain noncorporate holders of ALZA common stock may
be subject to backup withholding at a 31% rate on amounts received in exchange
for their ALZA common stock.
Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a
stockholder who (1) furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and
certifies that he or she is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute
Form W-9 or successor form included in the letter of transmittal that will be
mailed to ALZA stockholders by the exchange agent shortly after completion of
the merger, (2) provides a certification of foreign status on Form W-8BEN or
successor form or (3) is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.


REGULATORY MATTERS

     UNITED STATES ANTITRUST.  
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act and related rules, certain transactions, including the merger,
may not be completed unless certain waiting period requirements have been
satisfied.
On April 13, 2001, Johnson & Johnson and ALZA each filed a
Notification and Report Form with the Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and requested an early termination of
the required waiting period.
If early termination is not granted and a request
for additional information by the relevant antitrust authorities is not made,
the waiting period will expire at midnight on May 14, 2001.
At any time before
or after the effective time of the merger, the Antitrust Division, the Federal
Trade Commission or others could take action under the antitrust laws, including
seeking to prevent the merger, to rescind the merger or to conditionally approve
the merger upon the divestiture of substantial assets of Johnson & Johnson or
ALZA.
There can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust
grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is made, that it would not be
successful.

     EUROPE.  
In addition, both Johnson & Johnson and ALZA conduct business in
member states of the European Union.
Council Regulation 4064/89 requires
notification to and approval by the European Commission of mergers or
acquisitions involving parties with aggregate worldwide sales and individual
European Union sales exceeding specified thresholds.
Such approval by the
European Commission is a condition to the completion of the merger.
Johnson &
Johnson and ALZA each filed a merger notification with the European Commission
on --, 2001.

     GENERAL.  
It is possible that any of the governmental entities with which
filings are made may seek, as conditions for granting approval of the merger,
various regulatory concessions.
There can be no assurance that:

     - Johnson & Johnson or ALZA will be able to satisfy or comply with such
       conditions

     - compliance or non-compliance will not have adverse consequences on
       Johnson & Johnson after completion of the merger or

     - the required regulatory approvals will be obtained within the time frame
       contemplated by Johnson & Johnson and referred to in this proxy
       statement/prospectus or on terms that will be satisfactory to Johnson &
       Johnson and ALZA.


See "The Merger Agreement -- Conditions to the Completion of the Merger".


APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under Delaware law, holders of ALZA common stock are not entitled to
appraisal rights in connection with the merger because, on the record date, ALZA
common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange and will be converted
into shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock, which at the effective time of
the merger will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


ALZA EMPLOYEE BENEFITS MATTERS

     Johnson & Johnson and ALZA have agreed that:

     - for a period ending not earlier than December 31, 2001, employees of ALZA
       and its subsidiaries will receive employee benefits under the material
       ALZA benefit plans (other than stock-based plans) according to their
       terms as in effect immediately before the completion of the merger and

     - from January 1, 2002 through December 31, 2002, employees of ALZA and its
       subsidiaries will be provided employee benefits that are no less
       favorable in the aggregate than the benefits provided under ALZA's
       material benefit plans (other than stock-based plans and ALZA's bonus
       leave program) as in effect immediately before the completion of the
       merger.


With respect to ALZA's bonus leave program, Johnson & Johnson and ALZA have
agreed that:

     - the bonus leave program is not required to be continued for participants
       other than employees of ALZA and its subsidiaries immediately before the
       completion of the merger

     - in the event Johnson & Johnson discontinues the bonus leave program after
       December 31, 2001, it will provide to each participant who as of December
       31, 2001 has earned partial service credit toward a paid bonus leave
       under the bonus leave program either:

        - a paid leave for the number of days equal to the product (rounded down
          to the nearest whole day) of the number of days of paid bonus leave
          that would have been provided under the bonus leave program if the
          participant had accrued the full bonus leave as of December 31, 2001,
          multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
          completed calendar months (with 15 or more calendar days of accrued
          service credit in any month being treated as a full completed calendar
          month) of service credit towards the paid bonus leave accrued through
          December 31, 2001, and the denominator of which is 96 or

        - a payment in cash in an amount equal to the participant's annual base
          salary multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number
          of days determined under the preceding bullet point and the
          denominator of which is 365 and

     - upon the termination of employment after the completion of the merger but
       prior to December 31, 2001 of any participant in the bonus leave program,
       Johnson & Johnson will cause the terminating participant to be paid the
       value of all service credit earned toward bonus leave under the bonus
       leave program, such value to be calculated in the same manner as set
       forth above.

     
Johnson & Johnson has also agreed that:

     - with respect to any benefit plan for which Johnson & Johnson or its
       subsidiaries file a Form 5500 and with respect to Johnson & Johnson's
       vacation program, Johnson & Johnson will recognize or cause to be
       recognized, continuing ALZA employees' service with ALZA and its
       subsidiaries prior to the completion of the merger, provided that:

        - Johnson & Johnson will not be required to recognize such service under
          its short-term disability, retiree medical and retiree life insurance
          benefit plans

        - under Johnson & Johnson's defined benefit pension plan, service will
          be recognized for purposes of eligibility and vesting but not for
          benefit accrual purposes

        - the annual accrual under ALZA's personal time off (or PTO) program
          that such employees would be eligible to receive on or after the
          completion of the merger will not be reduced and

        - Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries are not required to provide any
          such benefit on or after the completion of the merger

     - with respect to any welfare plan in which employees of ALZA and its
       subsidiaries are eligible to participate after the completion of the
       merger, Johnson & Johnson will, and will cause the surviving corporation
       to:

        - waive all limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and
          waiting periods with respect to participation and coverage
          requirements applicable to such employees to the extent such
          conditions were satisfied under the welfare plans of ALZA and its
          subsidiaries prior to the completion of the merger and

        - provide each such employee with credit for any co-payments and
          deductibles paid prior to the completion of the merger in satisfying
          any analogous deductible or out-of-pocket requirements to the extent
          applicable under such plan.


The ALZA board of directors has adopted resolutions providing as follows with
respect to the ALZA Employee Stock Purchase Plan and Supplemental Employee Stock
Purchase Plan, which we refer to together as the stock purchase plans:

     - no further contributions will be permitted to be made to the stock
       purchase plans following the completion of the merger by any participant
       with respect to any outstanding enrollments in respect of the
       then-current offering periods under the stock purchase plans

     - at the completion of the merger, each outstanding right to purchase
       shares of ALZA common stock under the stock purchase plans will be
       converted into a right to purchase, on the same terms and conditions as
       were applicable under such right, the number of shares of Johnson &
       Johnson common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined
       by multiplying the number of shares of ALZA common stock for which such
       purchase right would otherwise have been exercisable determined as of the
       relevant grant date by the exchange ratio, at a purchase price per share
       equal to 85% of the lesser of (1) the fair market value of a share of
       ALZA common stock on the applicable enrollment date under the stock
       purchase plans, divided by the exchange ratio and (2) the fair market
       value of a share of Johnson & Johnson common stock on the applicable
       purchase date under the stock purchase plans and

     - immediately following the first purchase date under the stock purchase
       plans that occurs following the completion of the merger, the stock
       purchase plans and all then outstanding enrollments in respect of the
       then current offering periods will be terminated.


ALZA has also agreed that:

     - neither ALZA nor any of its subsidiaries will take any action on or prior
       to the completion of the merger to alter, change, modify or impair the
       terms and conditions of employment of any European-based employee without
       the consent of Johnson & Johnson

     - ALZA and its subsidiaries will comply with all obligations to notify and
       consult with recognized employee representatives in connection with the
       transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and

     - prior to the completion of the merger, ALZA will take all steps as may be
       required to cause the disposition of equity securities and derivative
       equity securities of ALZA (including ALZA stock options) in connection
       with the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger
       agreement by each individual who is a director or officer of ALZA, to be
       exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act.


EFFECT ON AWARDS OUTSTANDING UNDER ALZA STOCK PLANS

     Under the merger agreement, when the merger is completed, Johnson & Johnson
will assume each stock plan of ALZA.
Each option to acquire shares of ALZA
common stock under such plans will be converted into an option to acquire
Johnson & Johnson common stock on the same terms and conditions, except that (1)
the number of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock subject to the option
will equal the number of shares of ALZA common stock subject to the option
multiplied by the exchange ratio and rounded down to the nearest whole share and
(2) the exercise price per share of Johnson & Johnson common stock will equal
the aggregate exercise price for the shares of ALZA common stock subject to the
option divided by the total number of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock
to be subject to such option and rounded up to the nearest whole cent; provided,
that the stock purchase rights granted under the stock purchase plans will have
a purchase price determined as provided above under "-- ALZA Employee Benefits
Matters".


RESALE OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON COMMON STOCK

     Johnson & Johnson common stock issued in the merger will not be subject to
any restrictions on transfer arising under the Securities Act of 1933, except
for shares issued to any ALZA stockholder who

may be deemed to be an "affiliate" of ALZA or Johnson & Johnson for purposes of
Rule 145 under the Securities Act or for purposes of qualifying the merger for
pooling of interests accounting treatment.
It is expected that each affiliate
will agree not to transfer any Johnson & Johnson common stock received in the
merger except in compliance with the resale provisions of Rule 144 or 145 under
the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
In
addition, it is expected that each such affiliate will agree not to make any
such disposition within 30 days prior to completion of the merger, and until
after such time as financial results covering at least 30 days of combined
operations of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA after the merger have been published.

The merger agreement requires ALZA to use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause its affiliates to enter into such agreements, and Johnson & Johnson has
agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its affiliates to comply
with the transfer restrictions referred to in the preceding sentence.
In
addition, it is a condition to the completion of the merger that certain
specified persons enter into such agreements.
This proxy statement/prospectus
does not cover resales of Johnson & Johnson common stock received by any person
upon completion of the merger, and no person is authorized to make any use of
this proxy statement/prospectus in connection with any such resale.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     This is a summary of the material provisions of the merger agreement.
The
merger agreement, which is attached as Annex 1 to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference, contains the
complete terms of that agreement.
You should read the entire merger agreement
carefully.

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     CONDITIONS TO JOHNSON & JOHNSON'S AND ALZA'S OBLIGATIONS TO COMPLETE THE
MERGER.  
Each party's obligation to effect the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of various conditions that include, in addition to other
customary closing conditions, the following:

     - the merger agreement has been adopted by the affirmative vote of
       stockholders of ALZA representing a majority of the shares of ALZA common
       stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting

     - the shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock to be issued to:

        - ALZA stockholders upon completion of the merger

        - holders of options to acquire shares of ALZA common stock, which will
          be converted into options to acquire shares of Johnson & Johnson
          common stock, subject to adjustment to reflect the exchange ratio,
          upon exercise of such options and

        - holders of certain convertible securities of ALZA to be assumed by the
          surviving corporation in the merger upon conversion of such securities

       have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to
       official notice of issuance.

     
- the waiting period applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
       Antitrust Improvements Act has expired or has been terminated

     - the European Commission has issued, or has been deemed to have issued, a
       decision under Council Regulation No. 4064/89 of the European Community
       declaring the merger compatible with the Common Market

     - no temporary restraining order, injunction or other court order or
       statute, law, rule, legal restraint or prohibition is in effect that
       prevents the completion of the merger

     - the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy
       statement/prospectus forms a part, has been declared effective by the
       Securities and Exchange Commission and is not the subject of any stop
       order or proceedings seeking a stop order and

     - Johnson & Johnson and ALZA each having received letters dated as of the
       date on which the merger is to be completed from PricewaterhouseCoopers
       LLP and Ernst & Young LLP regarding such firms' concurrence with the
       Johnson & Johnson management's and the ALZA management's conclusions,
       respectively, that, as of the date the merger is completed, no conditions
       exist that would preclude accounting for the merger as a pooling of
       interests transaction under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16
       and applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations
       if the merger is completed in accordance with the merger agreement.

       
CONDITIONS TO JOHNSON & JOHNSON'S OBLIGATION TO COMPLETE THE
       MERGER.  
Johnson & Johnson's obligation to effect the merger is further
subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:

     - the representations and warranties of ALZA relating to (1) the
       capitalization of ALZA and (2) various state takeover statutes and
       provisions of the ALZA certificate of incorporation and the ALZA by-laws
       are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the
       merger agreement

       and as of the closing date of the merger as though made on the closing
       date, or if such representations and warranties expressly relate to an
       earlier date, then as of such date

     - the representations and warranties of ALZA relating to (1) the granting
       of various employee benefits or the entering into various employee
       contracts by ALZA, (2) agreements that may restrict the ability of
       affiliates of ALZA to develop, market or distribute products or services
       and (3) various other agreements that relate to the marketing,
       development, promotion or supply of selected products of ALZA are true
       and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing
       date of the merger as though made on the closing date, or if such
       representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, then
       as of such date, except to the extent that the facts or matters as to
       which such representations and warranties are not so true and correct as
       of such dates, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
       expected to have a material adverse effect on the reasonably expected
       benefits of the merger to Johnson & Johnson

     - all the other representations and warranties of ALZA set forth in the
       merger agreement are true and correct as of the date of the merger
       agreement and as of the closing date of the merger as though made on the
       closing date, or if such representations and warranties expressly relate
       to an earlier date, then as of such date, except to the extent that the
       facts or matters as to which such representations and warranties are not
       so true and correct as of such dates, without giving effect to any
       qualifications or limitations as to materiality or material adverse
       effect set forth in such representations and warranties, individually or
       in the aggregate, have not had and could not reasonably be expected to
       have a material adverse effect on ALZA

     - ALZA has performed in all material respects all obligations required to
       be performed by it under the merger agreement on or prior to the date on
       which the merger is to be completed

     - Johnson & Johnson has received from various identified affiliates of ALZA
       an executed agreement under which those persons agree to restrictions on
       their ability to sell the shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock they
       will receive in the merger and

     - there is no pending or threatened suit, action or proceeding by any
       governmental entity (1) challenging the acquisition by Johnson & Johnson
       of any shares of ALZA common stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit the
       completion of the merger, or seeking to place limitations on the
       ownership of shares of ALZA common stock (or shares of common stock of
       the surviving corporation in the merger) by Johnson & Johnson or seeking
       to obtain from ALZA or Johnson & Johnson any damages that are material in
       relation to ALZA, (2) seeking to prohibit or materially limit the
       ownership or operation by ALZA, Johnson & Johnson or any of their
       respective subsidiaries of any material portion of any business or of any
       assets of ALZA and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and Johnson &
       Johnson and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to compel ALZA,
       Johnson & Johnson or any of their respective subsidiaries to divest or
       hold separate any material portion of business or of any assets of ALZA
       and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and Johnson & Johnson and its
       subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as a result of the merger, (3) seeking to
       prohibit Johnson & Johnson or any of its subsidiaries from effectively
       controlling in any material respect the business or operations of ALZA or
       any of its subsidiaries or (4) otherwise having, or being reasonably
       expected to have, a material adverse effect on ALZA.

     CONDITIONS TO ALZA'S OBLIGATION TO COMPLETE THE MERGER.  
ALZA's obligation
to effect the merger is further subject to satisfaction or waiver of the
following additional conditions:

     - the representations and warranties of Johnson & Johnson and Express
       Merger Sub set forth in the merger agreement that are qualified as to
       materiality are true and correct, and the representations and warranties
       set forth in the merger agreement that are not so qualified are true and
       correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of the
       merger agreement and as of the closing date of the merger as though made
       on the closing date, or if such representations and warranties expressly
       relate to an earlier date, then as of such date, except to the extent
       that the facts or matters as to which such representations and warranties
       are not so true and correct as of such dates, without

       giving effect to any qualifications or limitations as to materiality or
       material adverse effect set forth in such representations and warranties,
       individually or in the aggregate, have not had and could not reasonably
       be expected to have a material adverse effect on Johnson & Johnson

     - Johnson & Johnson and Express Merger Sub have performed in all material
       respects all obligations required to be performed by them under the
       merger agreement on or prior to the date on which the merger is to be
       completed and

     - ALZA has received from Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP, tax counsel
       to ALZA, on the closing date of the merger an opinion dated as of the
       closing date and stating that the merger will be treated for United
       States Federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning
       of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The issuance of this
       opinion is conditioned upon the receipt by such tax counsel of
       representation letters from each of ALZA and Johnson & Johnson.

     
The merger agreement provides that a "material adverse effect" or "material
adverse change" means, when used in connection with ALZA or Johnson & Johnson,
any change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts (or any development or
developments which individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected
to result in any change or effect) that is materially adverse to the business,
properties, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), financial condition
or results of operations of ALZA and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as the case may be,
other than any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development:

     - relating to the economy in general or

     - relating to the industry in which ALZA operates or the industries in
       which Johnson & Johnson operates, as the case may be, in general and not
       specifically relating to ALZA or Johnson & Johnson.

     
ALZA can provide no assurance that all of the conditions precedent to the
merger will be satisfied or waived by the party permitted to do so.
ALZA cannot
at this point determine whether it would resolicit proxies in the event that it
decides to waive any of the items listed above.
This decision would depend upon
the facts and circumstances leading to ALZA's decision to complete the merger
and whether ALZA believes there has been a material change in the terms of the
merger and its effect on ALZA and its stockholders.
In making this
determination, ALZA would consider, among other factors, the reasons for the
waiver, the effect of the waiver on the terms of the merger, whether the
requirement being waived was necessary in order to make the transaction fair to
the stockholders from a financial point of view, the availability of alternative
transactions and the prospects of ALZA as an independent entity.
If ALZA
determines that a waiver of a condition would materially change the terms of the
merger, including the expected qualification of the merger as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, it will
resolicit proxies.


NO SOLICITATION

     The merger agreement provides that ALZA will not, nor will it authorize or
permit any of its subsidiaries, any of their respective directors, officers or
employees or any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or
other advisor, agent or representative retained by it or any of its subsidiaries
to, directly or indirectly through another person:

     - solicit, initiate or encourage, or take any other action to facilitate,
       any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or could
       reasonably be expected to lead to, a takeover proposal, as described
       below, or

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to
       any person any information, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any
       takeover proposal.

     
The merger agreement provides that the term "takeover proposal" means:

     - any proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, dissolution,
       recapitalization or other business combination involving ALZA

     - any proposal for the issuance of 15% or more of the equity securities of
       ALZA as consideration for the assets or securities of another person or

     - any proposal or offer to acquire in any manner, directly or indirectly,
       15% or more of the equity securities of ALZA or assets (including equity
       securities of any subsidiary of ALZA) that represent 15% or more of the
       total consolidated assets of ALZA,

in each case, other than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
or the stock option agreement entered into with Johnson & Johnson.

     
The merger agreement provides further that, notwithstanding the
restrictions described above, if, at any time prior to the time ALZA
stockholders have adopted the merger agreement with Johnson & Johnson:

     - ALZA receives a bona fide written takeover proposal that the ALZA board
       of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with outside
       counsel and a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation,
       constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a superior proposal, as
       described below, and

     - such takeover proposal was unsolicited and made after the date of the
       merger agreement and did not otherwise result from a breach by ALZA of
       the no solicitation provisions described above,

ALZA may, if the ALZA board of directors determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that it is required to do so in order to
comply with its fiduciary duties to the ALZA stockholders under applicable law,
subject to providing prior notice to Johnson & Johnson:

     - furnish information about ALZA and its subsidiaries to the person making
       such takeover proposal under a confidentiality agreement not less
       restrictive than the confidentiality agreement between ALZA and Johnson &
       Johnson, provided that all such information is also provided to Johnson &
       Johnson and

     - participate in discussions or negotiations regarding such takeover
       proposal.

     
The merger agreement provides that the term "superior proposal" means any
bona fide offer made by a third party that if completed would result in such
person (or its shareholders) owning, directly or indirectly, all or
substantially all of the shares of ALZA common stock then outstanding (or of the
surviving entity in a merger or the direct or indirect parent of the surviving
entity in a merger) or all or substantially all the assets of ALZA, which the
ALZA board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with a
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation, to be:

     - more favorable to the ALZA stockholders from a financial point of view
       than the merger, taking into account all the terms and conditions of such
       proposal and the merger agreement with Johnson & Johnson, including any
       changes to the financial terms of the merger proposed by Johnson &
       Johnson in response to such proposal or otherwise and

     - reasonably capable of being completed, taking into account all financial,
       legal, regulatory and other aspects of such proposal.

     
The merger agreement provides further that neither the ALZA board of
directors nor any committee of the ALZA board of directors may:

     - withdraw, or modify in a manner adverse to Johnson & Johnson, or propose
       to withdraw, or modify in a manner adverse to Johnson & Johnson, the
       approval, recommendation or declaration of advisability by the ALZA board
       of directors or such committee of the ALZA board of directors of the
       merger agreement, the stock option agreement or the merger

     - recommend, adopt or approve, or propose publicly to recommend, adopt or
       approve, any takeover proposal or

     - approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, or allow ALZA
       or any of its subsidiaries to execute or enter into, any letter of
       intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, merger
       agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture
       agreement, partnership agreement or other similar agreement related to
       any takeover proposal.

     
Notwithstanding the above, at any time prior to the time ALZA stockholders
have adopted the merger agreement with Johnson & Johnson, the ALZA board of
directors may withdraw its recommendation of the merger agreement, the stock
option agreement and the merger or recommend the approval of a takeover proposal
if the ALZA board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside counsel, that it is required to do so in order to comply with its
fiduciary duties to the ALZA stockholders under applicable law.
No such
withdrawal of the ALZA board of directors' recommendation of the merger
agreement, the stock option agreement and the merger or recommendation of a
takeover proposal in response to a takeover proposal that constitutes a superior
proposal may be made until after the third business day following Johnson &
Johnson's receipt of written notice from ALZA advising Johnson & Johnson that
the ALZA board of directors intends to take such action and specifying the terms
and conditions of such superior proposal.
In determining whether to take such
action, the ALZA board of directors must take into account any changes to the
financial terms of the merger proposed by Johnson & Johnson in response to its
receipt of such notice from ALZA or otherwise.

     
In addition to the no solicitation provisions described above, the merger
agreement provides that ALZA must promptly advise Johnson & Johnson orally and
in writing of any bona fide takeover proposal, the material terms and conditions
of any such takeover proposal and the identity of the person making any such
takeover proposal.
ALZA must keep Johnson & Johnson fully informed of the status
and details, including any changes, of any such takeover proposal or inquiry and
must provide to Johnson & Johnson copies of all correspondence and other written
material sent or provided by any person to ALZA or any of its subsidiaries that
describes any of the terms or conditions of any takeover proposal as soon as
practicable after receipt or delivery of such correspondence or other written
material.

     
Nothing in the merger agreement prohibits the ALZA board of directors from
taking and disclosing to the ALZA stockholders a position contemplated by Rule
14e-2(a) or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act or from making any required disclosure to ALZA stockholders if, in
the good faith judgment of the ALZA board of directors, after consultation with
outside counsel, failure to make such disclosure would constitute a violation of
applicable law, except that in no event may ALZA or its board of directors or
any committee of the ALZA board of directors withdraw its recommendation of the
merger agreement, the stock option agreement or the merger, recommend a takeover
proposal or enter into an agreement regarding a takeover proposal in a manner
prohibited by the no solicitation provisions described above.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective
time of the merger, even if the merger agreement has been adopted by the ALZA
stockholders:

     - by mutual written consent of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA

     - by either Johnson & Johnson or ALZA, if the merger has not been completed
       by December 31, 2001, except that this right to terminate the merger
       agreement will not be available to any party whose action or failure to
       act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the
       merger to be completed on or before that date

     - by either Johnson & Johnson or ALZA, if there exists a restraining order,
       injunction or other court order or statute, law, rule, legal restraint or
       prohibition, in each case that has become final and cannot be appealed
       and which prevents the completion of the merger

     - by either Johnson & Johnson or ALZA, if the ALZA stockholders do not
       adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting

     - by either Johnson & Johnson or ALZA, if the other party has breached or
       failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
       agreements set forth in the merger agreement, which breach or failure to
       perform would give rise to the failure of a condition to the merger and
       has not been or cannot be cured within 30 calendar days following
       receiving written notice from the other party of such breach or failure
       to perform and

     - by Johnson & Johnson, if the ALZA board of directors or any committee of
       the ALZA board of directors withdraws, or modifies in a manner adverse to
       Johnson & Johnson, or proposes to withdraw, or modify in a manner adverse
       to Johnson & Johnson, its approval, recommendation or declaration of
       advisability of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement or the
       merger or recommends, adopts or approves, or proposes publicly to
       recommend, adopt or approve, any takeover proposal.


FEES AND EXPENSES

     GENERAL.  
The merger agreement provides that each party will pay its own
fees and expenses in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, whether or not the merger is completed,
except that Johnson & Johnson and ALZA will each pay one-half of (1) the
expenses incurred in connection with filing, printing and mailing of the
registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part and
(2) the filing fees for the premerger notification and report forms under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and any similar foreign antitrust
laws.

     TERMINATION FEE.  
ALZA must pay to Johnson & Johnson a termination fee of
$180 million in each of the following circumstances:

     - the merger agreement is terminated by Johnson & Johnson pursuant to its
       right described in the last bullet point under "-- Termination of the
       Merger Agreement", if the ALZA board of directors action which gave rise
       to such termination right was made in response to a superior proposal,
       and within 12 months after such termination, ALZA enters into a
       definitive agreement for, or completes, the transactions contemplated by
       any takeover proposal (for purposes of this provision, the term "takeover
       proposal" has the same meaning as described under "-- No Solicitation",
       except that references to 15% are deemed references to 30%) or

     - a takeover proposal is made to ALZA or directly to the ALZA stockholders
       generally or otherwise becomes publicly known or any person publicly
       announces an intention, whether or not conditional, to make a takeover
       proposal, the merger agreement is terminated by either Johnson & Johnson
       or ALZA pursuant to their respective rights described in the second or
       fourth bullet points under "--Termination of the Merger Agreement" and
       within 12 months after such termination, ALZA enters into a definitive
       agreement for, or completes, the transactions contemplated by any
       takeover proposal (for purposes of this provision, the term "takeover
       proposal" has the same meaning as described under "-- No Solicitation",
       except that references to 15% are deemed references to 30%).


CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

     Under the merger agreement, ALZA has agreed that, during the period from
the date of the merger agreement to the effective time of the merger, it will,
and will cause each of its subsidiaries to, carry on its business in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice and in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations and, to the extent consistent with such laws and
regulations, will use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its
current business organizations, keep available the services of its current
officers, employees and consultants and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having
business dealings with it with the intention that its

goodwill and ongoing business will be unimpaired at the effective time of the
merger.
In addition, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during
the period from the date of the merger agreement to the effective time of the
merger, ALZA has agreed that it will not, and will not permit any of its
subsidiaries to, without Johnson & Johnson's prior written consent:

     - declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other
       distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of, any of
       its capital stock, other than dividends or distributions by a direct or
       indirect wholly owned subsidiary of ALZA to its parent

     - split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or
       authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of
       or in substitution for shares of its capital stock

     - purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or
       any other securities of ALZA or any rights, warrants or options to
       acquire any such shares or other securities

     - issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise encumber or subject to
       any lien any shares of its capital stock, any other voting securities or
       any securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to
       acquire, any such shares, voting securities or convertible securities, or
       any "phantom" stock, "phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation rights or
       stock based performance units, other than:

        - the issuance of shares of ALZA common stock upon the exercise of
          options to acquire ALZA common stock outstanding on the date of the
          merger agreement or granted after the date of the merger agreement in
          accordance with the last sub-bullet below in accordance with their
          terms on the date of the merger agreement or on the date of grant, if
          later

        - the issuance of shares of ALZA common stock upon the conversion of the
          convertible notes outstanding on the date of the merger agreement in
          accordance with their terms on the date of the merger agreement

        - the issuance of shares of ALZA common stock pursuant to an exercise of
          the option granted under the stock option agreement or

        - the grant to newly hired or promoted employees of options to acquire
          shares of ALZA common stock and, after consultation with Johnson &
          Johnson, the grant to existing employees of options to acquire shares
          of ALZA common stock consisting of ALZA's annual option grants, in
          either case in accordance with ALZA's ordinary course of business
          consistent with ALZA's guidelines in respect of option grants

     - amend the ALZA certificate of incorporation or the ALZA by-laws or other
       comparable charter or organizational documents

     - directly or indirectly acquire (1) by merging or consolidating with, or
       by purchasing assets of, or by any other manner, any person or division,
       business or equity interest of any corporation, partnership or other
       business organization or (2) any assets that, individually, have a
       purchase price in excess of $3,000,000 or, in the aggregate, have a
       purchase price in excess of $15,000,000, except for purchases of raw
       materials or supplies in the ordinary course of business consistent with
       past practice

     - sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell and leaseback or otherwise encumber
       or subject to any lien or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or
       other assets or any interests therein (including securitizations), except
       for sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with
       past practice

     - incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
       indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or
       warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of ALZA or any of
       its subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities of another person, enter
       into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any financial
       statement condition of another person or enter

       into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing,
       except for short-term borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of
       business consistent with past practice

     - make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in,
       any other person, other than in the ordinary course of business
       consistent with past practice or to or in any direct or indirect wholly
       owned subsidiary of ALZA

     - except for projects contemplated in ALZA's 2001 capital assets budget,
       make any new capital expenditure or expenditures which, individually, is
       in excess of $2,000,000 or, in the aggregate, are in excess of
       $10,000,000

     - pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities, obligations or
       litigation (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
       otherwise), other than the payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction
       in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or in
       accordance with their terms, of liabilities disclosed, reflected or
       reserved against in the most recent financial statements of ALZA (or the
       notes thereto) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or
       incurred since the date of such financial statements in the ordinary
       course of business consistent with past practice, cancel any material
       indebtedness, waive or assign any claims or rights of substantial value,
       waive any benefits of, or agree to modify in any respect, any standstill
       or similar agreement to which ALZA or any of its subsidiaries is a party
       or, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice, waive any material benefit of, or agree to modify in any
       material respect, any confidentiality or similar agreement to which ALZA
       or any of its subsidiaries is a party

     - except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
       modify, amend or terminate any material contract or agreement to which
       ALZA or any of its subsidiaries is a party or waive, release or assign
       any material rights or claims thereunder

     - enter into any contracts, agreements, binding arrangements or
       understandings relating to the research, development, distribution,
       supply, license, co-promotion or manufacturing by third parties of
       products of ALZA or any subsidiary of ALZA or products licensed by ALZA
       or any subsidiary of ALZA, other than:

        - under any such contracts, agreements, arrangements or understandings
          currently in place in accordance with their terms as of the date of
          the merger agreement

        - contracts, agreements, binding arrangements or understandings relating
          to research or development or under which ALZA or any of its
          subsidiaries obtains the supply of ingredients or components of
          products, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business
          consistent with past practice and that do not provide for the grant of
          any licenses or marketing rights under any intellectual property
          rights of ALZA or any of its subsidiaries and

        - contracts, agreements, binding arrangements or understandings relating
          to research or development entered into in the ordinary course of
          business consistent with past practice and any license agreements or
          arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business
          consistent with past practice in connection therewith, provided that
          ALZA or the applicable subsidiary of ALZA consults with Johnson &
          Johnson a reasonable period of time prior to entering into any such
          contract, agreement, binding arrangement or understanding and such
          associated license agreement or arrangement is limited to the use of
          ALZA's intellectual property rights in the field of drug delivery in
          conjunction with any substance, material, chemical, formulation or
          composition which contains as an active ingredient a compound, protein
          or other biological material that is proprietary to the licensee
          thereunder

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, adopt, enter into, terminate or amend in
       any material respect any collective bargaining agreement or benefit plan
       or any benefit agreement or other agreement, plan or policy involving

       ALZA or any of its subsidiaries and one or more of their respective
       current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, increase in any manner the compensation,
       bonus or fringe or other benefits of, or pay any bonus to, any current or
       former director, officer, employee or consultant, except for normal
       increases of cash compensation, cash bonuses or fringe benefits or
       perquisites in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice that, in the aggregate, do not materially increase the benefits
       or compensation expenses of ALZA and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, pay any benefit or amount not required
       under any benefit plan or benefit agreement or any other benefit
       arrangement of ALZA or any of its subsidiaries as in effect on the date
       of the merger agreement

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, increase in any material manner the
       severance or termination pay of any current or former director, officer
       or key employee of ALZA or any of its subsidiaries or increase the
       severance or termination pay of any other employees of ALZA or any of its
       subsidiaries in a manner that results in the aggregate in any material
       increase in the severance or termination pay expenses of ALZA and its
       subsidiaries

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, grant any awards under any bonus,
       incentive, performance or other compensation plan or arrangement or
       benefit plan

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, amend or modify any stock option

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, take any action to fund or in any other
       way secure the payment of compensation or benefits under any employee
       plan, agreement, contract or arrangement or benefit plan

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, take any action to accelerate the vesting
       or payment of any compensation or benefit under any benefit plan, other
       than non-discretionary actions required by the terms of any existing
       plans, agreements, contracts, arrangements or benefit plans

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required
       to comply with applicable law, materially change any actuarial or other
       assumption used to calculate funding obligations with respect to any
       pension plan or change the manner in which contributions to any pension
       plan are made or the basis on which such contributions are determined

     - except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement, enter into any
       agreement of a nature that would be required to be filed as an exhibit to
       Form 10-K under the Securities Exchange Act

     - revalue any material assets of ALZA or any of its subsidiaries or, except
       as required by generally accepted accounting principles, make any change
       in accounting methods, principles or practices

     - other than license agreements or arrangements permitted under the merger
       agreement, sell, transfer or license to any person or otherwise extend,
       amend or modify any rights relating to the intellectual property rights
       of ALZA or any of its subsidiaries or

     - authorize any of, or commit, propose or agree to take any of, the
       foregoing actions.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties
relating to, among other things:

     - corporate organization and similar corporate matters of Johnson &
       Johnson, Express Merger Sub and ALZA

     - capital structure of Johnson & Johnson, Express Merger Sub and ALZA

     - obligations with respect to capital stock of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA

     - authorization, execution, delivery, performance and enforceability of,
       and required consents, approvals, orders and authorizations of
       governmental authorities relating to, the merger agreement and related
       matters of Johnson & Johnson, Express Merger Sub and ALZA

     - approval by the ALZA board of directors of the merger agreement, the
       stock option agreement and related transactions

     - documents filed by each of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA with the Securities
       and Exchange Commission and the accuracy of information contained in such
       documents

     - absence of undisclosed liabilities of ALZA

     - accuracy of information supplied by each of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA in
       connection with this proxy statement/prospectus and the registration
       statement of which it is a part

     - absence of material changes or events concerning Johnson & Johnson and
       ALZA

     - pending or threatened material litigation of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA

     - certain contracts and agreements of ALZA, including agreements that
       relate to the marketing, development, promotion or supply of selected
       products of ALZA

     - compliance with applicable laws, including environmental laws, by ALZA

     - absence of changes in benefit plans and labor relations matters of ALZA

     - matters relating to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act for ALZA

     - absence of excess parachute payments to any director, officer, employee
       or consultant of ALZA or its affiliates

     - filing of tax returns and payment of taxes by ALZA

     - title to ALZA's properties and ALZA's compliance with the terms of its
       material leases

     - intellectual property rights of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA

     - required stockholder vote of ALZA and no required stockholder vote of
       Johnson & Johnson

     - satisfaction of the requirements of certain state takeover statutes and
       provisions of the ALZA certificate of incorporation and the ALZA by-laws
       by ALZA

     - engagement and payment of fees of brokers, investment bankers, finders
       and financial advisors of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA

     - receipt of fairness opinions by ALZA from its financial advisors

     - the absence of actions by Johnson & Johnson and ALZA that would prevent
       using the pooling of interests method to account for the merger

     - absence of actions by ALZA, Johnson & Johnson and Express Merger Sub that
       would prevent the merger from qualifying as a tax-free reorganization for
       Federal income tax purposes

     - applicability of the rights agreement between ALZA and Fleet National
       Bank (formerly BankBoston, N.A.)

     - compliance by Johnson & Johnson and ALZA with applicable regulatory and
       governmental requirements

     - amendment of the grantor trust agreement between ALZA and Wachovia Bank,
       N.A.

     - organization and operations of Express Merger Sub and

     - Johnson & Johnson common stock to be issued in the merger.


CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

     The merger agreement provides that the certificate of incorporation of the
surviving corporation will be amended to read in its entirety as set forth in
Exhibit A to the merger agreement and, as so amended, will be the certificate of
incorporation of the surviving corporation until changed or amended.
The merger
agreement further provides that the by-laws of Express Merger Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the completion of the merger, will be the by-laws of the
surviving corporation until changed or amended.
For a summary of certain
provisions of the current ALZA certificate of incorporation, by-laws and the
associated rights of ALZA stockholders, see "Comparison of Rights of Common
Stockholders of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA".


AMENDMENT; EXTENSION AND WAIVER

     Subject to applicable law:

     - the merger agreement may be amended by mutual consent of the parties in
       writing at any time, except that after the merger agreement has been
       adopted by the stockholders of ALZA, no amendment may be entered into
       which requires further approval by ALZA stockholders or requires the
       approval of stockholders of Johnson & Johnson unless such approval is
       obtained and

     - at any time prior to the effective time of the merger, a party may, by
       written instrument signed on behalf of such party;

        - extend the time for performance of any of the obligations or other
          acts of any other party to the merger agreement

        - waive inaccuracies in representations and warranties of any other
          party contained in the merger agreement or in any related document or

        - waive compliance by any other party with any agreements or conditions
          in the merger agreement, except that no such waiver may be made after
          the merger agreement has been adopted by the stockholders of ALZA
          which requires further approval by ALZA stockholders or requires the
          approval of stockholders of Johnson & Johnson unless such approval is
          obtained.

                           
THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

     This is a summary of the material provisions of the stock option agreement.

The stock option agreement, which is attached as Annex 2 to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference, contains the
complete terms of that agreement.
You should read the entire stock option
agreement carefully.


GENERAL

     Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement,
Johnson & Johnson and ALZA entered into a stock option agreement under which
ALZA granted Johnson & Johnson an option to purchase up to 47,466,356 shares of
ALZA common stock, at a price per share of $41.84, under certain conditions that
are described below.


EXERCISE OF THE OPTION

     Except as described below, the option is exercisable by Johnson & Johnson
at any time after the occurrence of any event as a result of which Johnson &
Johnson is entitled to receive the termination fee under the merger agreement.

The right to purchase shares under the ALZA stock option agreement will expire
upon the first to occur of:

     - the effective time of the merger

     - 12 months after the first occurrence of any event as a result of which
       Johnson & Johnson is entitled to receive the termination fee under the
       merger agreement and

     - termination of the merger agreement prior to the occurrence of any event
       as a result of which Johnson & Johnson is entitled to receive the
       termination fee, unless Johnson & Johnson has the right to receive such
       termination fee upon the occurrence of certain events, in which case the
       option will not terminate until the later of (1) ten business days
       following the time such termination fee becomes payable and (2) the
       expiration of the period during which Johnson & Johnson has the right to
       receive a termination fee.

     
Any purchase of shares upon the exercise of the option is subject to
compliance with the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and the
obtaining or making of any governmental or regulatory consents, approvals,
orders, notifications, filings or authorizations, the failure of which to have
obtained or made would make the issuance of shares subject to the option
illegal.
If the option has been exercised before its termination, Johnson &
Johnson will be entitled to purchase the option shares and the termination of
the option will not affect any rights under the stock option agreement.
If
Johnson & Johnson receives notice that a regulatory approval required for the
purchase of any option shares under the option will not be issued or granted or
such regulatory approval has not been issued or granted within six months of the
date of the exercise notice, Johnson & Johnson will have the right to exercise
its cash-out right with respect to the option shares for which such regulatory
approval will not be issued or granted or has not been issued or granted.

ADJUSTMENTS TO NUMBER AND TYPE OF SHARES

     The number and type of securities subject to the option and the purchase
price will be adjusted for any change in the common stock subject to the option
by reason of a stock dividend, split-up, merger, recapitalization, combination,
exchange of shares or similar transaction, such that Johnson & Johnson will
receive, upon exercise of the option, the number and type of securities that it
would have received if the option had been exercised immediately before the
occurrence of such event, or the record date of such event.
If any additional
shares of ALZA common stock are issued after the date of the stock option
agreement, or if the number of outstanding shares of ALZA common stock is
reduced, the number of shares of ALZA common stock subject to the option will be
adjusted so that, after such issuance or reduction, it equals the same
percentage of the aggregate number of issued and outstanding shares of ALZA
common stock as it did prior to such issuance or reduction.
The agreement
provides further that in

no event may the number of shares of ALZA common stock subject to the option
exceed 19.9% of the issued and outstanding shares of ALZA common stock at the
time of exercise of the option not including the shares issued pursuant to such
exercise.

     
If ALZA agrees to (1) consolidate with or merge into any person other than
Johnson & Johnson or one of its subsidiaries, (2) permit any person other than
Johnson & Johnson or one of its subsidiaries to merge into it or (3) sell or
otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any person other
than Johnson & Johnson or one of its subsidiaries, then the agreement governing
that transaction must provide that the option will, upon the completion of such
transaction, be converted into or exchanged for an option to acquire the number
and class of shares or other securities or property Johnson & Johnson would have
received in respect of ALZA common stock if the option had been exercised
immediately prior to such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer, or the record
date of such event.


CASH PAYMENTS FOR THE OPTION

     Instead of purchasing shares of common stock under the option, Johnson &
Johnson may exercise its right to have ALZA pay to Johnson & Johnson an amount
per share of ALZA common stock equal to the number of shares of ALZA's common
stock subject to the option multiplied by the difference between:

     - the average closing price on the New York Stock Exchange of shares of
       ALZA's common stock for the 10 trading days commencing on the 12th
       trading day immediately preceding the date on which Johnson & Johnson
       notifies ALZA of its exercise of the option and

     - the per share exercise price of the option.


LIMITATION ON TOTAL PROFIT

     In addition, the stock option agreement provides that in no event will
Johnson & Johnson's total profit from the option exceed $180 million in the
aggregate and, if Johnson & Johnson's total profit from the option would
otherwise exceed such amount, Johnson & Johnson is required to:

     - reduce the number of shares of common stock subject to the option

     - deliver to ALZA for cancelation shares of ALZA common stock previously
       purchased by Johnson & Johnson

     - pay cash to ALZA or

     - do any combination of the foregoing, so that Johnson & Johnson's total
       profit from the option does not exceed $180 million after taking into
       account the foregoing actions.


REGISTRATION RIGHTS AND LISTING

     Johnson & Johnson has certain rights to require registration by ALZA of any
shares purchased under the option under the securities laws if necessary for
Johnson & Johnson to be able to sell such shares and to require the listing of
such shares on the New York Stock Exchange or other national securities exchange
or national securities quotation system.


ASSIGNABILITY

     The stock option agreement may not be assigned or delegated by Johnson &
Johnson or ALZA without the prior written consent of the other.
Shares of ALZA
common stock received by Johnson & Johnson pursuant to an exercise of the option
may not be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of except in an
underwritten public offering or to a purchaser or transferee who would not,
immediately after such sale, assignment, transfer or disposal, beneficially own
more than 5.0% of the outstanding voting power of ALZA stockholders; provided,
however, that Johnson & Johnson is permitted to sell any shares if the sale is
made in connection with a tender or exchange offer that has been approved or
recommended by a majority of the ALZA board of directors.


EFFECT OF STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

     The stock option agreement is intended to increase the likelihood that the
merger will be completed on the terms set forth in the merger agreement.

Consequently, certain aspects of the stock option agreement may discourage
persons who might now or prior to the effective time of the merger be interested
in acquiring all or a significant interest in ALZA from considering or proposing
such an acquisition, even if such persons were prepared to offer higher
consideration per share for ALZA common stock than that implicit in the 0.49
exchange ratio or a higher price per share for ALZA common stock than the market
price.

                     
COMPARATIVE STOCK PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

     Johnson & Johnson common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock
Exchange under the trading symbol "JNJ" and ALZA common stock is listed for
trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol "AZA".
The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, dividends declared and
the high and low sales prices per share of Johnson & Johnson common stock and of
ALZA common stock as reported by the Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
The prices of
ALZA common stock have been adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock split
effected in November 2000.
For current price information, ALZA stockholders are
urged to consult publicly available sources.

                                         
JOHNSON & JOHNSON
                                            COMMON STOCK                   ALZA COMMON STOCK
                                   ------------------------------    -----------------------------
                                                        DIVIDENDS                        DIVIDENDS
CALENDAR PERIOD                     HIGH       LOW      DECLARED      HIGH      LOW      DECLARED
- ---------------                    -------    
------    ---------    
------    ------    
---------

  First Quarter..................  $ 62.75    $48.63      $0.19      $15.69    $12.38         --
  Second Quarter.................    
66.88     51.13       0.22       15.69     12.75         --
  Third Quarter..................    
65.88     55.13       0.22       16.25     14.03         --
  Fourth Quarter.................    67.31     52.63       0.22       15.91     12.44         --

  First Quarter..................    
76.44     63.38       0.22       22.79     15.44         --
  Second Quarter.................    77.88     67.06       0.25       26.44     20.25         --
  Third Quarter..................    80.81     68.13       0.25       22.75     16.88         --
  Fourth Quarter.................    89.75     72.63       0.25       27.00     19.28         --

  First Quarter..................    94.00     77.00       0.25       27.88     18.91         --
  Second Quarter.................   103.00     87.81       0.28       25.53     15.50         --
  Third Quarter..................   105.88     90.00       0.28       26.78     20.84         --
  Fourth Quarter.................   
106.88     90.13       0.28       24.81     14.81         --

  First Quarter..................    96.94     66.13       0.28       19.75     15.94         --
  Second Quarter.................   101.88     70.00       0.32       30.81     18.50         --
  Third Quarter..................   
101.44     90.25       0.32       44.28     27.97         --
  Fourth Quarter.................   105.94     89.19       0.32       47.00     35.50         --

  First Quarter..................   104.69     80.50       0.32       44.75     26.20         --
  Second Quarter (through
     --, 2001)...................       --        --         --          --        --         --

     The following table sets forth the high, low and last reported sales prices
per share of Johnson & Johnson common stock and of ALZA common stock as reported
by the Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and the market value of a share of ALZA common
stock on an equivalent per share basis, in each case on March 26, 2001, the last
full trading day prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger, and on
- --, 2001, the last practicable trading day before the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus.
The equivalent price per share data for ALZA common stock
has been determined by multiplying the last reported sale price of a share of
Johnson & Johnson common stock on each of these dates by the exchange ratio of
0.49.

                                    
JOHNSON & JOHNSON                    ALZA               EQUIVALENT PRICE
                                       COMMON STOCK                  COMMON STOCK             PER SHARE OF
                                --------------------------    --------------------------          ALZA
                                 HIGH      LOW      CLOSE      HIGH      LOW      CLOSE       COMMON STOCK
                                ------    ------    ------    ------    ------    ------    ----------------

March 26, 2001................  $87.50    $85.02    $85.38    $38.85    $36.85    $38.75         $41.84
- --, 2001......................      --        --        --        --        --        --             --

                 DESCRIPTION OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON CAPITAL STOCK

     
The following summary of the capital stock of Johnson & Johnson is subject
in all respects to applicable New Jersey law, the Johnson & Johnson restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended, and the Johnson & Johnson by-laws.
See
"Comparison of Rights of Common Stockholders of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA" on
page 56 and "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 68.

     
The total authorized shares of capital stock of Johnson & Johnson consist
of (1) 2,160,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and (2)
2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value.
At the close of business
on --, 2001, approximately -- shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock were
issued and outstanding and no shares of Johnson & Johnson preferred stock were
issued and outstanding.

     
The Johnson & Johnson board of directors is authorized to provide for the
issuance from time to time of Johnson & Johnson preferred stock in series and,
as to each series, to fix the designation, the dividend rate and the
preferences, if any, which dividends on that series will have compared to any
other class or series of capital stock of Johnson & Johnson, the voting rights,
if any, the voluntary and involuntary liquidation prices, the conversion or
exchange privileges, if any, applicable to that series and the redemption price
or prices and the other terms of redemption, if any, applicable to that series.

Cumulative dividends, dividend preferences and conversion, exchange and
redemption provisions, to the extent that some or all of these features may be
present when shares of Johnson & Johnson preferred stock are issued, could have
an adverse effect on the availability of earnings for distribution to the
holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock or for other corporate purposes.

                  
COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS
                         OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND ALZA

     Johnson & Johnson is a New Jersey corporation subject to the provisions of
the New Jersey Business Corporation Act, which we refer to as New Jersey law.

ALZA is a Delaware corporation subject to the provisions of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which we refer to as Delaware law.

ALZA stockholders, whose rights are currently governed by the ALZA certificate
of incorporation, the ALZA by-laws and Delaware law, will, upon completion of
the merger, become stockholders of Johnson & Johnson and their rights will be
governed by the Johnson & Johnson certificate of incorporation, the Johnson &
Johnson by-laws and New Jersey law.

     
The following description summarizes the material differences that may
affect the rights of stockholders of Johnson & Johnson and ALZA but does not
purport to be a complete statement of all those differences, or a complete
description of the specific provisions referred to in this summary.
The
identification of specific differences is not intended to indicate that other
equally or more significant differences do not exist.
Stockholders should read
carefully the relevant provisions of New Jersey law, Delaware law, the Johnson &
Johnson certificate of incorporation, the Johnson & Johnson by-laws, the ALZA
certificate of incorporation and the ALZA by-laws.


CAPITALIZATION

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Johnson & Johnson's authorized capital stock is described under
"Description of Johnson & Johnson Capital Stock".

     
ALZA

     The total authorized shares of capital stock of ALZA consist of (1)
1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.005 per share, and (2)
100,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.
On the close of
business on --, 2001, approximately -- shares of ALZA common stock were issued
and outstanding and no shares of ALZA preferred stock were issued and
outstanding.

     
The ALZA certificate of incorporation provides that shares of ALZA
preferred stock may be issued as a class, without series or, if so determined
from time to time by the ALZA board of directors, in one or more series.
The
ALZA certificate of incorporation further provides that shares of ALZA preferred
stock, and each series thereof, will have the voting powers and other rights,
privileges, preferences and restrictions as set forth in the resolution of the
ALZA board of directors providing for the issuance of the shares of ALZA
preferred stock.
The ALZA board of directors is expressly authorized to fix or
alter any and all the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions and other
terms of the ALZA preferred stock and any series thereof, and the number of
shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof and to increase
or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of
shares of such series, but not below the number of shares of such series then
outstanding.

NUMBER, ELECTION, VACANCY AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     The Johnson & Johnson certificate of incorporation and the Johnson &
Johnson by-laws provide that the total number of Johnson & Johnson directors
will be not less than nine nor more than 18, as determined by the Johnson &
Johnson board of directors from time to time.
Johnson & Johnson currently has 15
directors.
All directors are elected at each annual meeting of stockholders to
serve until the next annual meeting.
The Johnson & Johnson by-laws do not
provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors.
The Johnson &
Johnson by-laws provide that vacancies on the Johnson & Johnson board of
directors will be filled by appointment made by a majority vote of the remaining
directors.
The Johnson & Johnson certificate of incorporation and the Johnson &
Johnson by-laws provide that directors may be removed, with cause, by a majority
vote of the stockholders.

     
ALZA

     The ALZA by-laws provide that the number of directors of ALZA is eight, but
may be increased or decreased from time to time either by a resolution or by-law
duly adopted by the ALZA board of directors.
The ALZA certificate of
incorporation and by-laws provide that the ALZA board of directors will be
divided into three classes, which shall be as nearly equal in number as
possible.
Each director serves for a term ending on the date of the third annual
meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting at which the director was
elected.
The ALZA by-laws provide that any director may be removed from office,
only with cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote in
an election of directors.
The ALZA certificate of incorporation and by-laws
provide that in the event of any increase or decrease in the authorized number
of directors, any newly-created or eliminated directorships resulting from such
increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the ALZA board of directors among
the three classes of directors so as to maintain such classes as nearly equal in
number as possible.
No decrease in the number of directors constituting the ALZA
board of directors will shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Newly-created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of
directors and any vacancies on the ALZA board of directors resulting from death,
resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause shall be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office (and
not by stockholders), even though less than a quorum of the ALZA board of
directors.
Any director elected in accordance with the immediately preceding
sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of
directors in which the new directorship was created or the vacancy occurred and
until such director's successor shall have been elected and qualified.


AMENDMENTS TO CHARTER DOCUMENTS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Under New Jersey law, a proposed amendment to a corporation's certificate
of incorporation requires approval by its board of directors and an affirmative
vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote
on the amendment, unless a specific provision of New Jersey law or the
corporation's certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.
The Johnson &
Johnson certificate of incorporation provides that if any class or series of
shares is entitled to vote thereon as a class, the affirmative vote of a
majority of the votes cast in each class is required.
The Johnson & Johnson
certificate of incorporation also provides that the affirmative vote of the
holders of not less than 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of
all then outstanding shares of voting stock, voting together as a single class,
and the affirmative vote of a majority of the combined votes entitled to be cast
by "disinterested stockholders" voting together as a single class is required to
amend, repeal or adopt provisions inconsistent with Article Eight of the Johnson
& Johnson certificate of incorporation which relates to business combinations
with interested parties, unless the amendment, repeal or adoption is unanimously
recommended by the Johnson & Johnson board of directors if none of its directors
are affiliates or associates of any interested stockholder.

     
ALZA

     Under Delaware law, an amendment to the certificate of incorporation of a
corporation requires the approval of the board of directors and the approval of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote upon the
proposed amendment.
The holders of the outstanding shares of a class are
entitled to vote as a separate class on a proposed amendment that would:

     - increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of the
       class

     - increase or decrease the par value of the shares of the class or

     - alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares
       of the class, so as to affect them adversely.

     
If any proposed amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or
special rights of one or more series of any class so as to affect them
adversely, but would not so affect the entire class, then only the shares of the
series so affected by the amendment will be considered a separate class.

     
The ALZA certificate of incorporation provides that ALZA reserves the right
to amend and repeal any provision contained in the ALZA certificate of
incorporation, and to take other corporate action to the extent and in the
manner permitted or prescribed by Delaware law, subject to the provisions of
Article 5(g) of the ALZA certificate of incorporation, which contains provisions
requiring the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the ALZA board of
directors or the affirmative vote of not less than 80% of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of ALZA entitled to vote in an election of directors to amend
Article 5 of the ALZA certificate of incorporation, which contains provisions
relating to the ALZA board of directors, and Article 10 of the ALZA certificate
of incorporation, which contains provisions regarding certain transactions.

AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Under New Jersey law, the Johnson & Johnson certificate of incorporation
and the Johnson & Johnson by-laws, the Johnson & Johnson by-laws generally may
be amended or repealed in whole or in part by the stockholders at a regular or
special meeting of the stockholders or by the Johnson & Johnson board of
directors at a regular or special meeting of the board of directors, if notice
of the proposed amendment is contained in the notice of such meeting, except
that a by-law adopted or amended by the Johnson & Johnson board of directors may
be superseded by stockholder action and that stockholder action may preempt any
further action by the Johnson & Johnson board of directors with respect to that
by-law provision.

     
ALZA

     Under Delaware law, unless a corporation's certificate of incorporation
provides otherwise, the stockholders entitled to vote have the power to adopt,
amend or repeal the corporation's by-laws.
The ALZA certificate of incorporation
provides that in furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by
Delaware law, the ALZA board of directors and ALZA stockholders are each
expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the ALZA by-laws subject to any
particular provisions concerning amendments set forth in the ALZA certificate of
incorporation or by-laws.
The ALZA by-laws provide that by-laws may be amended
or repealed or new by-laws may be adopted by ALZA stockholders or the ALZA board
or directors, except that no provision of Section 10 of the ALZA by-laws, which
contains provisions regarding certain transactions, may be amended except in
accordance with such Section 10 and no provision of Sections 16 of the ALZA
by-laws, which contains provisions regarding the number, classification and term
of directors, and no provision of Section 19 of the ALZA by-laws, which contains
provisions regarding newly-created directorships and vacancies of the ALZA board
of directors, may be amended or repealed except by resolution adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the ALZA board of directors or the
affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 80% of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of ALZA entitled to vote in an election of directors.


ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Under New Jersey law, any action required or permitted to be taken at a
meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and
without a vote, upon the written consent of stockholders who would have been
entitled to cast the minimum number of votes which would be necessary to
authorize the action at a meeting at which all stockholders entitled to vote
thereon were present and voting; provided, however, that in case of an annual
meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, any consent in writing
must be unanimous.

     
ALZA

     Under the ALZA certificate of incorporation, action required to be taken by
stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of
stockholders and may not be effected by any consent in writing of such
stockholders.


NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER ACTIONS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     New Jersey law and the Johnson & Johnson by-laws provide that written
notice of the time, place and purpose or purposes of every meeting of
stockholders must be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the
date of the meeting, either personally or by mail, telegram or telex, to each
stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
The Johnson & Johnson
by-laws further provide that the only matters that may be considered and acted
upon at an annual meeting of stockholders are those matters brought before the
meeting:

     - through the notice of meeting

     - by the Johnson & Johnson board of directors or

     - by a stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.


Generally, the Johnson & Johnson by-laws require a stockholder who intends to
bring matters before an annual meeting to provide advance notice of such
intended action not less than 120 days prior to the date of the proxy statement
relating to the prior year's annual meeting.
The notice must contain a brief
description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and must
identify any personal or other material interest of the stockholder in such
proposed business.
The person presiding at the meeting will have the discretion
to determine whether any item of business was brought before such meeting in
compliance with the above procedures.

     
ALZA

     The ALZA by-laws provide that a written notice of the place, date and time
of all meetings of stockholders shall be given not less than 10 days nor more
than 60 days before the date of any such meeting to each stockholder entitled to
vote at such meeting, except in the case of a stockholder meeting where
stockholders will vote on a merger of ALZA, in which case Delaware law requires
notice to be provided to each stockholder not less than 20 days prior to the
meeting.
The ALZA by-laws further provide that the only matters that may be
considered and acted upon at an annual meeting of stockholders are those matters
brought before the meeting:

     - through the notice of meeting

     - by the ALZA board of directors or

     - by a stockholder of ALZA upon proper written notice.


Such notice shall set forth the name and address of the person advancing the
proposal, any material interest of such person in the proposal and such other
information concerning the person making such proposal and the proposal itself
as would be required by the appropriate rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission to be included in a proxy statement soliciting proxies
for the proposal.
In order to be timely, a notice by an ALZA stockholder of
proposals shall be delivered to the Secretary of ALZA not later than 75 days
prior to the first anniversary of the date on which ALZA first mailed its proxy
materials for the preceding year's annual meeting of stockholders, except that
if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to, or
delayed by more than 30 days after, the anniversary of the preceding year's
annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not
later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such
annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of
the date of such meeting is first made.


SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Under the Johnson & Johnson by-laws, a special meeting of the stockholders
may be called at any time by the chairman of the Johnson & Johnson board of
directors, a vice-chairman of the Johnson & Johnson board of directors, the
chairman of the executive committee, a vice-chairman of the executive committee,
the president or by a majority of the Johnson & Johnson board of directors, and
may be held on the business day and place stated in the notice of the meeting.

     
In addition, New Jersey law provides that holders of not less than 10% of
all shares entitled to vote at a meeting may apply to the New Jersey Superior
Court to request that a special meeting of the stockholders be called for good
cause shown.
At such a meeting, the stockholders present in person or by proxy
will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business described in such
order.

     
ALZA

     Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the
board of directors or by other persons authorized by the certificate of
incorporation or the by-laws.
The ALZA by-laws provide that special meetings of
the stockholders may only be called by the ALZA board of directors, the chairman
of the ALZA board of directors or the president of ALZA.


STOCKHOLDER INSPECTION RIGHTS; STOCKHOLDER LISTS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Under New Jersey law, a stockholder who has been a stockholder for at least
six months or who holds, or is authorized in writing by holders of, at least 5%
of the outstanding shares of any class or series of stock of a corporation has
the right, for any proper purpose and upon at least five days' written notice,
to inspect in person or by agent or attorney the minutes of the proceedings of
the corporation's stockholders and its record of stockholders.
Irrespective of
the period such stockholder has held his, her or its stock or the amount of
stock such stockholder holds, a court may, upon proof of proper purpose, compel
production for examination by the stockholder of the books and records of
account, minutes and record of stockholders of Johnson & Johnson.

     
ALZA

     Under Delaware law, any stockholder, in person or by attorney or other
agent, may, upon written demand given under oath and stating the purpose
thereof, inspect for any proper purpose ALZA's stock ledger, a list of its
stockholders and its other books and records.
A proper purpose is a purpose
reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder.
A complete list
of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders must be open to
the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, for
a period of at least 10 days prior to such meeting.
The list must also be kept
at the place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected
by any stockholder who is present.

LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Under New Jersey law, a corporation may indemnify a director or officer
against his or her expenses and liabilities in connection with any proceeding
involving the director or officer by reason of his or her being or having been a
director or officer, other than a proceeding by or in the right of the
corporation, if:

     - the director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner he or she
       reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
       corporation and

     - with respect to any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had no
       reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.

     
The Johnson & Johnson certificate of incorporation provides that, to the
full extent permitted under New Jersey law, no director or officer of Johnson &
Johnson will be personally liable to Johnson & Johnson or its stockholders for
damages for breach of any duty owed to Johnson & Johnson or its stockholders.

     
The Johnson & Johnson by-laws provide that to the full extent permitted
under New Jersey law, Johnson & Johnson will indemnify any person who was or is
involved in any manner in any threatened, pending or completed investigation,
claim, action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative,
arbitrative, legislative or investigative, or who is threatened with being so
involved, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer
of Johnson & Johnson or, while serving as a director or officer of Johnson &
Johnson, is or was at the request of Johnson & Johnson also serving as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, against all expenses (including attorneys'
fees), judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes and amounts paid in settlement
actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such proceeding.

     
Johnson & Johnson enters into indemnification agreements with its directors
and officers and enters into insurance agreements on its own behalf.

     
ALZA

     The ALZA certificate of incorporation provides that no director shall be
held personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages
of any kind for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability:

     - for any breach of a director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
       stockholders

     - for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law

     - statutory liability for unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock
       purchase or redemption or

     - for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
       benefit.

     
The ALZA certificate of incorporation provides that each person who was or
is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any
action, suit or proceeding whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, because he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal
representative, is or was a director or officer of ALZA or is or was serving at
the request of ALZA as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
(including service with respect to employee benefit plans), whether the basis of
the proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer,
employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer,
employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by ALZA to the fullest
extent authorized by Delaware law, as the same exists or may be amended, but, in
the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits
ALZA to provide broader indemnification rights than Delaware law permitted ALZA
to provide before such amendment, against all expense, liability and loss
reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith, except
that ALZA will indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection
with a proceeding initiated by such person only if the proceeding was authorized
by the ALZA board of directors.
Such indemnification shall continue as to a
person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and will
inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators.

     
The right to indemnification conferred by the ALZA certificate of
incorporation is a contract right which may not be retroactively amended and
shall include the right to be paid by ALZA the expenses incurred in defending
any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition, except that, if
Delaware law requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or
officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer, and not in any other
capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a director or
officer, including, without limitation, service with respect to an employee
benefit plan, in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be
made only upon delivery to ALZA of an

undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts
so advanced if ultimately it shall be determined that such director or officer
is not entitled to be indemnified under the ALZA certificate of incorporation or
otherwise.
ALZA may, by action of the ALZA board of directors, provide
indemnification to employees and agents of ALZA with the same scope and effect
as the indemnification of directors and officers.

     
The ALZA certificate of incorporation further provides that the right to
indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding
in advance of its final disposition conferred in the ALZA certificate of
incorporation is not exclusive of any other right which any person may have or
acquire under any statute, provision of the ALZA certificate of incorporation or
by-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise.

     
The ALZA certificate of incorporation also provides that ALZA may maintain
insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee
or agent of ALZA or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not
ALZA would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense,
liability or loss under Delaware law.


DIVIDENDS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     The Johnson & Johnson certificate of incorporation provides that the
Johnson & Johnson board of directors may from time to time declare dividends on
its outstanding shares in accordance with New Jersey law.

     
ALZA

     Delaware law provides that a corporation may pay dividends out of its
surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year
in which the dividend is declared and for the preceding fiscal year.
Delaware
law also provides that dividends may not be paid out of the net profits if,
after the payment of the dividend, the corporation's capital would be less than
the capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes
having a preference upon the distribution of assets.


CONVERSION

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock have no rights to convert their
shares into any other securities.

     
ALZA

     Holders of ALZA common stock have no rights to convert their shares into
any other securities.


RIGHTS PLAN

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Johnson & Johnson does not have a rights plan.
New Jersey law, however,
endorses share rights or options issued by New Jersey corporations that, among
other things, include conditions precluding holders of a specified percentage of
outstanding shares of a corporation from exercising such share rights or options
or which invalidate the share rights or options beneficially owned by such
holders and their transferees.

     
ALZA

     In December 1999, the ALZA board of directors adopted the ALZA rights
agreement and issued, as a dividend, one preferred stock purchase right for each
outstanding share of ALZA common stock.
One

ALZA purchase right has also been issued with respect to each share of ALZA
common stock issued since the date of that dividend.

     
Each ALZA purchase right entitles the holder to buy one unit (or 1/10,000
of a share) of ALZA's Series RP Preferred Stock at a price of $200 per unit,
subject to adjustment, or, under certain circumstances described below, shares
of ALZA common stock or common stock of a third party.
The ALZA purchase rights
will be exercisable after the earlier of:

     - the first date after a public announcement that a person or group of
       affiliated or associated persons has acquired, obtained the right to
       acquire, or otherwise obtained beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the
       outstanding shares of ALZA common stock or

     - the close of business on the tenth date (or such later date as may be
       determined by the ALZA board of directors) after the commencement of, or
       the first public announcement of the intention to commence, a tender or
       exchange offer which would result in a person or group beneficially
       owning 15% or more of the outstanding shares of ALZA common stock.

     
If a person or group beneficially owns 15% or more of the outstanding
shares of ALZA common stock, each holder of a ALZA purchase right may receive,
in lieu of shares of Series RP Preferred Stock, upon exercise of each purchase
right then held, shares of ALZA common stock with a market value equal to two
times the exercise price of a ALZA purchase right, except that purchase rights
owned by such acquiring person or group will be void.
If, following the date
that a person or group becomes the beneficial owner of 15% or more of the
outstanding shares of ALZA common stock, ALZA is acquired in a merger or other
business combination, each ALZA purchase right will be exercisable, in lieu of
shares of Series RP Preferred Stock, for the number of the acquiring company's
shares of common stock having a market value equal to two times the exercise
price of the ALZA purchase right.

     
ALZA may redeem the purchase rights at a price of $0.001 per purchase right
at any time prior to such time as any person or group becomes a beneficial owner
of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of ALZA common stock.
Furthermore, at
any time prior to such time as any person or group becomes a beneficial owner of
15% or more of the outstanding shares of ALZA common stock, ALZA may amend or
supplement any provision of the rights agreement without the approval of any
holders of purchase rights.

     
ALZA and Fleet National Bank (formerly BankBoston, N.A.), the rights agent
under the ALZA rights agreement entered into an amendment dated as of March 26,
2001 to the ALZA rights agreement to render the ALZA rights agreement
inapplicable to the execution and delivery of the merger agreement or the stock
option agreement or the completion of the transactions contemplated thereby.


VOTING RIGHTS; REQUIRED VOTE FOR AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN ACTIONS

     JOHNSON & JOHNSON

     Each holder of Johnson & Johnson common stock is entitled to one vote for
each share held of record and may not cumulate votes for the election of
directors.

     
Merger or Consolidation.  
Under New Jersey law, the consummation of a
merger or consolidation of a New Jersey corporation organized prior to January
1, 1969, such as Johnson & Johnson, requires the approval of such corporation's
board of directors and the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes cast by
the holders of shares of the corporation entitled to vote thereon; however, no
such approval and vote are required if such corporation is the surviving
corporation and

     - such corporation's certificate of incorporation is not amended

     - the stockholders of the surviving corporation whose shares were
       outstanding immediately before the effective date of the merger will hold
       the same number of shares, with identical designations, preferences,
       limitations, and rights, immediately after and

     - the number of voting shares and participation shares outstanding after
       the merger will not exceed by 40% the total number of voting or
       participating shares of the surviving corporation before the merger.


Similarly, a sale of all or substantially all of such corporation's assets other
than in the ordinary course of business, or a voluntary dissolution of such
corporation, requires the approval of such corporation's board of directors and
the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes cast by the holders of shares of
such corporation entitled to vote thereon.

     
Business Combinations.  
Under New Jersey law, no New Jersey corporation may
engage in any "business combination" with any interested stockholder (generally,
a 10% or greater stockholder) for a period of five years following such
interested stockholder's stock acquisition, unless such business combination is
approved by the board of directors of such corporation prior to the stock
acquisition.

     
Under New Jersey law, "business combination" includes:

     - any merger or consolidation of a resident domestic corporation or one of
       its subsidiaries:

        - with an interested stockholder or

        - with any corporation which is, or would be after such merger or
          consolidation, an affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder

     - any transfer or other disposition to or with an interested stockholder or
       any affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder of at least 10%
       of (1) the assets, (2) the outstanding shares or (3) the earning power or
       income, on a consolidated basis, of such resident domestic corporation
       and

     - other specified self-dealing transactions between such resident domestic
       corporation and an interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate
       thereof.

     
In addition, no resident domestic corporation may engage, at any time, in
any business combination with any interested stockholder of such corporation
other than:

     - a business combination approved by the board of directors of such
       corporation prior to the stock acquisition

     - a business combination approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of
       two-thirds of the voting stock not beneficially owned by such interested
       stockholder at a meeting called for such purpose or

     - a business combination in which the interested stockholder meets certain
       fair price criteria.

     
In addition to the requirement under New Jersey law regarding business
combinations with an interested stockholder, the Johnson & Johnson certificate
of incorporation prohibits Johnson & Johnson from engaging in any "business
combination" with any interested stockholder (generally, a 10% or greater
stockholder) without (1) the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the votes
entitled to be cast by the holders of all then outstanding shares of Johnson &
Johnson voting stock, voting together as a single class, and (2) the affirmative
vote of a majority of the combined votes entitled to be cast by "disinterested
stockholders" (as defined in the all then outstanding shares of Johnson &
Johnson restated certificate of incorporation), voting together as a single
class; provided that any business combination will require only the approval
required under New Jersey law if, among other things, such business combination
has been approved at any time by a majority of the "continuing directors" (as
defined in the Johnson & Johnson restated certificate of incorporation) and
certain fair price requirements are met.

     
The Johnson & Johnson certificate of incorporation defines "business
combination" to include:

     - any merger or consolidation of Johnson & Johnson

        - with an interested stockholder or

        - with any other corporation which is, or after such merger or
          consolidation would be, an affiliate or associate of an interested
          stockholder

     - any transfer or other disposition to or with any interested stockholder
       or any affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder of any assets
       or securities of Johnson & Johnson or any of its subsidiaries having an
       aggregate fair market value of 5% of the total assets of Johnson &
       Johnson and its subsidiaries

     - the adoption of a plan of liquidation of Johnson & Johnson proposed by an
       interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate of an interested
       stockholder and

     - any transaction which increases the capital stock beneficially owned by
       an interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate of an interested
       stockholder.

     
ALZA

     Each holder of ALZA common stock is entitled to one vote for each share
held of record.

     
Merger or Consolidation.  
Under Delaware law, mergers or consolidations or
sales or exchanges of all or substantially all of a corporation's assets or a
dissolution of the corporation require the affirmative vote of the board of
directors (except in certain limited circumstances).
In addition, the
affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding stock of the corporation
entitled to vote on the matter is required, except in certain cases where
stockholder approval is not required by a corporation's certificate of
incorporation.

     
Under Delaware law, stockholder consent is not required under the following
circumstances:

     - for a corporation that survives a merger and does not issue in the merger
       more than 20% of its outstanding shares immediately prior to the merger

     - if the merger agreement does not amend in any respect the survivor's
       certificate of incorporation

     - if each share of the surviving corporation outstanding immediately prior
       to the merger remains an identical outstanding share of the surviving
       corporation after the merger and

     - for either corporation where one corporation owns 90% of each class of
       outstanding stock of the other corporation.

     
Business Combinations.  
ALZA is subject to the anti-takeover provisions in
Delaware law.
The anti-takeover provisions prohibit business combinations
between a Delaware corporation and an interested stockholder, as described
below, within three years of the time the interested stockholder became an
interested stockholder unless:

     - before that time, the board of directors approved either the business
       combination or the transaction in which the interested stockholder became
       an interested stockholder

     - upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
       becoming an interested stockholder, the stockholder owned at least 85% of
       the voting stock of the corporation, excluding shares held by directors
       who are also officers of the corporation and by employee stock ownership
       plans that do not permit employees to determine confidentially whether
       shares held by the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or

     - on or following that time, the business combination is approved by the
       board of directors and the business combination transaction is approved
       by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock of the
       corporation not owned by the interested stockholder.

     
The business combination restrictions described above do not apply if:

     - the corporation's original certificate of incorporation contains a
       provision expressly electing not to be governed by the anti-takeover
       provisions in Delaware law

     - the holders of a majority of the voting stock of the corporation approve
       an amendment to its certificate of incorporation or by-laws expressly
       electing not to be governed by the anti-takeover provisions, which
       election will be effective 12 months after the amendment's adoption and
       would

       not apply to any business combination with a person who was an interested
       stockholder at or prior to the time the amendment was approved or

     - the corporation does not have a class of voting stock that is (1) listed
       on a national securities exchange, (2) authorized for quotation on The
       Nasdaq Stock Market or (3) owned by more than 2,000 stockholders of
       record.

     
The anti-takeover provisions do not apply to a business combination that:

     - is proposed after the public announcement of, and before the consummation
       or abandonment of

        - a merger or consolidation of the corporation,

        - a sale of 50% or more of the aggregate market value of the assets of
          the corporation and its subsidiaries determined on a consolidated
          basis or the aggregate market value of all outstanding shares of the
          corporation or

        - a tender or exchange offer for 50% or more of the outstanding shares
          of voting stock of the corporation

     - is with a person who either was not an interested stockholder during the
       previous three years or who became an interested stockholder with the
       approval of the board of directors and

     - is approved by a majority of the current directors who were also
       directors before any person became an interested stockholder during the
       previous three years.

     
An "interested stockholder" generally is defined as a person that owns 15%
or more of the corporation's outstanding voting stock and the affiliates and
associates of that person.

     
The term "business combination" includes the following transactions with an
interested stockholder:

     - a merger or consolidation of the corporation with an interested
       stockholder

     - any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
       disposition, except proportionately as a stockholder of the corporation,
       of assets of the corporation or its subsidiaries having an aggregate
       market value equal to 10% or more of either the aggregate market value of
       all assets of the corporation and its subsidiaries determined on a
       consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding
       stock of the corporation

     - any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by the
       corporation or its subsidiaries of stock of the corporation or the
       subsidiary to the interested stockholder, except for transactions
       involving the exercise, conversion or exchange of securities outstanding
       before the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder and
       certain other transactions which do not increase the interested
       stockholder's proportionate share of any class or series of the
       corporation's stock

     - any transaction involving the corporation or any of its subsidiaries
       which increases the proportionate share of any class or series of stock,
       or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series, of the
       corporation or any subsidiary which is owned by the interested
       stockholder, except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional
       share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption of any
       shares of stock not caused by the interested stockholder or

     - any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, except
       proportionately as a stockholder of the corporation, of any loans,
       advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by the
       corporation or its subsidiaries.

     
In addition to the requirement under Delaware law regarding business
combinations with an interested stockholder, the ALZA certificate of
incorporation also provides that any business combination with a related person
requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80% of the voting power
of all of the then outstanding shares of all classes of stock of ALZA entitled
to vote for the election of directors, voting together as a single class.
Such
affirmative vote is required notwithstanding the fact that no vote may be
required, or that a lesser percentage may be specified, by Delaware law or in
any agreement.

     
The provisions in the immediately preceding paragraph do not apply to any
business combination if:

     - a majority of the continuing directors of ALZA has approved the business
       combination either in advance of or subsequent to such related person's
       having become a related person;

     - the business combination is solely between ALZA and another company, one
       hundred percent of the voting stock of which is owned directly or
       indirectly by ALZA or

     - the business combination is a merger or consolidation and the cash or
       fair market value, as determined by a majority of the continuing
       directors, of the property, securities or other consideration to be
       received per share by holders of stock of ALZA in the business
       combination is not less than the highest per share price or the highest
       equivalent price paid by the related person in acquiring any of ALZA's
       stock.

     
The ALZA certificate of incorporation defines "business combination" to
mean:

     - any merger or consolidation of ALZA with or into a related person

     - any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition, including,
       without limitation, a mortgage or any other security device, of all or
       any substantial part of the assets of ALZA or any subsidiary of ALZA, to
       a related person

     - any merger or consolidation of a related person with or into ALZA or a
       subsidiary of ALZA

     - the issuance of any securities of ALZA or a subsidiary of ALZA to a
       related person

     - any recapitalization that would have the effect of increasing the voting
       power in ALZA of a related person and

     - any agreement, contract or other arrangement providing for any of the
       transactions described in this definition of business combination.

     
The ALZA certificate of incorporation defines a "related person" to mean:

     - any person, corporation or other entity which, alone or together with its
       affiliates and associates or

     - members of a group of which such person, company or other entity is a
       member, beneficially owns shares of the outstanding capital stock of ALZA
       which, in the aggregate, have 20% or more of the total combined power to
       elect directors of ALZA.

     
The ALZA certificate of incorporation defines a "continuing director" to
mean a director who is unaffiliated with the related person and who was member
of the ALZA board of directors immediately prior to the time that the related
person involved in a business combination became a related person.

                                 
LEGAL MATTERS

     
The legality of Johnson & Johnson common stock offered by this proxy
statement/prospectus will be passed upon for Johnson & Johnson by Joseph S.
Orban, Esq., Associate General Counsel of Johnson & Johnson.
Joseph S. Orban is
paid a salary by Johnson & Johnson, is a participant in various employee benefit
plans offered to employees of Johnson & Johnson generally and owns and has
options to purchase shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock.

     
Certain United States Federal income tax consequences of the merger will be
passed upon for ALZA by its tax counsel, Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP,
Menlo Park, California.
Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP from time to time
acts as counsel for ALZA and its subsidiaries.
Julian N. Stern, who is the sole
employee of a professional corporation that is a member of Heller Ehrman White &
McAuliffe LLP, is Secretary of ALZA and a member of its board of directors.
Mr.
Stern owns 153,150 shares of ALZA common stock and holds options to acquire an
additional 52,000 shares of ALZA common stock.

                                    
EXPERTS

     The consolidated financial statements of Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries
incorporated in this proxy statement/prospectus by reference to the Johnson &
Johnson Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000,
have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in
auditing and accounting.

     
The consolidated financial statements of ALZA and its subsidiaries
appearing in ALZA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors,
as set forth in their report thereon included therein and incorporated in this
proxy statement/prospectus by reference.
Such consolidated financial statements
are incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus in reliance
upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting
and auditing.

                                 
OTHER MATTERS

     As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the ALZA board of
directors knows of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the
special meeting other than as described in this proxy statement/prospectus.

                          
FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

     ALZA's 2001 annual meeting of stockholders is scheduled to take place on
May 3, 2001.
ALZA will hold a 2002 annual meeting of ALZA stockholders only if
the merger is not completed before the time of such meeting.
The deadline for
submission of stockholder proposals for inclusion in ALZA's proxy materials for
the 2001 ALZA annual meeting was December 15, 2000.
The deadline for submission
of stockholder proposals for inclusion in ALZA's proxy materials for the 2002
annual meeting is November 30, 2001.
If the merger is not completed, ALZA
stockholders may present proper proposals for consideration at the 2002 annual
meeting of ALZA stockholders by submitting their proposal in writing to the
Secretary of ALZA.

     
Separate from the requirements described above concerning the notice
required for a proposal to be included in the proxy statement distributed by
ALZA, the ALZA by-laws also provide for certain advance notice of nominations by
stockholders for election of stockholder nominees as directors at an annual
meeting, and proposals for the inclusion of other business at an annual meeting
of stockholders, even if such nominations or proposals are not to be included in
the ALZA proxy statement.
In addition to meeting other requirements specified in
the ALZA by-laws, the required notice by the stockholder for the 2002 annual
meeting must be received in writing by the Secretary of ALZA no later than
January 14, 2002; provided, however, that if the date of the 2002 annual meeting
is advanced more than 30 days prior to, or delayed by more than 30 days after,
the anniversary of the 2001 annual meeting, the stockholders notice must be
received no later than the close of business on the later of (1) the 90th day
prior to such annual meeting or (2) the 10th day following the day on which
public announcement of the meeting is first made.

                      
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     Johnson & Johnson and ALZA file annual, quarterly and special reports,
proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information
that Johnson & Johnson and ALZA file with the Securities and Exchange

Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission's public reference rooms at
the following locations:

   Public Reference Room          New York Regional Office        Chicago Regional Office
   450 Fifth Street, N.W.           7 World Trade Center              Citicorp Center
         Room 1024                       Suite 1300               500 West Madison Street
   Washington, D.C. 20549            New York, NY 10048                  Suite 1400
                                                                   Chicago, IL 60661-2511

     Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference rooms.
These Securities and Exchange
Commission filings are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and at the website maintained by the Securities and Exchange
Commission at "http://www.sec.gov".
Reports, proxy statements and other
information concerning Johnson & Johnson and ALZA may also be inspected at the
offices of the New York Stock Exchange at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York
10005.

     
Johnson & Johnson filed a registration statement on Form S-4 on April 23,
2001 to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission the Johnson &
Johnson common stock to be issued to ALZA stockholders in the merger.
This proxy
statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement and constitutes a
prospectus of Johnson & Johnson in addition to being a proxy statement of ALZA.

As allowed by Securities and Exchange Commission rules, this proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all the information you can find in
Johnson & Johnson's registration statement or the exhibits to the registration
statement.

     
The Securities and Exchange Commission allows Johnson & Johnson and ALZA to
"incorporate by reference" information into this proxy statement/prospectus,
which means that the companies can disclose important information to you by
referring you to other documents filed separately with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.