URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1014955/000091205701519936/0000912057-01-519936.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    Both eXcelon and C-bridge regularly evaluate different strategies to improve
their competitive positions and enhance their respective stockholder values,
including opportunities for acquisitions of other companies or their assets,
possible partnerships or alliances and other significant transactions.

    
On July 11, 2000, eXcelon engaged SG Cowen to provide general strategic
advice and to assist eXcelon to pursue strategic alternatives.
From July 2000 to
December 2000, SG Cowen explored with eXcelon's management a number of possible
strategic alternatives, including a possible sale of eXcelon's database business
or eXcelon's XML-based business, and eXcelon held preliminary

negotiations with several interested parties with regard to possible
transactions.
In December 2000, the eXcelon board concluded that it was in
eXcelon's best interest to continue its current operations rather than pursue
any of the strategic alternatives then available to eXcelon.

    
eXcelon and C-bridge have been familiar with each other's businesses for
several years.
In February 2001, C-bridge hired Larry Alston, the former Chief
Technology Officer of eXcelon, to serve as C-bridge's Executive Vice President
of Product Management.
As a result of this familiarity, and in light of the
decrease in market demand for Internet consulting services beginning in early
2001, C-bridge began internal discussions about the operational, financial and
other benefits that could result from a business combination of eXcelon and
C-bridge.
At a regularly scheduled meeting of the C-bridge board of directors on
February 27, 2001, Joseph M. Bellini, C-bridge's Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Operating Officer, advised the C-bridge board that he had
identified eXcelon as a potential partner for a business combination.
The
C-bridge board authorized Mr. Bellini to initiate discussions with eXcelon with
regards to a possible strategic combination of the two companies.

    
As a result of these internal discussions, on or about March 12, 2001,
Mr. Bellini met with representatives of SG Cowen, whom he knew had previously
represented eXcelon, to explore the possibility of a business combination
between eXcelon and C-bridge.
After this meeting, C-Bridge decided to retain
Robertson Stephens as its financial advisor in connection with the possible
strategic combination of the two companies.

    
On March 15, 2001, as a result of their meeting with Mr. Bellini,
representatives of SG Cowen contacted Robert N. Goldman, eXcelon's Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, to discuss arranging a meeting between Messrs. Goldman
and Bellini.
As a result of C-bridge's expression of interest in pursuing a
business combination with eXcelon, eXcelon and SG Cowen reinitiated their prior
discussions regarding strategic alternatives.

    
During the week of March 19, 2001, SG Cowen and Robertson Stephens worked
independently to develop financial models for the combined operations of eXcelon
and C-bridge.

    
On March 22, 2001, Mr. Bellini, Mr. Goldman and representatives of SG Cowen
and Robertson Stephens held a dinner meeting at the request of Mr. Bellini.

During this meeting the parties discussed eXcelon's and C-bridge's respective
technologies, business operations and financial condition, as well as the
possible strategic combination of eXcelon and C-bridge.

    
On March 23, 2001, Mr. Goldman discussed the possible merger of eXcelon and
C-bridge with representatives of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, eXcelon's legal
counsel.

    
On March 26, 2001, Clifford B. Thompson, C-bridge's Vice President and
General Counsel, met with Lacey P. Brandt, eXcelon's Chief Financial Officer,
and representatives of SG Cowen and Robertson Stephens to discuss initial
diligence planning and human resources issues related to the potential merger.

Later that day, Mr. Thompson discussed the possible merger of eXcelon and
C-bridge with representatives of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, C-bridge's legal
counsel.

    
On March 27, 2001, Mr. Bellini sent an e-mail to the C-bridge board of
directors outlining the rationale for, and certain possible terms of, a merger
of C-bridge and eXcelon.
In addition, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Goldman met to discuss
procedural issues and the initial exchange of information about their respective
companies.

    
On March 28, 2001, C-bridge held a telephonic meeting of its board of
directors at which the potential benefits of a combination with eXcelon were
discussed and the board weighed the relative merits of remaining independent
versus pursuing a business combination with eXcelon.
The C-bridge board
authorized management to further investigate the merits of a possible
transaction with eXcelon.

    
On April 2, 2001, Mr. Goldman discussed the possible merger with
representatives of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, and advised them that Mr. Bellini
had advised the C-bridge board of directors that discussions among eXcelon,
C-bridge and their respective financial advisors were continuing.

    
On April 3, 2001, Mr. Goldman, Ms. Brandt, Satish Maripuri, eXcelon's
President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Bellini, Mark A. Cosway, C-bridge's
President, Richard Putz, C-bridge's Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice
President of iSolutions, and representatives of SG Cowen and Robertson Stephens
met to provide a general overview of each company and discuss a possible
strategic combination.

    
On April 5, 2001, eXcelon and C-bridge entered into a confidentiality
agreement relating to the proposed merger, and Robertson Stephens met with
Mr. Cosway to continue its due diligence process with respect to C-bridge.

    
Beginning on April 9, 2001 and continuing through the period leading up to
signing of the definitive agreement on May 22, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
reviewed legal due diligence materials provided by eXcelon and its financial and
legal advisors.
During the same period, Arthur Andersen LLP, C-bridge's
independent public accountants, reviewed financial and tax diligence materials
provided by eXcelon and its financial and legal advisors.
Throughout this
period, members of C-bridge's board and management had frequent and extensive
discussions with C-bridge's financial and legal advisors to evaluate the
proposed transaction and to review the status of the negotiations with eXcelon
and the results of the C-bridge business, legal, accounting and financial due
diligence.

    
During the week of April 9, 2001, Mr. Goldman had a number of conversations
with representatives of SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP concerning the
possible structure and timing of a transaction with C-bridge.
During that week,
and continuing through the period leading up to the signing of the definitive
agreement on May 22, 2001, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP reviewed legal due diligence
materials provided by C-bridge and its financial and legal advisors.
During the
same period, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, eXcelon's independent public
accountants, reviewed financial and tax diligence materials provided by C-bridge
and its financial and legal advisors.
Throughout this period, members of
eXcelon's management had frequent and extensive discussions with eXcelon's
financial and legal advisors to evaluate the proposed transaction and to review
the status of the negotiations with C-bridge and the results of the eXcelon
business, legal, accounting and financial due diligence.

    
On April 12, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of eXcelon's board of
directors, a representative of SG Cowen presented a report on strategic
alternatives available to eXcelon.
SG Cowen reported the results of its
exploration of a possible transaction with C-bridge.
Mr. Goldman described the
results of his preliminary discussions with C-bridge, and the board engaged in
an

extensive discussion of the proposed transaction.
The eXcelon board authorized
management to continue to pursue discussions with C-bridge regarding a possible
merger.

    
On April 17 and 18, 2001, C-bridge's and eXcelon's respective
representatives held due diligence meetings.
Mr. Maripuri, Mr. Putz and
Mr. Cosway discussed the products and solutions of each company.
Ms. Brandt,
Wayne Pastore, eXcelon's Corporate Controller, and Brian Greene, eXcelon's
General Counsel, and Mr. Putz also discussed audit and due diligence issues.

    
On April 18, 2001, Mr. Goldman discussed the status of the merger
negotiations with representatives of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP.

    
On April 18, 2001, Robertson Stephens and C-bridge discussed the merger
negotiations and participated in a joint due diligence meeting at the offices of
SG Cowen.

    
On April 20, 2001, Ms. Brandt and Mr. Putz had a telephone call to discuss
human resource and financial diligence issues relating to the proposed business
combination.

    
On April 23, 2001, Mr. Goldman discussed the status of the merger
negotiations with Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP prepared
a list of issues for discussion with C-bridge.

    
On April 24, 2001, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Goldman met telephonically to discuss
the proposed terms of the merger.
Based on this discussion, eXcelon, SG Cowen
and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP prepared a summary of proposed terms for the merger,
as well as a proposal for the management structure of the combined company.

    
On April 25, 2001, SG Cowen circulated the summary of the proposed terms of
the merger to C-bridge, Robertson Stephens and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP.
In
addition, Mr. Maripuri and Mr. Cosway met to discuss general organizational
issues, and the two companies' legal and financial advisors discussed plans to
complete their respective due diligence reviews.

    
On April 26, 2001, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP circulated an initial draft of
the merger agreement to eXcelon, C-bridge and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, and
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP circulated a draft of the irrevocable proxy and
voting agreement to C-bridge, eXcelon and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP.
On the same
day, Mr. Bellini met with managers from each of the companies.

    
On April 27, 2001, C-bridge, eXcelon, Robertson Stephens and SG Cowen held a
conference call to discuss financial forecasts for each company, and the two
companies and their respective legal and financial advisors held a subsequent
conference call to discuss the status of their respective due diligence
inquiries.

    
On April 30, 2001, the eXcelon board held a telephonic meeting to discuss
the progress of the merger negotiations with C-bridge.
Mr. Maripuri, Ms. Brandt
and representatives from SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP also attended the
meeting.
Mr. Goldman and the representatives from SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag &
Eliot LLP provided the eXcelon board with an update regarding the status of
merger negotiations, and Mr. Maripuri further briefed the directors on the
rationale for the merger, the projected operating plan of the combined company,
and preliminary plans to integrate the workforces and operations of the two
companies.
The directors had been provided with materials, including a
description of the proposed merger terms and a timeline for the transaction, a
copy of the operating plan and organization chart for the combined company and
copies of recent financial analysts' research reports regarding C-bridge.

Mr. Goldman and Mr. Maripuri responded to a number of questions from the
directors about the strategic benefits of the transactions, the assumptions
underlying the combined operating plan, the steps necessary to achieve expected
synergies and cost savings, and the risks associated with proceeding, or not
proceeding, with the transaction.
The directors agreed to meet again during the
week of May 7, 2001 to review the status of the transaction.

    
From April 30, 2001 to May 22, 2001, Mr. Goldman conferred regularly with
the members of the eXcelon board to keep them apprised of the status of the
discussions with C-bridge and to obtain their advice and guidance regarding the
proposed transaction.

    
On May 2, 2001, the C-bridge board held a telephonic meeting to discuss the
financial and operational merits of the proposed transaction and the status of
the merger negotiations with eXcelon.
Mr. Thompson and representatives of
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Robertson Stephens also attended the meeting.

The C-bridge board acknowledged their receipt and consideration of written
materials prepared by C-bridge's financial advisors which summarized certain
financial information about eXcelon as well as certain preliminary financial
information about the combined entity of C-bridge and eXcelon.
Robertson
Stephens presented a financial overview of the transaction.
The board
extensively discussed the financial and operational merits of the proposed
merger and asked questions of Mr. Bellini and C-bridge's financial and legal
representatives.

    
On May 2, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP circulated its and C-bridge's
comments on the initial draft of the merger agreement to all parties.

    
On May 2, 2001, Ms. Brandt, Mr. Putz and the legal and financial advisors of
the two companies participated in a conference call in which they discussed
C-bridge's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, its
operating plans for 2001 and its budgeting and forecasting process.

    
Throughout the period from May 2, 2001 through May 22, 2001, Mr. Bellini and
other members of senior management of C-bridge conferred regularly with each of
the board members to keep them apprised of the status of the on-going
negotiations with eXcelon and to discuss alternative courses of action and any
outstanding issues.

    
On May 4, 2001, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Goldman met at the offices of SG Cowen
to discuss the terms of the merger, as outlined in the initial draft of the
merger agreement prepared by eXcelon and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP and in the
comments on the draft prepared by C-bridge and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP.

    
On May 5, 2001, Mr. Goldman, Mr. Bellini, Mr. Thompson, Ms. Brandt and
representatives of SG Cowen, Robertson Stephens, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and
Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP met at the offices of Robertson Stephens to discuss the
terms of the proposed merger agreement, including, among other things, the
structure of the merger, the basis for the calculation of the exchange ratio and
the composition of the board of directors of the combined company, and to review
the status of their respective due diligence inquiries.

    
On May 7, 2001, representatives of SG Cowen, Robertson Stephens, Gibson,
Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP met telephonically to discuss
the merger agreement and to review the status of their respective due diligence
inquiries.

    
On May 7, 2001, eXcelon and SG Cowen signed a letter agreement to modify the
compensation arrangements and term of SG Cowen's engagement under the engagement
letter dated July 11, 2000.

    
On May 8, 2001, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP circulated a revised draft of the
merger agreement.

    
On May 9, 2001, the eXcelon board held a special meeting to discuss the
potential merger with C-bridge.
Ms. Brandt and representatives of SG Cowen and
Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP also attended the meeting.
Mr. Goldman presented an
overview of the current status of the discussions with C-bridge, and a
representative of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP summarized the principal terms of the
proposed merger agreement between the two parties.
Representatives of SG Cowen
reviewed for the eXcelon board the financial terms of the proposed transaction.

Ms. Brandt reviewed the results of eXcelon's due diligence investigation of
C-bridge, as well as various financial issues.
The eXcelon board discussed the
major business terms of the merger agreement, as well as matters relating to the
proposed management structure of the combined company.
The board then discussed
matters relating to stock

options, including the acceleration provisions of some of eXcelon's outstanding
options, and other compensation for management.

    
On May 12, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP provided comments on the
revised draft of the merger agreement.

    
On May 14, 2001, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP circulated a further revised draft
of the merger agreement.

    
On May 14, 2001, the eXcelon board held a special meeting to continue
discussion of the potential merger with C-bridge.
Ms. Brandt and representatives
of SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP also attended the meeting.
Mr. Goldman
presented a summary of the status of negotiations, including discussions of the
calculation of the exchange ratio and various matters relating to employment
agreements for the officers of the combined company.
The board then discussed
the various issues upon which the parties had not reached agreement.

Mr. Goldman reviewed for the board the various reasons for eXcelon to proceed
with the proposed merger, and the board discussed the advantages and risks of
the merger.

    
On May 14, 2001 the C-bridge board held a special meeting to continue
discussion of the terms and potential benefits of the proposed merger with
eXcelon, as well as alternatives to the eXcelon transaction.
Mr. Thompson and
representatives of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, Robertson Stephens and InSight
Capital Partners also attended the meeting.
The C-bridge board acknowledged
their receipt and consideration of written materials prepared by C-bridge's
legal advisors summarizing the principal terms of the proposed agreement and the
board's legal obligations in connection with their consideration of the proposed
transaction.
Mr. Bellini and representatives of Robertson Stephens then
presented a summary of the deal structure and the proposed methodology for
calculating the exchange ratio.
Mr. Bellini also discussed with the board the
principal terms of and open items in the draft merger agreement and the related
employment agreements for himself, Mr. Goldman, Mr. Maripuri and Ms. Brandt.

    
On May 15, 2001, Mr. Thompson, Ms. Brandt, Mr. Greene and representatives of
SG Cowen, Robertson Stephens, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Foley, Hoag &
Eliot LLP met telephonically to discuss outstanding legal diligence items and
open issues in relation to the merger agreement and the ancillary agreements.

    
From May 15, 2001 through May 17, 2001, the financial and legal advisors of
eXcelon and C-bridge had numerous discussions about the provisions of the draft
merger agreement relating to either party's ability to respond to inquiries from
third parties concerning competing acquisition proposals.

    
On May 19, 2001, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP provided comments on the
further revised draft of the merger agreement.

    
On May 21, 2001, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Goldman met telephonically to resolve
the outstanding issues under the draft merger agreement, including the
circumstances, if any, under which a termination fee would be payable and
expenses would be reimbursed by one party to the other, the amount of the fee
and the limit on the amount of the expense reimbursement.

    
On May 21, 2001, the eXcelon board held a special meeting to review the
status of the merger discussions with C-bridge.
Ms. Brandt and representatives
of SG Cowen and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP also attended the meeting.
Mr. Goldman
provided an update regarding the status of negotiations and the remaining
unresolved issues.
A representative of SG Cowen discussed the fairness opinion
that it expected to be able to deliver, and a representative of Foley, Hoag &
Eliot LLP reviewed the terms of the merger agreement, the employment agreements
for four executive officers and the voting agreements to be signed by the
directors and executive officers of eXcelon.
SG Cowen again reviewed

for the board possible strategic alternatives for eXcelon, and provided further
details for the board regarding the calculation of the proposed exchange ratio.

The eXcelon board engaged in a discussion of C-bridge, its business and its
management.

    
On May 22, 2001, the eXcelon board held a special meeting to consider and
act upon the proposed merger with C-bridge.
Ms. Brandt and representatives of SG
Cowen and Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP also attended the meeting.
A representative of
SG Cowen reviewed the transaction for the board and provided SG Cowen's oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that the exchange
ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to eXcelon.
SG Cowen then
outlined for the eXcelon board the reasons underlying its opinion.

Representatives of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP explained the final changes to the
merger agreement, the employment agreements for several executive officers and
related agreements.
Following a thorough discussion of the proposed merger, the
eXcelon board of directors voted unanimously to authorize the merger agreement
with C-bridge and to recommend that eXcelon stockholders approve the issuance of
eXcelon common stock in the merger and the other transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement.
SG Cowen later delivered a written opinion to eXcelon
confirming the oral opinion it delivered to the eXcelon board earlier that day.

    
On May 22, 2001, the C-bridge board held a special meeting to consider and
act upon the proposed merger with eXcelon.
Mr. Thompson and representatives of
Robertson Stephens, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and InSight Capital Partners
also attended the meeting.
A representative of Robertson Stephens reviewed the
transaction for the board and delivered to the C-bridge board Robertson
Stephens' oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of May 22,
2001 the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders
of C-bridge common stock, other than eXcelon or any of its affiliates.
Robertson
Stephens then outlined for the C-bridge board the analysis underlying its
opinion.
Following a thorough discussion of the proposed merger, as well as the
principal terms of the related employment agreements and voting agreements, the
C-bridge board of directors voted unanimously to authorize the merger agreement
with eXcelon and to recommend that C-bridge stockholders approve and adopt the
merger agreement.
Robertson Stephens later delivered a written opinion to
C-bridge confirming the oral opinion that it had given to the C-bridge board
earlier that day.

    
Late in the evening on May 22, 2001 eXcelon and C-bridge executed the merger
agreement and related agreements.
On the morning of May 23, 2001, the parties
issued a joint press release announcing the merger and held a joint conference
call to discuss the merger.


eXCELON'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; eXCELON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS' RECOMMENDATION

    In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, eXcelon's board
consulted with eXcelon's management, as well as with eXcelon's financial
advisors, independent accountants and legal advisors, and considered information
from a variety of sources, including:

    - Its knowledge, and that of eXcelon's management, of the business,
      properties and prospects of eXcelon, including the opportunities available
      to eXcelon if the proposed merger did not occur.

    -
Its exploration, with the assistance of SG Cowen, of the strategic
      alternatives available to eXcelon and its assessment of the risks and
      potential rewards associated with continuing to operate as an independent
      company as an alternative to the merger.

    - Current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
      volatility and trading information about the eXcelon common stock and
      C-bridge common stock.

    - The exchange ratio negotiated with C-bridge, the implied premium, based on
      recent and historical market prices of eXcelon's common stock, over the
      recent and historical prices of C-bridge's common stock, and how this
      premium compared to price premiums in recent comparable transactions
      involving Internet professional services companies.

    - The opinion of SG Cowen that, based on and subject to the assumptions,
      qualifications and limitations set forth in the opinion, the exchange
      ratio of 1.2517 was fair, from a financial point of view, to eXcelon, and
      the analysis underlying the SG Cowen opinion.

    - Information and presentations by eXcelon's management and legal and
      financial advisors concerning the business, technology, products and
      services, operations, financial condition, organizational structure and
      competitive positions of eXcelon and C-bridge on both a historical and
      prospective basis.

    - The terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including the
      termination fee payable to eXcelon or to C-bridge under specified
      circumstances and the ability of eXcelon to negotiate other unsolicited
      strategic transaction proposals if the eXcelon board of directors believes
      in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that to
      do so would be consistent with the board's fiduciary duties under
      applicable law and would be reasonably likely to lead to a proposal that
      is more favorable financially to the eXcelon stockholders than the merger.

    
- The terms and conditions of the irrevocable proxies and voting agreements
      to be entered into by the directors and executive officer of eXcelon.

    - The proposed corporate governance arrangements for the combined company,
      which will have a board of directors composed of four current members of
      eXcelon's board and four C-bridge designees, including three current
      members of C-bridge's board.

    
- Its assessment of the likely impact of the merger on eXcelon's customers
      and employees.

    
In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, eXcelon's board
identified the following potential benefits of the merger for eXcelon and its
stockholders that, taken as a whole, supported its decision:

    - The opportunity to transform eXcelon's business model from one based
      primarily on the sale of software products to one based on offering
      enterprise customers a complete solution consisting of consulting and
      implementation services utilizing the eXcelon XML product platform, which
      the eXcelon board expects to result in increased revenue, higher average
      sales and more profitable operations for the combined company.

    
- The opportunity to improve the sales and distribution capabilities of the
      companies, by combining the C-bridge sales force's experience in selling
      large-scale consulting engagements to senior executives of large
      enterprises with the eXcelon product set and the XML product expertise of
      the eXcelon sales force.

    
- The broader geographic coverage of the combined company's operations,
      where eXcelon's relatively greater strength in Europe and Asia-Pacific and
      C-bridge's relatively broader coverage in the United States are expected
      to complement each other.

    
- The opportunity for operational synergies and economies of scale and the
      anticipated savings from those synergies and economies of scale.

    
- The anticipated impact of the merger on the combined company's financial
      resources, particularly the extent to which C-bridge's substantial cash
      position will enhance the combined company's ability to fund additional
      sales, marketing and product development activities relating to its
      enterprise commerce management products and services.

    
- The opportunity to capitalize on each company's strong client and partner
      relationships and established reputation to provide additional solutions
      to each company's existing clients.

    
- The fact that the combined company will have a significantly larger market
      capitalization and public float than eXcelon alone, and the possibility
      that the merger will result in greater

      investment research coverage of eXcelon by industry analysts and enhanced
      trading liquidity for eXcelon stockholders.

    
- The opportunity for eXcelon to obtain the services of key members of
      C-bridge's management team, including the services of Joseph M. Bellini as
      Chief Executive Officer.

    -
Its judgment that the premium to be paid to the stockholders of C-bridge
      was reasonable in light of current industry and financial market
      conditions, the relative contributions expected to be made by the two
      companies to the results of operations of the combined company, recent
      comparable transactions and the historical trading prices and volatility
      of common stock of the two companies.

    
- The risks associated with remaining independent in light of increasing
      consolidation and competition in the business-to-business commerce
      software market.

    
- The structure of the merger and the terms of the merger agreement,
      including the fact that the fixed exchange ratio provides certainty
      regarding the number of shares of eXcelon common stock that will be issued
      in the merger, and the fact that the merger agreement permits the board of
      either company to terminate the merger agreement upon receipt of a
      superior proposal, or to amend or withdraw its recommendation under
      specified circumstances, and upon payment to the other company of a
      specified termination fee and its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
      connection with the termination.

    
- The qualification of the merger as a tax-free reorganization.

    
- The fact that all four of eXcelon's current directors will serve on the
      combined company's board of eight directors.

    
In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and recommend
approval of the merger to eXcelon's stockholders, eXcelon's board also
considered a number of risks and potentially negative factors, including the
following:

    - The recent reduction in demand for Internet consulting services generally,
      and the sharp declines in the stock prices of companies in that sector.

    
- The fact that C-bridge's revenues have declined substantially in 2001
      compared with their levels in 2000, and the risk that the restructuring
      and expense reduction programs that have been undertaken by C-bridge will
      be inadequate to compensate for its reduced levels of revenue, or may
      disrupt the ability of the combined company to carry out its business
      plan.

    
- The risk that the combined company will have difficulty integrating
      eXcelon's product platform with C-bridge's service-based solution.

    - The risk that the combined company will not be able to successfully
      integrate the employees and operations of eXcelon and C-bridge.

    
- The loss of independence that would result from the expansion of eXcelon's
      board to include an equal number of C-bridge directors.

    
- The possible adverse effects of the public announcement of the merger on
      the sales of the two companies and their respective relationships with
      their employees, suppliers and strategic partners.

    
- The possibility that eXcelon may not succeed in retaining its own key
      employees or the key employees of C-bridge.

    
- The volatility of the price of the combining companies' common stock,
      particularly in light of the fact that the exchange ratio will not be
      adjusted for declines in the price of C-bridge common stock or increases
      in the price of eXcelon common stock.

    
- The possibility that, if the merger is not completed, public perceptions
      of eXcelon's competitive position could cause the price of eXcelon common
      stock to decline.

    
- The risk that eXcelon will have to pay substantial fees and expenses if
      the merger agreement is terminated under some circumstances.

    - The significant costs that have been and will be incurred in seeking to
      consummate the merger.

    
- Other applicable risks described in this proxy statement/prospectus under
      the heading "Risk Factors.
"

    In addition, eXcelon's board of directors considered the interests that
certain of its officers and directors may have with respect to the merger in
addition to their interests as stockholders of eXcelon.
See "The
Merger--Interests of eXcelon's management and certain stockholders in the
merger" on page 58.

    
Members of eXcelon's board of directors evaluated these factors in light of
their knowledge of eXcelon's business, the markets for business-to-business
commerce management systems and object data management services and related
industries and their business judgment.
In view of the variety of factors and
the amount of information considered, eXcelon's board of directors did not find
it practicable to, and did not, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision.
The
determination was made after consideration of all of the factors taken as a
whole.
In addition, individual members of eXcelon's board may have given
different weights to different factors.

    
eXCELON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT,
THE ISSUANCE OF eXCELON COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
eXCELON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS BELIEVES THAT
THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE, FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST
INTERESTS OF eXCELON AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS AND RECOMMENDS THAT ITS STOCKHOLDERS
VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE ISSUANCE OF eXCELON COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER AND
THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

    
If the merger is not completed, eXcelon intends to continue as an
independent public company and will continue to pursue other strategic
transactions or alternatives to realize value for its stockholders.


OPINION OF eXCELON'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

    Under the terms of an engagement letter dated July 11, 2000, as amended by a
letter agreement dated as of May 7, 2001, eXcelon retained SG Cowen Securities
Corporation as its exclusive financial advisor to provide financial advisory
services and render an opinion in connection with a transaction involving all
of, or a material interest in, eXcelon.
In connection with SG Cowen's
engagement, eXcelon requested that SG Cowen evaluate the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be paid by eXcelon in the
proposed merger of eXcelon and C-bridge.

    
At the meeting of eXcelon's board of directors on May 22, 2001, SG Cowen
delivered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of
May 22, 2001, based upon and subject to the various assumptions set forth in the
opinion, the consideration to be paid by eXcelon in the proposed merger of
eXcelon and C-bridge was fair, from a financial point of view, to eXcelon.
The
consideration to be paid by eXcelon in the proposed merger was determined
through arm's-length negotiations between eXcelon and C-bridge and was approved
by eXcelon's board of directors.
SG Cowen did not

recommend the specific consideration to be paid in the proposed merger or
recommend that any specific consideration constituted the only appropriate
consideration to be paid.

    
THE FULL TEXT OF THE WRITTEN OPINION OF SG COWEN, DATED MAY 22, 2001, IS
ATTACHED AS ANNEX C AND IS INCORPORATED INTO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BY
REFERENCE.
HOLDERS OF eXCELON COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO READ THE OPINION IN ITS
ENTIRETY.
THE SUMMARY OF THE WRITTEN OPINION OF SG COWEN SET FORTH BELOW IS
QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF SG COWEN'S OPINION.

SG COWEN'S OPINION WAS PREPARED FOR AND ADDRESSED TO eXCELON'S BOARD OF
DIRECTORS AND IS DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW,
TO eXCELON OF THE CONSIDERATION TO BE PAID BY eXCELON IN THE PROPOSED MERGER OF
eXCELON AND C-BRIDGE.
SG COWEN'S OPINION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OPINION AS TO
THE MERITS OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE PROPOSED MERGER OF eXCELON AND C-BRIDGE OR
A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY STOCKHOLDER AS TO HOW TO VOTE WITH RESPECT TO THE
PROPOSED MERGER.

    
In arriving at its opinion, SG Cowen reviewed and considered the financial
and other matters it deemed relevant, including, among other things:

    - a draft of the merger agreement dated May 13, 2001;

    - some publicly available information for eXcelon, including its annual
      reports filed on Form 10-K for each of the years ended December 31, 1999
      and 2000, and its quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q for each of the
      quarters ended March 31, 2000, June 30, 2000, September 30, 2000 and
      March 31, 2001, and other relevant financial and operating data furnished
      to SG Cowen by eXcelon management;

    - some publicly available information for C-bridge, including its annual
      reports filed on Form 10-K for each of the years ended December 31, 1999
      and 2000, and its quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q for each of the
      quarters ended March 31, 2000, June 30, 2000, September 30, 2000 and
      March 31, 2001, and other relevant financial and operating data furnished
      to SG Cowen by C-bridge management;

    - some internal financial analyses, financial forecasts, reports and other
      information concerning eXcelon and C-bridge, prepared by the management of
      eXcelon and C-bridge, respectively;

    - First Call earnings estimates and financial projections in Wall Street
      analyst reports for each of eXcelon and C-bridge;

    - discussions SG Cowen had with members of the managements of each of
      eXcelon and C-bridge concerning the historical and current business
      operations, financial conditions and prospects of eXcelon and C-bridge and
      other matters SG Cowen deemed relevant;

    - some operating results, the reported price and trading histories of the
      common stock of eXcelon and C-bridge as compared to operating results, and
      the reported price and trading histories of some other publicly traded
      companies SG Cowen deemed relevant;

    - some financial terms of the merger agreement as compared to the financial
      terms of some other selected business combinations SG Cowen deemed
      relevant; and

    - other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and
      other factors that SG Cowen deemed relevant for the purposes of its
      opinion.

    
In conducting its review and rendering its opinion, SG Cowen, with eXcelon's
consent, assumed and relied upon, without independent investigation, the
accuracy and completeness of all financial and other information provided to it
by eXcelon and C-bridge, respectively, or which is publicly available.
SG Cowen
did not undertake any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or
reasonableness of, or independently verify, this information.
In addition, SG
Cowen did not conduct any physical inspection of the properties or facilities of
eXcelon or C-bridge.
SG Cowen further relied upon the assurance of management of
eXcelon that they were unaware of any facts that would make the information
provided

to SG Cowen incomplete or misleading in any respect.
SG Cowen, with eXcelon's
consent, assumed that the financial forecasts were reasonably prepared by the
respective managements of eXcelon and C-bridge on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and good faith judgments of each company's
management as to the future performance of eXcelon and C-bridge, and that these
projections, and the First Call estimates and Wall Street projections utilized
in SG Cowen's analysis, provide a reasonable basis for its opinion.

    
SG Cowen did not make or obtain any independent evaluations, valuations or
appraisals of the assets or liabilities of eXcelon or C-bridge, nor was SG Cowen
furnished with these materials.
In addition, SG Cowen did not consider the
effects of any legal matters relating to eXcelon or C-bridge.
SG Cowen's opinion
was necessarily based upon economic and market conditions and other
circumstances as they existed and could be evaluated by SG Cowen on the date of
its opinion.
It should be understood that although subsequent developments may
affect its opinion, SG Cowen does not have any obligation to update, revise or
reaffirm its opinion, and SG Cowen expressly disclaims any responsibility to do
so.

    
In rendering its opinion, SG Cowen assumed, in all respects material to its
analysis, that the representations and warranties of each party contained in the
merger agreement are true and correct, that each party will perform all of the
covenants and agreements required to be performed by it under the merger
agreement and that all conditions to the consummation of the proposed merger of
eXcelon and C-bridge will be satisfied and none will be waived.
SG Cowen assumed
that the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially similar to
the last draft received by SG Cowen before rendering its opinion.
SG Cowen also
assumed that all governmental, regulatory and other consents and approvals
contemplated by the merger agreement would be obtained and that, in the course
of obtaining any of those consents, no restrictions will be imposed or waivers
made that would have an adverse effect on the contemplated benefits of the
proposed merger between eXcelon and C-bridge.
SG Cowen also assumed that the
proposed merger between eXcelon and C-bridge would be treated as a tax-free
reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

    
SG Cowen's opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder
as to how the stockholder should vote with respect to the proposed merger of
eXcelon and C-bridge or to take any other action in connection with the proposed
merger of eXcelon and C-bridge or otherwise.
SG Cowen has not been requested to
opine as to, and SG Cowen's opinion does not in any manner address, eXcelon's
underlying business decision to effect the proposed merger between eXcelon and
C-bridge.
Furthermore, SG Cowen expresses no view as to what the value of the
eXcelon common stock actually would be when issued in the proposed merger or the
price or trading range for shares of eXcelon common stock following the
consummation of the proposed merger.

    
SG Cowen performed various procedures, including each of the financial
analyses described below, and reviewed with the management of eXcelon the
assumptions on which these analyses were based, including the historical and
projected financial results of eXcelon and C-bridge, and other factors.
No
limitations were imposed by eXcelon's board of directors with respect to the
investigations made or procedures followed by SG Cowen in rendering its opinion.

The following is a summary of the principal financial analyses performed by SG
Cowen in connection with the preparation of its opinion.
SOME OF THE SUMMARIES
OF FINANCIAL ANALYSES INCLUDE INFORMATION PRESENTED IN TABULAR FORMAT.
IN ORDER
TO FULLY UNDERSTAND THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES, THE TABLES MUST BE READ TOGETHER
WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY.
THE TABLES ALONE DO NOT CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE
DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES.
CONSIDERING THE DATA SET FORTH IN THE
TABLES WITHOUT CONSIDERING THE FULL NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL
ANALYSES, INCLUDING THE METHODOLOGIES AND ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING THE ANALYSES,
COULD CREATE A MISLEADING OR INCOMPLETE VIEW OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES.

    
RELATIVE CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS.  
SG Cowen analyzed the respective
contributions for the last twelve months and last quarter of reported revenue
and gross profit, and cash and equivalents as of March 31,

2001 and December 31, 2000, of eXcelon and C-bridge to the combined company
based upon historical financial results of eXcelon and C-bridge.

                                                                 
PERCENTAGE OF COMBINED COMPANY
                                                          --------------------------------------------
                                                          EXCELON CONTRIBUTION   C-BRIDGE CONTRIBUTION
                                                          --------------------   ---------------------

OPERATING RESULTS:
REVENUE
Last twelve months......................................      44     %               56     %
Last quarter............................................      46                     54

GROSS PROFIT
Last twelve months......................................      54                     46
Last quarter............................................      66                     34

CASH AND EQUIVALENTS
March 31, 2001..........................................      21                     79
December 31, 2000.......................................      13                     87

    ANALYSIS OF CERTAIN PUBLICLY TRADED COMPANIES--C-BRIDGE.  
To provide
contextual data and comparative market information, SG Cowen compared selected
historical operating and financial data and ratios for C-bridge to the
corresponding financial data and ratios of some other companies, referred to in
this summary as the C-bridge selected companies, whose securities are publicly
traded and which SG Cowen believes are comparable to C-bridge from an operating
standpoint.
The companies were:

    - Braun Consulting, Inc.

    - Cysive, Inc.

    - Lante Corporation

    - Scient Corp.

    - Tanning Technology Corporation

    - Viant Corporation

    The data and ratios included the market capitalization of common stock plus
total debt, preferred stock and minority interest less cash and equivalents, or
the enterprise value, of the C-bridge selected companies as multiples of the
last twelve months of reported revenue, annualized revenue for
the last reported
quarter and estimated calendar year 2001 revenues.

    
The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples
implied by the ratio of enterprise value to revenues for the C-bridge selected
companies and the same ratios for C-bridge implied by the consideration to be
paid in the proposed merger of eXcelon and C-bridge.
The

information in the table is based on the closing stock prices of the C-bridge
selected companies on May 18, 2001.

                                                           
ENTERPRISE VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF REVENUE
                                                           ------------------------------------------
                                                                                          ESTIMATED
                                                           LAST TWELVE   LAST QUARTER   CALENDAR YEAR
                                                             MONTHS       ANNUALIZED        2001
                                                           -----------   ------------   -------------

High.....................................................       1.9x          1.7x            1.7x
Median...................................................       0.0           0.0             0.3
Mean.....................................................       0.3           0.1             0.4
Low......................................................      (0.7)         (1.4)           (0.7)
Implied C-bridge multiple based on eXcelon's closing
  price on May 18, 2001..................................       
0.4x          0.5x            0.7x
Implied C-bridge multiple based on eXcelon's average
  closing price for the 30 trading-day period ended on
  May 18, 2001...........................................       
0.1x          0.1x            0.1x

    
Although information about the C-bridge selected companies was used for
comparison purposes, none of those companies is directly comparable to C-bridge.

Accordingly, an analysis of the results of this comparison is not purely
mathematical, but instead involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in historical and projected financial and operating
characteristics of the C-bridge selected companies and other factors that could
affect the public trading value of the C-bridge selected companies or C-bridge.

    
ANALYSIS OF CERTAIN PUBLICLY TRADED COMPANIES--EXCELON.  
To provide
contextual data and comparative market information, SG Cowen compared selected
historical operating and financial data and ratios for eXcelon to the
corresponding financial data and ratios of some other companies, referred to in
this summary as the eXcelon selected companies, whose securities are publicly
traded and which SG Cowen believes are comparable to eXcelon from an operating
standpoint.
The companies were:

    DATABASE COMPANIES

     - Informix Corporation

     - Novell, Inc.

     - Progress Software Corporation

     - Sybase, Inc.

     - Versant Corporation

    BUSINESS-TO-BUSINESS SOFTWARE COMPANIES

     - Mercator Software, Inc.

     - NEON Systems, Inc.

     - SilverStream Software, Inc

     - Versata, Inc.

    The data and ratios included the enterprise value of the eXcelon selected
companies as multiples of the last twelve months of reported revenue, annualized
revenue for the last reported quarter and estimated calendar year 2001 revenues.

    
The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples
implied by the ratio of enterprise value to revenues for the eXcelon selected
companies and the same ratios for eXcelon.
The information in the table is based
on the closing stock prices of the eXcelon selected companies on May 18, 2001.

                                                           
ENTERPRISE VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF REVENUE
                                                           ------------------------------------------
                                                                                          ESTIMATED
                                                           LAST TWELVE   LAST QUARTER   CALENDAR YEAR
                                                             MONTHS       ANNUALIZED        2001
                                                           -----------   ------------   -------------

DATABASE
High.....................................................      1.6x           1.8x           2.4x
Median...................................................      1.3            1.4            1.5
Mean.....................................................      1.1            1.3            1.6
Low......................................................      0.6            0.7            1.0

BUSINESS-TO-BUSINESS
High.....................................................      0.5x           0.6x           0.5x
Median...................................................      0.3            0.3            0.3
Mean.....................................................      0.3            0.3            0.3
Low......................................................      0.0            0.0            0.0

eXcelon multiple based on eXcelon's closing price on May
  18, 2001...............................................      1.1x           1.2x           1.0x
eXcelon multiple based on eXcelon's average closing price
  for the 30 trading-day period ended on May 18, 2001....      
0.6x           0.7x           0.6x

    Although information about the eXcelon selected companies was used for
comparison purposes, none of those companies is directly comparable to eXcelon.

Accordingly, an analysis of the results of this comparison is not purely
mathematical, but instead involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in historical and projected financial and operating
characteristics of the eXcelon selected companies and other factors that could
affect the public trading value of the eXcelon selected companies or eXcelon.

    ANALYSIS OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS--C-BRIDGE.  
SG Cowen reviewed the financial
terms, to the extent publicly available, of the following ten transactions,
referred to in this summary as the C-bridge selected transactions, involving the
acquisition of companies in the Internet consulting services industry, which
were announced or completed since January 28, 2000 (listed as acquiror/target):

    - Dimension Data Holdings/Proxicom, Inc.

    - International Business Machines Corporation/Mainspring, Inc.

    - Novell, Inc./Cambridge Technology Partners, Inc.

    - CGI Group, Inc./IMRGlobal Corp.

    - Francisco Partners/marchFIRST, Inc.

    - Silverline Technologies/SeraNOVA

    - Schlumberger Ltd./Convergent Group Corp.

    - Commerce One, Inc./AppNet

    - PSINet/Metamor Worldwide

    - LeapNet, Inc./SPR, Inc.

    SG Cowen reviewed the enterprise value paid in the C-bridge selected
transactions as a multiple of the last twelve months of reported revenues,
annualized revenue for the last reported quarter and estimated revenue for the
next twelve months.

    
The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples
implied by the ratio of enterprise value to revenues for the C-bridge selected
transactions and the same ratios for C-bridge implied by the consideration to be
paid in the proposed merger of eXcelon and C-bridge.

                                                              
ENTERPRISE VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF REVENUE
                                                             -------------------------------------------
                                                             LAST TWELVE    LAST QUARTER    NEXT TWELVE
                                                                MONTHS       ANNUALIZED        MONTHS
                                                             ------------   -------------   ------------

Mean.......................................................      2.8x           2.1x            1.8x
Implied C-bridge multiple based on eXcelon's closing price
  on May 18, 2001..........................................      
0.4x           0.5x            0.7x
Implied C-bridge multiple based on eXcelon's average
  closing price for the 30 trading-day period ended on May
  18, 2001.................................................      0.1x           0.1x            0.1x

    
Although information about the C-bridge selected transactions was used for
comparison purposes, none of those transactions is directly comparable to the
proposed merger of eXcelon and C-bridge, and none of the companies in those
transactions is directly comparable to C-bridge.
Accordingly, an analysis of the
results of this comparison is not purely mathematical, but instead involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in historical and
projected financial and operating characteristics of the companies involved and
other factors that could affect the acquisition value of these companies or
C-bridge.

    ANALYSIS OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS--EXCELON.  
SG Cowen reviewed the financial
terms, to the extent publicly available, of the following three transactions,
referred to in this summary as the eXcelon selected transactions, involving the
acquisition of companies in the database and business-to-business software
industry, which were announced or completed since May 31, 2000 (listed as
acquiror/target):

    - International Business Machines Corporation/Informix's database business

    - Sybase Inc./New Era of Networks, Inc.

    - Invensys plc/Baan

    SG Cowen reviewed the enterprise value paid in the eXcelon selected
transactions as a multiple of the last twelve months of reported revenues,
annualized revenue for the last reported quarter and estimated revenue for the
next twelve months.

    
The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples
implied by the ratio of enterprise value to revenues for the eXcelon selected
transactions.

                                                              
ENTERPRISE VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF REVENUE
                                                             -------------------------------------------
                                                             LAST TWELVE    LAST QUARTER    NEXT TWELVE
                                                                MONTHS       ANNUALIZED        MONTHS
                                                             ------------   -------------   ------------

Mean.......................................................      
1.4x           1.6x            1.5x

    
Although information about the eXcelon selected transactions was used for
comparison purposes, none of those transactions is directly comparable to the
proposed merger of eXcelon and C-bridge.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results
of this comparison is not purely mathematical, but instead involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in historical and projected
financial and operating characteristics of the companies involved and other
factors that could affect the acquisition value of these companies.

    
HISTORICAL EXCHANGE RATIOS.  
SG Cowen analyzed the ratios of the closing
prices of C-bridge common stock divided by the closing price of eXcelon common
stock over various periods ended May 18, 2001.
The following table presents the
average exchange ratios for those periods.

                                                                
HISTORICAL
HISTORICAL PERIOD                                             EXCHANGE RATIO
- -----------------                                             --------------

One year average............................................      
1.7110x
180-day average.............................................      1.3408
90-day average..............................................      1.1996
60-day average..............................................      
1.0802
30-day average..............................................      1.1976
15-day average..............................................      1.2348
May 18, 2001................................................      0.7758

Median of historical exchange ratios........................      1.1996x

    DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS.  
SG Cowen did not analyze the value of the
proposed merger based on the discounted cash flow of eXcelon and C-bridge
because of the limited number of years for which projected financial information
for eXcelon and C-bridge was provided to SG Cowen by eXcelon and C-bridge,
respectively.

    
The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description of
all the analyses performed by SG Cowen in connection with the proposed merger
and the preparation of its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion
involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analyses and the application of these methods to the particular
circumstances and, as a result, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, SG Cowen
made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis
and factor that it considered.
Accordingly, despite the separate factors
summarized above, SG Cowen believes, and has advised eXcelon's board of
directors, that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and the factors considered by it, without considering
all analyses and factors, could create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its opinion.
In performing its analyses, SG Cowen made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, business and economic
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of eXcelon.

The analyses performed by SG Cowen are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
the values or results suggested by these analyses.
In addition, analyses
relating to the value of businesses do not purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which businesses or securities may actually be sold.

Accordingly, these analyses and estimates are subject to uncertainty, because
they are based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties
or their respective advisors.
None of eXcelon, SG Cowen or any other person
assumes responsibility for any losses incurred if future results are materially
different from those projected.
The analyses supplied by SG Cowen and its
opinion were among several factors taken into consideration by eXcelon's board
of directors in making its decision to enter into the merger agreement and
should not be considered as determinative of that decision.

    
SG Cowen was retained by eXcelon's board of directors because SG Cowen is a
nationally recognized investment banking firm and because, as part of its
investment banking business, SG Cowen is continually engaged in the valuation of
businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

SG Cowen is providing financial services to eXcelon for which it will receive
customary fees.
In addition, in the ordinary course of its business, SG Cowen
and its affiliates trade the equity securities of eXcelon and C-bridge for their
own account and for the accounts of their customers, and, accordingly, may at
any time hold a long or short position

in those securities.
SG Cowen and its affiliates in the ordinary course of
business have from time to time provided, and in the future may continue to
provide, commercial and investment banking services to eXcelon and C-bridge,
including serving as a financial advisor on potential acquisitions and as an
underwriter on equity offerings, and have received and may in the future receive
fees for the rendering of those services.

    
Under the terms of the SG Cowen engagement letter, eXcelon paid SG Cowen a
retainer fee of $100,000 and has agreed to pay a fee of $500,000 to SG Cowen for
rendering its opinion.
In addition, if the proposed merger of eXcelon and
C-bridge is completed, SG Cowen will be entitled to receive a transaction fee of
$1.75 million for its financial advisory services.
The retainer fee and the fee
payable for SG Cowen's opinion will be credited against any transaction fee that
may be paid.
Additionally, eXcelon has agreed to reimburse SG Cowen for its
pre-approved travel and all other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including
attorneys' fees, and has agreed to indemnify SG Cowen against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws arising out
of or in connection with SG Cowen's engagement.
If the merger is not consummated
and C-bridge pays eXcelon the termination fee and reimburses eXcelon's expenses
incurred in connection with the merger, the SG Cowen engagement letter requires
eXcelon to pay SG Cowen 25% of the aggregate amount of the termination fee and
expenses reimbursement received by eXcelon.
The terms of the fee arrangement
with SG Cowen, which are customary in transactions of this nature, were
negotiated at arm's length between eXcelon and SG Cowen.
At the time SG Cowen
rendered its opinion, eXcelon's board of directors was aware of the fee
arrangement, including the fact that a significant portion of the fee payable to
SG Cowen is contingent upon the completion of the proposed merger of eXcelon and
C-bridge.


OTHER RELATIONSHIPS

    SG Cowen served as a co-managing underwriter of C-bridge's initial public
offering in December 1999, for which it received customary underwriting fees.
SG
Cowen has not been compensated for any other investment banking or other
services for eXcelon or C-bridge in the past two years.


INTERESTS OF eXCELON'S MANAGEMENT AND CERTAIN STOCKHOLDERS IN THE MERGER

    
In considering the recommendation of eXcelon's board of directors with
respect to the proposed merger, eXcelon stockholders should note that some of
eXcelon's stockholders, directors and officers have interests in the merger that
are different from, or in addition to, their interests solely as eXcelon
stockholders.
These interests may create potential conflicts of interest.
The
boards of directors of eXcelon and C-bridge were aware of these interests and
took these interests into account in approving the proposed merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

    
VOTING AGREEMENTS.  
eXcelon's directors and executive officers have entered
into irrevocable proxy and voting agreements with C-bridge, in which they
authorized C-bridge to vote their shares in favor of the issuance of eXcelon
common stock in connection with the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, the adjournment proposal and any actions
recommended by eXcelon's board of directors that are required to accomplish the
merger and related transactions.

    
CONTINUING DIRECTORS.  
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Robert M.
Agate, Gerald B. Bay, Kevin J. Burns and Robert N. Goldman will remain directors
of eXcelon.
However, the merger agreement also provides for two changes in the
current classification of the eXcelon board.
Mr. Agate, currently a Class II
director whose term will expire at the annual meeting, will become a Class I
director with a term expiring at the annual meeting of eXcelon stockholders in
2003.
Mr. Goldman, currently a Class III director whose term will expire at the
annual meeting of eXcelon stockholders in

2002, will become a Class II director with a term expiring at the annual meeting
of eXcelon stockholders in 2004.
Messrs. Bay and Burns will retain their current
director classifications.

    
CONTINUING OFFICERS.  
Following the merger, the following officers of
eXcelon will be elected to serve in the offices opposite their names:

NAME                                     OFFICE
- ----                                     ------

Robert N. Goldman......................  Chairman of the Board
Satish Maripuri........................  Chief Operating Officer
Lacey P. Brandt........................  
Chief Financial Officer

    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS.  
eXcelon has entered into employment agreements with
Robert N. Goldman, Satish Maripuri and Lacey P. Brandt.
These employment
agreements will become effective upon the consummation of the merger and will
replace the existing employment or severance agreements with these officers.
For
more information about these agreements, see "Related Agreements--Employment
agreements.
"

    ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION TO ROBERT N. GOLDMAN.  
eXcelon has agreed that, upon
consummation of the merger, it will pay Robert N. Goldman a bonus of $500,000.

eXcelon has also agreed that, upon consummation of the merger, it will forgive
the principal and interest owed by Mr. Goldman to eXcelon under a promissory
note originally executed by Mr. Goldman in favor of eXcelon in 1996 in
connection with the exercise of stock options by Mr. Goldman.
The note has a
principal amount of $572,700 and bears simple interest at 7.0% per annum.
As of
June 4, 2001, Mr. Goldman has not repaid any principal or interest on the note,
and the total amount of debt forgiven will be approximately $780,000.
In
connection with the forgiveness of this indebtedness, eXcelon has also agreed to
release its security interest in shares of eXcelon common stock pledged by
Mr. Goldman to secure the note.
For more information about this loan, see
"Management of eXcelon--Loan to executive officer."
eXcelon has also agreed to
pay Mr. Goldman's tax liability incurred under Section 280G of the Internal
Revenue Code as a result of the bonus payment and forgiveness of indebtedness
described above, and to pay any additional federal and state income tax
liabilities incurred by Mr. Goldman as a result of that payment.
eXcelon
estimates that the aggregate amount it will pay with respect to these tax
liabilities will be approximately $600,000.
Under section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code, eXcelon expects that, for purposes of calculating its federal
income tax obligations for 2001, it will not be able to deduct more than
$1.0 million of the compensation paid or deemed paid to Mr. Goldman in 2001.

    
INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE.  
After the merger, eXcelon will continue to
indemnify and advance expenses to its directors, officers, employees and other
indemnitees to the same extent as before the merger.
eXcelon also intends to
continue in place its existing officers' and directors' liability insurance
policy.


C-BRIDGE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; C-BRIDGE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS' RECOMMENDATION

    In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, C-bridge's board
of directors consulted with C-bridge's management, as well as C-bridge's
financial advisors, independent accountants and legal counsel.
Among the factors
C-bridge's board considered in its deliberations were the following:

    - The familiarity of C-bridge's board and management with the business,
      properties and prospects of C-bridge, including the opportunities
      available to C-bridge if the proposed merger did not occur.

    
- The exchange ratio negotiated with eXcelon and the implied premium over
      recent and historical market prices of C-bridge common stock, as well as
      how this premium compared to price

      premiums in several recent comparable transactions involving Internet
      professional services companies.

    
- The opinion of Robertson Stephens, Inc. that, based on and subject to
      matters stated in the opinion, as of May 22, 2001, the exchange ratio was
      fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of C-bridge common
      stock, other than eXcelon or any of its affiliates.
A copy of Robertson
      Stephens' written opinion is attached as an appendix to this proxy
      statement/ prospectus.

    
- Information and presentations by C-bridge management and legal and
      financial advisors concerning the business, technology, products,
      operations, financial condition, organizational structure and competitive
      position of C-bridge and eXcelon, on both a historical and prospective
      basis.

    
- Current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
      volatility and trading information about C-bridge common stock and eXcelon
      common stock.

    
- Corporate governance arrangements for the combined company, which will
      have a board of directors composed of four C-bridge designees, including
      three current members of C-bridge's board, and four current members of
      eXcelon's board.

    
- The impact of the merger on C-bridge's customers and employees.

    
- The terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including the
      termination fee payable to C-bridge or to eXcelon under specified
      circumstances and the ability of C-bridge to negotiate other unsolicited
      strategic transaction proposals if the C-bridge board of directors
      believes in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel,
      that to do so would be consistent with the board's fiduciary duties under
      applicable law and would be reasonably likely to lead to a proposal that
      is more favorable financially to the C-bridge stockholders than the
      merger.

    
- The terms and conditions of voting agreements of C-bridge stockholders
      which require them to vote their shares of C-bridge common stock in favor
      of the merger agreement.

    
In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, and to recommend
that the C-bridge stockholders vote to adopt the merger proposal, C-bridge's
board of directors identified the following potential benefits of the merger for
C-bridge and its stockholders, that, taken as a whole, supported its decisions:

    - C-bridge stockholders will have the opportunity to participate in the
      potential for growth of the combined company after the merger.

    
- The combined company will have a significantly larger market
      capitalization and public float than C-bridge alone; as a result, C-bridge
      stockholders who exchange their C-bridge common stock for eXcelon common
      stock in the merger may obtain a more liquid investment.

    - The merger will be tax-free to C-bridge U.S. stockholders (except to the
      extent they receive cash for any fractional shares).

    - Generally, companies that sell products rather than services have higher
      price/earnings ratios.
Because it will offer its customers products in the
      form of standardized, pre-packaged solutions and solution components, the
      combined company is expected to have a higher price/earnings ratio than
      C-bridge would have on a stand-alone basis as a provider of consulting
      services.

    -
As a result of the strategic fit between the C-bridge and eXcelon
      operations, the merger will create a company that can combine eXcelon's
      XML technology and C-bridge's strategic business consulting, diagnostic
      services and vertical industry expertise in order to produce the next
      generation of Internet business solutions, called "enterprise commerce
      management solutions.
"

    - The combined company will have the opportunity to become a leading
      provider of enterprise commerce management solutions because eXcelon's
      XML-based technology accelerates the labor-intensive process of
      integrating legacy systems with an Internet solution, which will increase
      the speed and efficiency with which the combined company can release new
      products and deliver solutions to clients.

    - By enabling C-bridge to develop standardized solutions and solution
      components based on eXcelon's XML technology, the merger will give the
      combined company the ability to respond to the shift in market demand away
      from pure consulting services billed on an hourly basis to standardized,
      pre-packaged solutions.

    - The integrated products and services offerings of the combined company
      will create and enhance cross-selling opportunities to the existing
      customer bases of each of C-bridge and eXcelon, resulting in new
      opportunities to generate revenue.

    - The market for C-bridge's products and professional services in the United
      States and internationally is highly competitive.
The integration of the
      two companies' sales forces and marketing resources will strengthen the
      combined company's market presence and its ability to effectively sell its
      products.

    - The combined company will be able to benefit from potential economies of
      scale and cost savings.

    
C-bridge's board of directors also considered opportunities that might exist
to pursue other potential business combinations, but did not solicit or receive
any written offers other than from eXcelon.

    
In its deliberations concerning the merger, C-bridge's board of directors
also identified and considered a number of risks and potentially negative
factors, including the following:

    - The risk that the per share value of the consideration to be received in
      the merger could decline significantly from the value prior to the
      announcement of the merger because the exchange ratio will not be adjusted
      for changes in the market price of C-bridge common stock or eXcelon common
      stock.

    -
The possibility that the merger might not be consummated and the potential
      adverse effects of the failure to consummate the merger on:

       - C-bridge's operating results.

       - The trading price of C-bridge common stock.

       - C-bridge's ability to attract and retain key management and other
         personnel.

    - The decreased likelihood of a third party acquisition proposal because of
      the termination fee and, to a lesser extent, the voting agreements
      described above.

    - The possibility that the integration of C-bridge and eXcelon will be an
      expensive, complex and time consuming process that may disrupt the
      business of either or both companies if not completed in a timely and
      efficient manner.

    - The risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized.

    - Other applicable risks described in this proxy statement/prospectus under
      the heading "Risk Factors.
"

    After due consideration, C-bridge's board of directors concluded that the
potential benefits to C-bridge and its stockholders of the merger outweighed the
risks associated with the merger.

    
This discussion is not exhaustive of all the factors considered by
C-bridge's board of directors.
In view of the wide variety of factors considered
in connection with the board's evaluation of the merger and the complexity of
these matters, C-bridge's board of directors did not quantify or otherwise
assign relative weights to the factors described above.
Rather, C-bridge's board
made its determination based on the totality of the information it considered.

The members of the board were aware that, as described below under "The
Merger--Interests of C-bridge's management and certain stockholders in the
merger," certain directors and officers of C-bridge have interests in the merger
in addition to, or different from, their interests as stockholders in C-bridge,
and the board considered this in deciding to recommend the transaction.

    
C-bridge and eXcelon cannot assure you that any of the expected results,
synergies, opportunities or other benefits described in this section will be
achieved as a result of the merger.

    
C-BRIDGE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT,
THE MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

C-BRIDGE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS BELIEVES THAT THE TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT
ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF C-BRIDGE AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS AND
RECOMMENDS THAT C-BRIDGE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE MERGER PROPOSAL.

    
If the merger is not completed, C-bridge intends to continue as an
independent public company and may pursue other strategic transactions or
alternatives to enhance stockholder value.


OPINION OF C-BRIDGE'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

    C-bridge retained Robertson Stephens to act as its exclusive financial
advisor in connection with the merger.
In connection with Robertson Stephens'
engagement, C-bridge requested that Robertson Stephens evaluate the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger
to holders of C-bridge common stock, other than eXcelon or any of its affiliates
or any dissenting stockholders.

    
On May 22, 2001, the C-bridge board of directors met to review the proposed
merger.
During this meeting, Robertson Stephens reviewed with C-bridge's board
certain financial analyses, as described below.
Also at the meeting on May 22,
2001, Robertson Stephens rendered to C-bridge's board its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of May 22, 2001, based upon and
subject to the various considerations set forth in the Robertson Stephens
opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger was fair, from a financial point of
view, to holders of C-bridge common stock, other than eXcelon or any of its
affiliates or any dissenting stockholders.
The exchange ratio was determined
through negotiations between the managements of C-bridge and eXcelon.
Although
Robertson Stephens assisted C-bridge in the negotiations leading to an agreement
on the principal structural terms of the merger, it was not asked to and it did
not recommend to C-bridge that any specific exchange ratio constituted the
appropriate exchange ratio for the merger.

    
The full text of the Robertson Stephens opinion, which sets forth, among
other things, assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Robertson Stephens in
rendering its opinion is attached as Annex B and is incorporated in this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference.
We urge C-bridge stockholders to read the
Robertson Stephens opinion in its entirety.
The Robertson Stephens opinion was
prepared for the benefit and use of C-bridge's board in connection with its
evaluation of the merger and does not constitute a recommendation to
stockholders of C-bridge as to how they should vote, or take any other action,
with respect to the merger.

    
The Robertson Stephens opinion does not address:

    - the relative merits of the merger and the other business strategies that
      C-bridge's board has considered or may be considering; or

    - the underlying business decision of C-bridge's board to proceed with the
      merger.

    
The summary of the Robertson Stephens opinion set forth in this proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Robertson Stephens opinion.

    
In connection with the preparation of the Robertson Stephens opinion,
Robertson Stephens, among other things:

    - reviewed selected publicly available financial statements and other
      business and financial information of C-bridge and eXcelon, respectively;

    - reviewed selected internal financial statements and other financial and
      operating data, including financial forecasts and other forward-looking
      information, concerning C-bridge prepared by the management of C-bridge;

    - reviewed selected internal financial statements and other financial and
      operating data, including financial forecasts and other forward-looking
      information, concerning eXcelon prepared by the management of eXcelon;

    - reviewed with C-bridge and eXcelon selected publicly available estimates
      of research analysts relating to C-bridge;

    - reviewed with C-bridge and eXcelon selected publicly available estimates
      of research analysts relating to eXcelon;

    - held discussions with the respective managements of C-bridge and eXcelon
      concerning the businesses, past and current operations, financial
      condition and future prospects of both C-bridge and eXcelon, independently
      and combined, including discussions with the managements of C-bridge and
      eXcelon concerning their views regarding the strategic rationale for the
      merger;

    - reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in the draft of the
      merger agreement dated May 22, 2001;

    - reviewed the stock price and trading history of C-bridge common stock and
      eXcelon common stock;

    - compared the financial performance of C-bridge and the prices and trading
      activity of C-bridge common stock with that of other publicly traded
      companies it deemed comparable with C-bridge;

    - compared the financial performance of eXcelon and the prices and trading
      activity of eXcelon common stock with that of other publicly traded
      companies it deemed comparable with eXcelon;

    - compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms, to
      the extent publicly available, of other transactions that it deemed
      relevant;

    - prepared an analysis of the relative contributions of C-bridge and eXcelon
      to the combined company;

    - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
      C-bridge and eXcelon and their financial and legal advisors; and

    - made other studies and inquiries, and reviewed other data, as it deemed
      relevant.

    
In its review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, Robertson
Stephens assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to it (including information furnished
to it orally or otherwise discussed with it by the managements of C-bridge and
eXcelon) or publicly available and neither attempted to verify, nor assumed
responsibility for verifying, any of this information.
Robertson Stephens relied
upon the assurances of C-bridge's and

eXcelon's management that they were not aware of any facts that would make this
information inaccurate or misleading.
Robertson Stephens did not obtain or make,
or assume any responsibility for obtaining or making, any independent evaluation
or appraisal of the properties, assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise)
of C-bridge or eXcelon, nor was Robertson Stephens furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal.

    
With respect to the financial forecasts and projections (and the assumptions
and bases therefor) for each of C-bridge and eXcelon that Robertson Stephens
reviewed, Robertson Stephens assumed that the forecasts and projections:

    - had been reasonably prepared in good faith on the basis of reasonable
      assumptions;

    - reflected the best available estimates and judgments as to the future
      financial condition and performance of C-bridge and eXcelon, respectively;
      and

    - will be realized in the amounts and in the time periods estimated.

    
In addition, Robertson Stephens assumed that:

    - the merger will be consummated upon the terms set forth in the merger
      agreement without material alteration, including, among other things, that
      the merger will be accounted for as a "purchase method" business
      combination in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
      principles;

    - the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the
      Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and

    - the historical financial statements of each of C-bridge and eXcelon
      reviewed by it had been prepared and fairly presented in accordance with
      U.S. GAAP consistently applied.

    
Although developments following the date of the Robertson Stephens opinion
may affect the opinion, Robertson Stephens assumed no obligation to update,
revise or reaffirm its opinion.
The Robertson Stephens opinion is necessarily
based upon market, economic and other conditions as in effect on, and
information made available to Robertson Stephens as of, the date of the
Robertson Stephens opinion.
C-bridge stockholders should understand that
subsequent developments may affect the conclusion expressed in the Robertson
Stephens opinion and that Robertson Stephens disclaims any undertaking or
obligation to advise any person of any change in any matter affecting the
opinion which may come or be brought to its attention after the date of the
opinion.
The Robertson Stephens opinion is limited to the fairness, from a
financial point of view and as of the date thereof, of the exchange ratio to
holders of shares of C-bridge common stock (other than eXcelon or any of its
affiliates or any dissenting stockholders).
Robertson Stephens does not express
any opinion as to:

    - the value of any employee agreement or other arrangement entered into in
      connection with the merger;

    - any tax or other consequences that might result from the merger; or

    - what the value of eXcelon common stock will be when issued to C-bridge's
      stockholders in the merger or the price at which the shares of eXcelon
      common stock that are issued in the merger may be traded in the future.

    
The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Robertson Stephens in connection with rendering the Robertson Stephens opinion.

The summary of the financial analyses is not a complete description of all of
the analyses performed by Robertson Stephens.
Some of the information in this
section is presented in a tabular form.
For purposes of the financial analyses
prepared in advance of and reviewed with C-bridge's board at the May 22, 2001
meeting, Robertson Stephens assumed that the exchange ratio would be 1.260.
The
exchange ratio set forth in the merger agreement of 1.2517 was agreed to by
C-bridge after the close of trading on May 22, 2001 based on the closing prices
of C-bridge common stock and eXcelon common stock on May 18, 2001.
C-bridge
stockholders should be aware that the exchange ratio set forth in the merger
agreement of 1.2517 differs slightly from the assumed exchange ratio of 1.260
that was used in the following analyses.
IN ORDER TO BETTER UNDERSTAND THE
FINANCIAL ANALYSES PERFORMED BY ROBERTSON STEPHENS, THESE TABLES MUST BE READ
TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY.
THE ROBERTSON STEPHENS OPINION IS BASED
UPON THE TOTALITY OF THE VARIOUS ANALYSES PERFORMED BY ROBERTSON STEPHENS AND NO
PARTICULAR PORTION OF THE ANALYSES HAS ANY MERIT STANDING ALONE.

    
RELATIVE CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS.  
Based upon C-bridge management's estimates
for C-bridge and financial analysts' estimates for eXcelon, Robertson Stephens
analyzed the respective contributions of the revenues and cash balance as of
March 31, 2001 of C-bridge and eXcelon to the estimated pro forma revenues and
cash balance as of March 31, 2001 of the combined company.
The following table
summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                                             C-BRIDGE   EXCELON
                                                             --------   --------

REVENUES
Calendar year 2000 revenues................................   54.1%      45.9%
Calendar year 2001 estimated revenues......................   46.3%      53.7%

CASH
As of March 31, 2001.......................................   80.2%      19.8%

    EXCHANGE RATIO ANALYSIS.  
Robertson Stephens compared the average of the
daily ratios of the closing price of C-bridge common stock to the closing price
of eXcelon common stock over various periods ending May 18, 2001.
The following
table sets forth the average of the daily ratios of the closing prices of
C-bridge common stock compared to eXcelon common stock for the various periods
ending May 18, 2001:

                                                  AVERAGE OF DAILY RATIOS OF THE CLOSING
                                 PERIOD ENDING        PRICE OF C-BRIDGE COMMON STOCK
                                 MAY 18, 2001        COMPARED TO EXCELON COMMON STOCK
                                 ------------     --------------------------------------

                               1 trading day                   0.776x
                               5 trading days                  0.867x
                               10 trading days                 1.122x
                               20 trading days                 1.236x
                               30 trading days                 1.198x
                               60 trading days                 1.080x
                               90 trading days                 1.200x
                               Last 12 months                  1.720x

    COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS--C-BRIDGE.  
Using publicly available
information, Robertson Stephens analyzed, among other things, the trading
multiples of C-bridge and selected publicly traded companies in the Internet
professional services industry, including:

    - Agency.com;

    - Braun Consulting;

    - Cysive;

    - Lante;

    - Razorfish; and

    - Viant

Multiples compared by Robertson Stephens included enterprise value (market
equity value plus book value of total debt less cash and equivalents) to
calendar year 2000 revenues, last quarter revenues (on an annualized basis) and
estimates of calendar year 2001 revenues.
All multiples were based on closing
stock prices as of May 18, 2001.

    
Using the ranges of multiples set forth in the table below that Robertson
Stephens derived from the multiples for comparable companies, the following
C-bridge equity values, price per share, exchange ratios, and the resulting
ownership of C-bridge stockholders in the combined company were implied based
upon C-bridge's calendar year 2000 revenues, last quarter revenues (on an
annualized basis) and estimates of calendar year 2001 revenues:

                                                                 MULTIPLE RANGE       IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
                                                              ---------------------   -----------------------

Calendar year 2000 revenues.................................          0.07x - 0.26x           0.820x - 1.054x
Last quarter revenues (on an annualized basis)..............          0.08x - 0.36x           0.819x - 1.119x
Calendar year 2001 estimated revenues.......................          0.10x - 0.30x           0.824x - 1.004x

    COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS--EXCELON.  
Using publicly available
information, Robertson Stephens analyzed, among other things, the trading
multiples of eXcelon and selected publicly traded companies in the application
integration and business to business infrastructure industries, including:

APPLICATION INTEGRATION                BUSINESS TO BUSINESS INFRASTRUCTURE
- - SeeBeyond                            - Documentum
- - TIBCO Software                       - iManage
- - Vitria Technology                    - Mercator Software
- - webMethods

    Multiples compared by Robertson Stephens included enterprise value to
calendar year 2000 revenues, last quarter revenues (on an annualized basis) and
estimates of calendar year 2001 revenues.
All multiples were based on closing
stock prices as of May 18, 2001.

    
Using the ranges of multiples set forth in the table below that Robertson
Stephens derived from the multiples for comparable companies, the following
eXcelon equity values, price per share, exchange ratios and the resulting
ownership of eXcelon stockholders in the combined company were implied based
upon eXcelon's calendar year 2000 revenues, last quarter revenues (on an
annualized basis) and estimates of calendar year 2001 revenues:

                                                                MULTIPLE RANGE      IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
                                                              -------------------   -----------------------

Calendar year 2000 revenues.................................         0.5x - 2.8x            1.388x - 0.320x
Last quarter revenues (on an annualized basis)..............         0.6x - 2.7x            1.356x - 0.381x
Calendar year 2001 estimated revenues.......................         0.5x - 2.2x            1.391x - 0.404x

    PREMIUMS PAID ANALYSIS.  
Using publicly available information, Robertson
Stephens analyzed the consideration offered and the premiums paid or proposed to
be paid in merger of equals transactions between $50 million and $1.0 billion in
value for the period from January 1, 1997 to May 18, 2001 in which stockholders
of the targets received approximately 40% to 60% of the combined entities
resulting from the transactions while the acquirors obtained the remaining
percentage.

    
In analyzing these precedent transactions, Robertson Stephens calculated the
premium paid by the acquirors for shares of the targets and considered the
percentage of shares acquired by stockholders of the targets and acquirors in
the combined entities resulting from the transactions.
The following table
summarizes the results of that analysis:

                                                               ONE DAY PRIOR    ONE MONTH PRIOR
                                                              TO ANNOUNCEMENT   TO ANNOUNCEMENT
                                                              ---------------   ---------------

Average Premium Paid........................................           
-0.3%         3.7%

    No company, business or transaction compared in the comparable companies
analysis or the premiums paid analysis is identical to C-bridge or eXcelon or
the proposed merger.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing is
not entirely mathematical; rather it involves complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics and
other factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading and other values
of the comparable companies, precedent transactions or the business segment,
company or transactions to which they are being compared.

    
OTHER FACTORS AND COMPARATIVE ANALYSES.  
In rendering its opinion, Robertson
Stephens considered other factors and conducted other comparative analyses,
including, among other things, a review of:

    - the history of trading prices and volume for C-bridge common stock for the
      period from May 18, 2000 to May 18, 2001;

    - the history of trading prices and volume for eXcelon common stock for the
      period from May 18, 2000 to May 18, 2001;

    - the stock price performance of C-bridge common stock compared to the
      performance of an index comprised of C-bridge comparable companies and to
      the Nasdaq Composite Index over the period from November 17, 2000 to
      May 18, 2001;

    - the stock price performance of eXcelon common stock compared to the
      performance of an index comprised of eXcelon comparable companies and to
      the Nasdaq Composite Index over the period from November 17, 2000 to
      May 18, 2001;

    - the third and fourth quarter 2001 estimates of the cash flow from
      operations for each of C-bridge, eXcelon and on a pro forma basis the
      combined company; and

    - selected published analysts' reports on C-bridge and eXcelon.

    
While the foregoing summary describes selected analyses and factors that
Robertson Stephens deemed material in its presentation to C-bridge's board, it
is not a comprehensive description of all analyses and factors considered by
Robertson Stephens.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process
that involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of these methods to the
particular circumstances and, as a result, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to summary description.
Robertson Stephens believes that its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses and of the factors considered by it, without considering all analyses
and factors, would create an incomplete view of the evaluation process
underlying the Robertson Stephens opinion.
Several analytical methodologies were
employed and no one method of analysis should be regarded as critical to the
overall conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens.
Each analytical technique has
inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature of the available information
may further affect the value of particular techniques.
The conclusions reached
by Robertson Stephens are based on all analyses and factors taken as a whole and
also on application of Robertson Stephens' own experience and judgment.
Such
conclusions may involve significant elements of subjective judgment and
qualitative analysis.
Robertson Stephens gives no opinion as to the value or
merit standing alone of any one or more parts of the analysis that it

performed.
In performing its analyses, Robertson Stephens considered general
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are
beyond the control of C-bridge and eXcelon.
The analyses performed by Robertson
Stephens are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by such
analyses.
Accordingly, analyses relating to the value of a business do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which the business actually
may be purchased.
No opinion is being expressed as to the prices at which shares
of C-bridge common stock or eXcelon common stock may be traded at any future
time.

    
The engagement letter between Robertson Stephens and C-bridge provides that
Robertson Stephens is entitled to receive a fee for its services, a substantial
portion of which is contingent upon the consummation of the merger.
C-bridge has
also agreed to reimburse Robertson Stephens for its out-of-pocket expenses,
including legal fees, and to indemnify and hold harmless Robertson Stephens and
its affiliates and any director, employee or agent of Robertson Stephens or any
of its affiliates, or any person controlling Robertson Stephens or its
affiliates, for certain losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities
relating to or arising out of services provided by Robertson Stephens as
financial advisor to C-bridge.
If the merger is not consummated and eXcelon pays
C-bridge the termination fee, the Robertson Stephens engagement letter requires
C-bridge to pay Robertson Stephens the lesser of 50% of the termination fee or
50% of the fees that would have been paid to Robertson Stephens if the merger
had been consummated.
The terms of the fee arrangement with Robertson Stephens,
which C-bridge and Robertson Stephens believe are customary in transactions of
this nature, were negotiated at arm's length between C-bridge and Robertson
Stephens, and C-bridge's board was aware of these fee arrangements, including
the fact that a significant portion of the fees payable to Robertson Stephens is
contingent upon completion of the merger.
In the past, Robertson Stephens has
provided certain investment banking services to C-bridge for which it has been
paid fees, including acting as the lead underwriter in the initial public
offering of C-bridge common stock in December of 1999.
Robertson Stephens
maintains a market in the shares of C-bridge common stock.
In the ordinary
course of its business, Robertson Stephens may trade in C-bridge's securities
and eXcelon's securities for its own account and the accounts of its customers
and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in C-bridge's
securities or eXcelon's securities.

    
Robertson Stephens was retained based on Robertson Stephens' experience as a
financial advisor in connection with mergers and acquisitions and in securities
valuations generally, as well as Robertson Stephens' investment banking
relationship and familiarity with C-bridge.

    
Robertson Stephens is an internationally recognized investment banking firm.

As part of its investment banking business, Robertson Stephens is frequently
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of
securities, private placements and other purposes.


INTERESTS OF C-BRIDGE'S MANAGEMENT AND CERTAIN STOCKHOLDERS IN THE MERGER

    
In considering the recommendation of C-bridge's board of directors with
respect to the proposed merger, C-bridge stockholders should note that some of
C-bridge's stockholders, directors and officers have interests in the merger
that are different from, or in addition to, their interests solely as C-bridge
stockholders.
These interests may create potential conflicts of interest.
The
boards of directors of eXcelon and C-bridge were aware of these interests and
took these interests into account in approving the proposed merger and the
transactions contemplated by the merger documents.

    
VOTING AGREEMENTS.  
The directors, executive officers and several
stockholders of C-bridge have entered into irrevocable proxy and voting
agreements with eXcelon, which authorize eXcelon to vote their shares in favor
of approval of the merger, the adjournment proposal and any actions

recommended by C-bridge's board of directors that are required to accomplish the
merger and related transactions.

    ELECTION OF DIRECTORS.  
Under the terms of the merger agreement, eXcelon
will cause Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr., Joseph M. Bellini, Jeffrey Horing and
Raymond J. Lane to be elected to eXcelon's board of directors.

    
C-BRIDGE STOCK OPTIONS.  
The options owned by each of C-bridge's directors
and officers will be assumed in the merger and become exercisable, in accordance
with their terms, for shares of eXcelon common stock.

    
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.  
eXcelon has agreed to elect the following officers of
C-bridge to the offices opposite their names:

NAME                                   OFFICE
- ----                                   ------

Joseph M. Bellini....................  Chief Executive Officer
Mark A. Cosway.......................  
President
Richard C. Putz......................  Chief Marketing Officer
Clifford B. Thompson.................  Secretary and General Counsel

    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.  
eXcelon has entered into an employment agreement with
Joseph M. Bellini, the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating
Officer of C-bridge.
The employment agreement will become effective upon the
consummation of the merger and will replace Mr. Bellini's existing employment
agreement.
Under the terms of the agreement, eXcelon will employ Mr. Bellini as
its Chief Executive Officer and, upon the consummation of the merger, will grant
Mr. Bellini options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of eXcelon common stock with an
exercise price equal to the fair market value of the eXcelon common stock on the
date the merger is consummated.
The options will have a term of ten years and
will vest in eight equal semi-annual installments, commencing six months after
the date of grant.
For more information about this agreement and these options,
see "Related Agreements--Employment agreements.
"

    REGISTRATION RIGHTS.  
eXcelon has entered into an investor rights agreement
with InSight Capital Partners III, L.P., InSight Capital Partners (Cayman) III,
L.P. and InSight Capital Partners III Co-Investors, L.P. granting these entities
certain registration rights with respect to the eXcelon common stock they will
acquire in the merger.
For more information about this agreement see "Related
Agreements--Investor rights agreement.
"

    INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE.  
eXcelon will indemnify all persons who were
officers, directors, employees or other indemnitees of C-bridge before the
merger to the same extent those persons were indemnified under C-bridge's
certificate of incorporation or by-laws in effect on the date of the merger
agreement.

    
eXcelon will, to the full extent permitted by Delaware law, indemnify and
advance expenses to all persons who were officers or directors of C-bridge
immediately before the merger for all actions, claims, damages, costs, expenses,
liabilities or judgments or settlements arising out of the fact that the person
is or was a director or officer of C-bridge.

    
For a period of six years after the completion of the merger, eXcelon will
use reasonable efforts to maintain in effect officers' and directors' liability
insurance for each individual covered under C-bridge's policy on the date of the
merger agreement on terms comparable to the insurance provided to eXcelon's
offers and directors.
However, if eXcelon's annual premium payments for the
insurance policy exceeds 200% of the annual premium paid by C-bridge as of the
date of the merger agreement, eXcelon will not be obligated to continue the
policy and may substitute a policy with the greatest coverage available at a
cost not exceeding that amount.


OWNERSHIP OF EXCELON COMMON STOCK FOLLOWING THE MERGER

    As a result of the merger, holders of C-bridge common stock will become
eXcelon stockholders.
Assuming that no options to purchase C-bridge common stock
are exercised before the closing of the merger, eXcelon will issue approximately
26,980,039 shares of eXcelon common stock to C-bridge stockholders in the
merger.
Following the merger, existing eXcelon stockholders will own
approximately 52.4%, and former C-bridge stockholders will own approximately
47.6%, of the combined company.
Our calculation of the percentage ownership of
eXcelon common stock following the merger is based on each company's outstanding
common stock as of June 4, 2001.
eXcelon will reserve an additional 13,285,939
shares of eXcelon common stock which may be issued upon the exercise of options
to purchase shares of C-bridge common stock, which will be assumed by eXcelon
and converted to options to purchase shares of eXcelon common stock.


MANAGEMENT OF EXCELON FOLLOWING THE MERGER

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  
If the eXcelon stockholders approve the proposals
presented at the eXcelon annual meeting, after the merger, eXcelon's board of
directors will consist of eight directors, four of whom are current directors of
eXcelon and four of whom are designated by C-bridge and include three current
directors of C-bridge.
The following individuals will serve in the classes
indicated:

NAME                                                         CLASS     TERM EXPIRES
- ----                                                        --------   
------------

Robert N. Goldman.........................................   II            2004
Joseph M. Bellini.........................................   
II            2004
Jeffrey Horing............................................   II            2004
Robert M. Agate...........................................    
I            2003
Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr...................................    
I            2003
Gerald B. Bay.............................................    
I            2003
Kevin J. Burns............................................   
III           2002
Raymond J. Lane...........................................   
III           2002

    Robert M. Agate, Gerald B. Bay, Kevin J. Burns and Robert N. Goldman
currently serve as directors of eXcelon and Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr., Joseph M.
Bellini and Raymond J. Lane currently serve as directors of C-bridge.
Jeffrey
Horing has been nominated by the C-bridge board of directors to serve on the new
board of directors of the combined company.
If any of these individuals becomes
unavailable before the completion of the merger to serve on the eXcelon board,
the boards of eXcelon and C-bridge, respectively, will select another person to
serve in that individual's place.
The eXcelon board will determine the members
of eXcelon's audit and compensation committees following the merger.

    
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.  
At the time of the merger, the board of directors of
eXcelon will elect the following officers of eXcelon:

NAME                                   OFFICE
- ----                                   
------

Robert N. Goldman....................  Chairman of the Board
Joseph M. Bellini....................  Chief Executive Officer
Mark A. Cosway.......................  
President
Satish Maripuri......................  Chief Operating Officer and Chairman
                                       of the Leadership Council
Lacey P. Brandt......................  Chief Financial Officer
Richard C. Putz......................  Chief Marketing Officer
Philip Lee...........................  President, Object Design Division
Clifford B. Thompson.................  Secretary and General Counsel

    Except as described above, key staff positions to be held by eXcelon
management and C-bridge management have not yet been finally determined.
Before
completion of the merger, final decisions

may be made with respect to the management and operations of eXcelon, including
the selection of additional executive officers, if any, and other senior
management.

    
eXcelon's corporate headquarters will remain in Burlington, Massachusetts.


RESTRICTIONS ON RESALES OF EXCELON COMMON STOCK BY AFFILIATES

    eXcelon has registered under the Securities Act the shares of eXcelon common
stock to be issued to holders of C-bridge common stock in connection with the
merger.
These shares will be freely transferable under the Securities Act,
except for shares of eXcelon common stock issued to any person who is an
affiliate of either eXcelon or C-bridge.
A person may be deemed to be an
affiliate of eXcelon or C-bridge if the person controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with eXcelon or C-bridge, respectively.
Affiliates include
the directors and executive officers and some of the principal stockholders of
eXcelon and C-bridge.
Affiliates may not sell shares of eXcelon common stock
acquired in the merger except under:

    - an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
      resale of those shares;

    - the exemption provided by Rule 145(d) under the Securities Act; or

    - any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF C-BRIDGE COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

    If we complete the merger, the C-bridge common stock will be delisted from
the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Exchange Act.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    eXcelon intends to account for the merger as a purchase transaction under
generally accepted accounting principles.
After the merger, eXcelon will include
the results of operations of C-bridge in eXcelon's consolidated financial
statements.
eXcelon will allocate the purchase price, which is equal to the
value of the aggregate merger consideration and related transaction costs at the
date of the closing, based on the fair values of the C-bridge assets acquired
and the C-bridge liabilities assumed.
The amount of the purchase price in excess
of the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of
C-bridge acquired will be recorded as goodwill and other intangible assets and
will be amortized by charges to operations under generally accepted accounting
principles.
These allocations will be made based upon valuations and other
studies that have not yet been finalized.


REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

    eXcelon and C-bridge have agreed to take all reasonable actions to comply
promptly with all legal requirements that may be imposed on them in connection
with the merger and related transactions.
The parties may need to obtain
consents, approvals, orders or authorizations from governmental agencies, and
may need to make filings, declarations or registrations with governmental
agencies.

    
Neither eXcelon nor C-bridge is aware of any material governmental or
regulatory approval required for completion of the merger, other than the
effectiveness of the registration statement of which this proxy
statement/prospectus is a part, and compliance with applicable corporate laws of
Delaware.

    
If any additional actions are required in connection with the merger or
related transactions, we intend to take those actions as promptly as possible,
but we may be unable to obtain all necessary consents, approvals, orders or
authorizations.

    
Federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or private parties could
seek to challenge the merger on antitrust or similar grounds.
If a challenge is
made, we may not prevail.
Under the merger agreement, neither party is obligated
to complete the merger if any temporary restraining order, preliminary or
permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition preventing
completion of the merger is in effect.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    The following is a brief summary of the material provisions of the merger
agreement.
You are urged to read the full text of the merger agreement, which is
attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus.


GENERAL

    The merger agreement provides for the acquisition of C-bridge by eXcelon
through the merger of Comet Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of
eXcelon, into C-bridge.
C-bridge will be the surviving corporation in the
merger.
When the merger is completed, each outstanding share of C-bridge common
stock will be converted automatically into 1.2517 shares of eXcelon common
stock.
No fractional shares of eXcelon common stock will be issued.
In lieu of a
fractional share, eXcelon will pay in cash, rounded to the nearest whole cent,
an amount equal to the fraction multiplied by the average closing price of one
share of eXcelon common stock on the Nasdaq National Market for the ten trading
days before the closing of the merger.


CONVERSION OF C-BRIDGE COMMON STOCK

    At the time of the merger, the following will occur:

    - each share of C-bridge common stock owned by C-bridge as treasury stock
      and each share of C-bridge common stock owned by eXcelon or any wholly
      owned subsidiary of eXcelon or C-bridge will be canceled; and

    - each share of C-bridge common stock issued and outstanding when the merger
      is closed which has not been canceled will be converted into the right to
      receive 1.2517 shares of eXcelon common stock and a cash payment in lieu
      of fractional shares, if any.

TREATMENT OF C-BRIDGE STOCK OPTIONS

    
eXcelon will assume each option to purchase C-bridge common stock that is
outstanding and unexercised when the merger becomes effective.
eXcelon will
assume each option plan under which any assumed option was granted, and each
such assumed option will continue to be governed by the option plan under which
it was granted.
Each option will entitle the holder to purchase a number of
shares of eXcelon common stock equal to the number of shares of C-bridge common
stock subject to the option multiplied by the exchange ratio of 1.2517, rounded
down to the nearest whole share.
The exercise price of each option will equal
the exercise price per share of C-bridge common stock at which the option was
exercisable immediately before the closing of the merger divided by the exchange
ratio of 1.2517, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.
For example, if a person
holds an unexercised option to purchase 100 shares of C-bridge common stock for
$1.00 per share, as of the closing of the merger eXcelon will assume that
option, and it will become an option to purchase 125 shares of eXcelon common
stock for $0.80 per share.
The other terms of the option, such as its expiration
date, will be unchanged.
After the closing of the merger, eXcelon will issue to
each holder of assumed C-bridge options a document confirming its assumption of
the option.
However, eXcelon will not issue any confirmation, nor will eXcelon
issue any shares of eXcelon common stock upon exercise of an assumed option,
until the shares of eXcelon common stock issuable upon exercise of the assumed
options are:

    - registered with the SEC on Form S-8, which eXcelon has agreed to file with
      the SEC within ten business days after the closing of the merger;

    - listed as additional shares for inclusion on the Nasdaq National Market;
      and

    - authorized for sale by any appropriate state securities regulators, if
      necessary.


TREATMENT OF RIGHTS UNDER C-BRIDGE EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    At the closing of the merger, all rights to purchase shares of C-bridge
common stock under C-bridge's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be
converted into rights to purchase shares of eXcelon common stock in accordance
with the terms of the stock purchase plan.


EXCHANGE OF C-BRIDGE CERTIFICATES

    Promptly after the closing of the merger, eXcelon will cause the exchange
agent, EquiServe, to send to each C-bridge stockholder a letter of transmittal
and instructions for use in exchanging C-bridge stock certificates for
certificates representing shares of eXcelon common stock and, if applicable, for
a check for the fractional share amount to which the stockholder is entitled.

    
Each C-bridge stockholder must surrender to the exchange agent all of his or
her C-bridge stock certificates along with a properly executed and completed
letter of transmittal before he or she can receive certificates representing
shares of eXcelon common stock and a cash payment for fractional shares, if any.

Until surrendered, outstanding C-bridge stock certificates will be treated for
all corporate purposes, other than payment of dividends, as evidence of
ownership of shares of eXcelon common stock into which the shares of C-bridge
common stock have been automatically converted.
If after May 22, 2001, the date
of the merger agreement, eXcelon declares or makes any dividends or other
distributions on its common stock with a record date after the date of the
closing of the merger, then any holder of record of C-bridge common stock will
not be paid these dividends or other distributions until he or she surrenders
his or her C-bridge stock certificate along with a properly executed and
completed letter of transmittal.
When the stockholder surrenders his or her
C-bridge stock certificates, eXcelon will pay the dividends or other
distributions, without interest, to the record holder.
No transfer of shares of
C-bridge common stock will be made on the stock transfer books of C-bridge after
the closing of the merger.

    
C-bridge stockholders should not surrender their C-bridge stock certificates
for exchange until they receive the letter of transmittal and instructions from
the exchange agent.
However, C-bridge stockholders are urged to notify EquiServe
immediately if their C-bridge stock certificates are lost, stolen, destroyed or
not properly registered, in order to begin the process of obtaining replacement
C-bridge stock certificates.
EquiServe can be reached at 150 Royall Street,
Canton, Massachusetts 02021, (781) 575-4575.

    
Neither eXcelon, Comet Acquisition Corp., C-bridge, nor the exchange agent
will be liable to any C-bridge stockholder or eXcelon stockholder for any
undistributed shares of eXcelon common stock or cash amounts that are delivered
to a public official under applicable abandoned property or similar laws.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    
The merger agreement contains representations and warranties of C-bridge and
eXcelon relating to, among other things:

    - corporate organization, authority and qualification;

    - capital structure;

    - obligations with respect to capital stock;

    - authority to execute and validity of the merger agreement;

    - absence of conflicts, violations and defaults as a result of the merger;

    - consents and approvals required for the merger;

    - SEC filings and financial statements;

    - absence of specified changes or events;

    - taxes;

    - restrictions on business activities;

    - absence of liens and encumbrances;

    - intellectual property;

    - agreements, contracts and commitments;

    - absence of defaults;

    - permits;

    - absence of litigation;

    - environmental matters;

    - brokers and finders fees;

    - labor matters;

    - employee benefit plans;

    - compliance with laws;

    - change of control payments;

    - information supplied in connection with this proxy statement/prospectus
      and the registration statement in which this proxy statement/prospectus is
      included;

    - board approval of the merger;

    - fairness opinion;

    - no existing discussions with respect to competing acquisition proposals;

    - inapplicability of anti-takeover laws;

    - qualification of the merger as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of
      the Internal Revenue Code;

    - absence of undisclosed liabilities;

    - insurance;

    - in the case of C-bridge, absence of dissenters' rights; and

    - in the case of eXcelon, matters regarding Comet Acquisition Corp.

    
The merger agreement provides that these representations and warranties will
not survive, or continue in effect, after the closing date of the merger.


COVENANTS

    Each of C-bridge and eXcelon has agreed that, until the closing of the
merger or the termination of the merger agreement, it will generally:

    - conduct its business in the ordinary course of business and consistent
      with past practice;

    - not accelerate, amend or change the period of exercisability of options or
      restricted stock, or reprice options, or authorize cash payments for
      options;

    - not grant severance or termination pay to employees except in connection
      with termination of non-executive officer employees consistent with past
      practices and as disclosed, or pursuant to written agreements;

    - not transfer or license or otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to
      its intellectual property or enter into grants to future patent rights,
      other than licenses in connection with the sale of goods or services
      entered into in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
      practice;

    - not commence any litigation other than for the routine collection of
      bills, software piracy, or if the failure to commence suit would result in
      the material impairment of a valuable aspect of its business;

    - not declare or pay any dividends on or make any other distributions in
      respect of any of its capital stock, or split, combine or reclassify any
      of its capital stock, or issue or authorize the issuance of any other
      securities for shares of its capital stock;

    - not repurchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock except
      in specified circumstances;

    - not issue, deliver or sell or authorize or propose the issuance, delivery
      or sale of, any shares of its capital stock or any class or securities
      convertible into shares of its capital stock, except in connection with
      stock options or an employee stock purchase plan, as specified;

    - not amend its organizational documents;

    - not acquire or agree to acquire any business or assets which are material,
      individually or in the aggregate, to its business, or enter into any joint
      ventures, strategic partnerships or alliances or purchase any
      distributors;

    - not sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any rights to its
      material properties or assets, except in the ordinary course of business
      consistent with past practice or, in the case of eXcelon, under a
      specified credit facility;

    - not incur or guarantee any indebtedness, other than ordinary course trade
      payables or pursuant to existing credit facilities in the ordinary course
      of business or, in the case of eXcelon, additional credit facilities in an
      aggregate principal amount up to $5,000,000;

    - not adopt or (except to the extent required to conform to applicable laws)
      amend any employee benefit, stock purchase or option plan, or enter into
      any employment contract, pay any annual bonus or annual remuneration to
      any director or employee, or increase the salaries or wage rates of its
      employees other than in the ordinary course of business, consistent with
      past practice;

    - not revalue any of its assets;

    - not pay in excess of $100,000 in any one case or $250,000 in the aggregate
      for any claim, liability or obligation other than the payment in the
      ordinary course of business of liabilities of the type reflected or
      reserved against in its financial statements;

    - not make any material tax election, change any accounting method for
      taxes, file any material tax return or any amendment, settle any tax claim
      or assessment or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation
      period applicable to any tax claim or assessment;

    - not take any action with the knowledge that the action would, or is
      reasonably likely to, prevent the merger from qualifying as a tax-free
      reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

    - not take any action reasonably likely to cause any of the conditions to
      the merger not to be satisfied.


NO SOLICITATION OF COMPETING ACQUISITION PROPOSALS

    In general, each of C-bridge and eXcelon has agreed that until the closing
of the merger it will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage the
submission of any inquiries, proposals or offers by any third party, or
participate in any discussions or negotiations with any third party, or disclose
or make available any information concerning itself to any third party, or
otherwise assist, facilitate or encourage, or enter into any agreement or
understanding with, any third party, in connection with any acquisition proposal
by such third party.
Each of C-bridge and eXcelon has also agreed that it will
not, directly or indirectly, make or authorize any statement, recommendation or
solicitation in support of any acquisition proposal by any third party.
C-bridge
and eXcelon have each agreed to immediately cease any and all existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with any third parties with respect to
any of the foregoing.

    
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if either C-bridge or eXcelon receives in
writing a BONA FIDE, unsolicited acquisition proposal or indication of interest
in making an acquisition proposal, and its board of directors determines, in
good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that to do so would
be consistent with the board's fiduciary duties under applicable law and would
be reasonably likely to lead to an acquisition proposal that, in the board's
good faith determination after consultation with its independent financial
advisors, would be more favorable to its stockholders from a financial point of
view, is reasonably capable of being financed and is likely to be consummated,
such party may participate in discussions or negotiations with, or furnish
information to, the third party from which it received the acquisition proposal
or indication of interest.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C-bridge or eXcelon
receives a BONA FIDE, unsolicited acquisition proposal as to which financing is
not committed and such party's board of directors determines in good faith that
such acquisition proposal would, but for the question of the financial
capability of the proposed acquirer, constitute a superior proposal, then such
party may conduct such limited inquiries of the proposed acquirer as are
necessary for the sole purpose of ascertaining whether the proposed transaction
is reasonably capable of being consummated so as to constitute a superior
proposal.

    
Any party receiving an acquisition proposal or inquiry must immediately
notify the other party of the proposal or inquiry, communicate to the other
party the terms and conditions of the acquisition proposal or inquiry and the
identity of the third party who made the acquisition proposal or inquiry.
Before
disclosing any information to any third party with respect to any superior
proposal, the party receiving the proposal must notify the other party of the
information proposed to be disclosed, and the receiving party may disclose the
information to the third party only under appropriate confidentiality
arrangements.

    
Either party's board of directors may approve a superior proposal or
recommend it to its stockholders if the board determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside legal counsel, that the action is consistent with its
fiduciary duties under applicable law, and in that case, the board may amend or
withdraw its recommendation of the merger.
However, neither party's board of
directors may take any of the foregoing actions until the fifth business day
after it has notified the other party that the board is prepared to recommend a
superior proposal to its stockholders, specifying the terms and conditions of
the superior proposal and identifying the person making the superior proposal.

During this five business day period, the other party may make a counterproposal
to the superior proposal, and the party receiving the superior proposal is
obligated, subject to the fiduciary duties of its board of

directors, to negotiate with the other party with respect to the counterproposal
for a reasonable period of time.


CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

    The obligations of C-bridge and eXcelon to complete the merger depend upon
the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions, including the following:

    - the approval and adoption of the merger agreement by the holders of a
      majority of the outstanding C-bridge common stock and the approval by
      eXcelon's stockholders of the issuance of the eXcelon common stock in
      connection with the merger and the assumed C-bridge stock options, option
      plans and employee stock purchase plan;

    - the effectiveness of, and the absence of stop order proceedings with
      respect to, the registration statement that includes this proxy
      statement/prospectus;

    - the receipt by eXcelon of all federal or state securities permits and
      other authorizations necessary to issue the eXcelon common stock in
      connection with the merger and the assumed C-bridge stock options and
      employee stock purchase plan;

    - the absence of stop orders, injunctions or other legal or regulatory
      restraints prohibiting the merger;

    - the receipt by eXcelon from its counsel, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, and the
      receipt by C-bridge from its counsel, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, of a
      written opinion that the merger will constitute a reorganization within
      the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

    - the listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of eXcelon common
      stock to be issued to the C-bridge stockholders and the other shares
      required to be reserved for issuance in connection with the merger.

    
The obligation of C-bridge to complete the merger also depends on the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

    - the representations and warranties of eXcelon and its wholly owned
      subsidiary in the merger agreement must be true and correct in all
      material respects;

    - eXcelon and its wholly owned subsidiary must perform and comply in all
      material respects with all of their agreements and covenants under the
      merger agreement;

    - eXcelon must obtain all required consents, approvals and waivers;

    - C-bridge must receive a legal opinion from Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP,
      counsel to eXcelon; and

    - there must have been no material adverse change in eXcelon.

    
The obligation of eXcelon and its subsidiary to complete the merger also
depends on the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

    - The representations and warranties of C-bridge in the merger agreement
      must be true and correct in all material respects;

    - C-bridge must perform and comply in all material respects with all of its
      agreements and covenants under the merger agreement;

    - C-bridge must obtain all required consents, approvals and waivers;

    - eXcelon must receive a legal opinion from Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP,
      counsel to C-bridge;

    - there must have been no material adverse change in C-bridge; and

    - Joseph M. Bellini must have entered into an employment agreement with
      eXcelon, and such employment agreement must be in full force and effect.


EXPENSES AND TERMINATION FEE

    Generally, all fees and expenses incurred by either party will be paid by
the party incurring the expenses, whether the merger is consummated or not,
except that eXcelon and C-bridge will share equally all fees and expenses (other
than attorneys', accountants' and financial advisors' fees) incurred in
connection with the printing and filing of this proxy statement/prospectus and
the registration statement in which it is included.

    
If the merger agreement is terminated by either party because either party's
board of directors accepts or approves a superior proposal or recommends a
superior proposal to its stockholders, then the party accepting, approving or
recommending the superior proposal will pay the other party for all its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred since March 1, 2001 in connection
with the merger, up to a maximum of $1,750,000.
If the merger agreement is
terminated by either party because the other party's board of directors amends,
withholds or withdraws its recommendation of the merger and if the terminating
party is not then in material breach of the terms of the merger agreement, then
such other party will pay the terminating party for all of its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred since March 1, 2001 in connection with the
merger, up to a maximum of $1,750,000.

    
If the merger agreement is terminated by either party because either party's
board of directors accepts or approves a superior proposal or recommends a
superior proposal to its stockholders, then the party accepting, approving or
recommending the superior proposal will pay the other party a termination fee of
$3,000,000.
If the merger agreement is terminated by either party because the
other party's board of directors amends, withholds or withdraws its
recommendation of the merger and if the terminating party is not then in
material breach of the terms of the merger agreement, then such other party will
pay the terminating party a termination fee of $3,000,000.


TERMINATION

    
The merger agreement may be terminated, and the merger may be abandoned, at
any time before C-bridge and eXcelon complete the merger:

    - by C-bridge's and eXcelon's mutual written consent;

    - by either party if the other party has breached any representation,
      warranty, covenant or agreement in the merger agreement and the breach has
      not been cured within five business days after written notice by the
      non-breaching party.
The merger agreement may not be terminated due to
      another party's breach if the terminating party is in material breach of
      the terms of the merger agreement.
Also, no cure period is required for a
      breach which by its nature cannot be cured;

    - by either party if the other party's board of directors amends, withholds
      or withdraws its recommendation of the merger, provided that the
      terminating party is not in material breach of the terms of the merger
      agreement;

    - by either party if there is a final, non-appealable order of a federal or
      state court in effect preventing consummation of the merger;

    - by either party if there is any final action taken, or any statute, rule,
      regulation or order enacted by any governmental entity which would make
      consummation of the merger illegal, prohibit eXcelon's ownership or
      operation of all or a material portion of C-bridge's business or compel

      eXcelon to dispose of or hold separate all or a material portion of
      eXcelon's or C-bridge's business or assets as a result of the merger;

    - by either party if C-bridge's stockholders do not approve and adopt the
      merger and the merger agreement, provided that C-bridge may not terminate
      the merger agreement in these circumstances if it is in material breach of
      the merger agreement;

    - by either party if eXcelon's stockholders do not approve the merger and
      the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, provided that
      eXcelon may not terminate the merger agreement in these circumstances if
      it is in material breach of the merger agreement;

    - by either party if the merger is not consummated by October 31, 2001.
The
      right to terminate the merger agreement in this circumstance is not
      available to any party whose willful failure to fulfill any material
      obligation under the merger agreement has been the cause of, or resulted
      in, the failure of the merger to be completed on or before that date; and

    - by either party if eXcelon's or C-bridge's board of directors accepts or
      approves a superior proposal, or recommends a superior proposal to its
      stockholders.


AMENDMENT

    
The parties may amend the merger agreement at any time in writing.


WAIVER AND EXTENSION

    Either party may waive any obligation of the other party under the merger
agreement or give the other party additional time to comply with the obligation.

Any waiver or extension must be in writing and must be signed by the party
giving the waiver or extension.


CLOSING AND EFFECTIVE TIME

    Unless eXcelon and C-bridge agree to another date, the closing date for the
merger will occur on or before the second business day after all of the
conditions to the merger have been satisfied or waived, but not later than
October 31, 2001.
Upon the closing of the merger, the parties will file a
certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
The merger will
become effective at the time this filing is made.

                               
RELATED AGREEMENTS

VOTING AGREEMENTS

    In connection with the signing of the merger agreement, eXcelon and C-bridge
each requested that the directors and executive officers, and in the case of
C-bridge certain principal stockholders, of the other party sign irrevocable
proxy and voting agreements with respect to the merger-related proposals to be
presented at the parties' respective stockholder meetings.
These directors,
officers and stockholders did not receive any additional consideration for
signing these agreements.
eXcelon entered into voting agreements with the
following directors, executive officers and stockholders of C-bridge: Lawrence
Alston, Donald W. Amaya, Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr., Joseph M. Bellini, Paul R.
Charron, Mark A. Cosway, Hamilton Trust Company Ltd., Field Nominees Ltd.,
InSight Capital Partners III, L.P., InSight Capital Partners (Cayman)
III, L.P., InSight Capital Partners III Co-Investors, L.P., Internet Business
Capital Company Ltd., Gerard F. King, II, Raymond J. Lane, Richard C. Putz,
Ramanan Raghavendran, R. Jeffrey Spurrier and Clifford B. Thompson.
C-bridge
entered into voting agreements with the following directors, executive officers
and stockholders of eXcelon: Robert M. Agate, Gerald B. Bay, Lacey P. Brandt,
Kevin J. Burns, Robert N. Goldman, Philip Lee and Satish Maripuri.

    
Each person who signed an irrevocable proxy and voting agreement agreed that
he or she would vote all of the shares over which he or she has voting power,
including after-acquired shares and shares resulting from the exercise of stock
options, as follows:

    - in favor of approval of the merger and the merger agreement;

    - in favor of any action recommended by the board of directors and required
      to accomplish the merger and related transactions, except that C-bridge
      signatories are not required to vote in favor of any proposal that would
      reduce the exchange ratio, and that eXcelon signatories are not required
      to vote in favor of any proposal that would increase the exchange ratio;

    - in favor of the adjournment proposal;

    - against any proposal to authorize any action that would result in a breach
      of any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation under
      the merger agreement or that would prevent the consummation of the merger;

    - against any proposal to enter or consent to any "third-party acquisition,"
      which the irrevocable proxies and voting agreements define as: the
      acquisition of the company by any third party, including in any superior
      proposal; the acquisition by any third party of 5% or more of the assets
      of the company, other than in the ordinary course of business and
      consistent with past practice; the acquisition by any third party of 5% or
      more of the company's shares of common stock; the adoption by the company
      of a plan of liquidation or dissolution or the declaration of an
      extraordinary dividend; the acquisition, or any group of related
      acquisitions, of a direct or indirect ownership interest or investment in
      any one or more businesses whose annual revenue, net income or assets is
      equal to or greater than 5% of the assets of the company;

    - against any change in the individuals who, as of the date of the
      irrevocable proxy and voting agreement, constitute the board of directors
      of the company, except as contemplated by the merger agreement;

    - against any extraordinary corporate transaction, such as merger,
      consolidation or other business combination involving the company and any
      third party, other than the merger;

    - against a sale, lease, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all
      of the company's business outside the ordinary course of business, or of
      any assets that are material to the company's business, whether or not in
      the ordinary course of business, or a reorganization, recapitalization,
      dissolution or liquidation of the company;

    - against any amendment of the company's certificate of incorporation or
      bylaws, except as contemplated by the merger agreement; and

    - against any other action that might adversely affect the merger or any
      related transactions.

    
Each director or executive officer of eXcelon who signed a voting agreement
also granted an irrevocable proxy in favor of C-bridge, and each director,
executive officer or stockholder of C-bridge who signed a voting agreement also
granted an irrevocable proxy in favor of eXcelon.
Each proxy entitles the
receiving party to vote the shares covered by the proxy in accordance with the
voting agreement without the consent or cooperation of the person who gave the
proxy.
Neither the voting agreements nor the proxies granted under them entitle
the receiving party to vote on the other proposals described in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

    
Except in the case of the voting agreements entered into by Hamilton Trust
Company, Field Nominees Ltd. and Internet Business Capital Company Ltd., each
voting agreement generally provides that the stockholder will not transfer,
sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares over which the stockholder has
voting power or in which the stockholder has any interest, and will not exercise
any options to purchase shares.
Each agreement also generally provides that the
stockholder will cease

existing discussions or negotiations with respect to any acquisition of C-bridge
or eXcelon, as the case may be, by any third party, and will not initiate,
solicit or knowingly encourage or facilitate any acquisition proposals or
inquiries by any third party.
Each stockholder also agreed to notify the other
party of any proposals or inquiries received by the stockholder or of which the
stockholder has knowledge relating to a potential acquisition by a third party.

    
The voting agreements terminate upon the earlier of the closing of the
merger or termination of the merger agreement or, in the case of Internet
Business Capital Company, Ltd., on September 20, 2001.

    
As of June 4, 2001, the directors and executive officers of eXcelon who
signed voting agreements beneficially owned an aggregate of 1,356,599
outstanding shares of eXcelon common stock, which represented approximately 4.6%
of the shares of eXcelon common stock outstanding on that date.

    
As of June 4, 2001, the directors, officers and stockholders of C-bridge who
signed voting agreements beneficially owned an aggregate of 10,299,666
outstanding shares of C-bridge common stock, which represented approximately
47.8% of the shares of C-bridge common stock outstanding on that date.


INVESTOR RIGHTS AGREEMENT

    On October 7, 1999, C-bridge entered into an investor rights agreement with
InSight Capital Partners, III, L.P., InSight Capital Partners (Cayman)

III, L.P. and InSight Capital Partners III Co-Investors, L.P., which we refer to
as the "InSight Capital entities."
Under the investor rights agreement, the
Insight Capital entities were entitled to require C-bridge to register with the
SEC for resale in a public offering the shares of capital stock of C-bridge held
by them, and were also entitled to participate as selling stockholders in
registered public offerings initiated by C-bridge.
To induce the InSight Capital
entities to execute the voting agreement, eXcelon entered into a new investor
rights agreement with the InSight Capital entities, in which eXcelon granted to
the InSight Capital entities registration rights with respect to the eXcelon
common stock to be acquired by them in the merger that are substantially
equivalent to those granted by C-bridge in the original investor rights
agreement.
The original investor rights agreement will be terminated at the
effective time of the merger.

    
Ramanan Raghavendran, a director of C-bridge, is Special Partner, Asia, for
InSight Capital Partners and formerly was affiliated with the InSight Capital
entities.
Jeffrey Horing, a nominee for election as a director of the combined
company, is a general partner of InSight Capital Partners.
The InSight Capital
entities, as of June 4, 2001, held an aggregate of 2,050,000 shares of C-bridge
common stock, which will represent, after the merger, approximately 2,566,000
shares of eXcelon common stock.
All of these shares will be eligible for
registration pursuant to eXcelon's new investor rights agreement with the
InSight Capital entities.


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

    Robert N. Goldman, Joseph M. Bellini, Satish Maripuri and Lacey P. Brandt
have each signed employment agreements with eXcelon that will become effective
upon the closing of the merger.
In addition, each of these individuals has
signed or will sign a non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure and
developments agreement with eXcelon.

    
The following is a summary of these employment agreements.

    
ROBERT N. GOLDMAN.  
Robert N. Goldman, eXcelon's Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, signed a new employment agreement that, upon the closing of
the merger, will replace his existing employment agreement with eXcelon.

Following the merger, eXcelon will employ Mr. Goldman as its Chairman of the
Board.
The employment agreement has a term of two years, commencing on the
closing of the merger.

    
Under the new agreement, eXcelon will pay Mr. Goldman an annual salary of
$250,000, as well as a cash bonus of $500,000 payable upon the closing of the
merger.
Mr. Goldman is also entitled to receive the benefits that eXcelon
generally provides from time to time to its senior executives.

    
The agreement provides that, upon a change of control of eXcelon, all of
Mr. Goldman's options to purchase eXcelon common stock will immediately vest and
become fully exercisable.
If within 12 months after a change of control either
eXcelon terminates Mr. Goldman's employment without cause or Mr. Goldman
terminates his employment within 90 days after a constructive termination, then
Mr. Goldman may exercise his options at any time in the one-year period
following his termination.
eXcelon and Mr. Goldman agreed that a constructive
termination means any of the following: the relocation of Mr. Goldman's
principal workplace to a location more than 50 miles from his current location;
the assignment to him of duties and responsibilities inappropriate for eXcelon's
Chairman of the Board; a failure to appoint him to eXcelon's board of directors;
or a reduction in his compensation or benefits.

    
The agreement provides that Mr. Goldman's employment will terminate or may
be terminated as follows:

    - upon Mr. Goldman's death;

    - by eXcelon, if Mr. Goldman suffers a disability, which is a mental or
      physical condition that prevents him from substantially performing his
      duties as Chairman of the Board for a period of three consecutive months
      or more;

    - voluntarily by Mr. Goldman, at any time upon written notice to eXcelon;

    - voluntarily by Mr. Goldman, within 90 days after a constructive
      termination;

    - by eXcelon for cause; and

    - by eXcelon without cause.

    
eXcelon and Mr. Goldman agreed that cause includes the following: his
conviction of a felony offense; his commission of fraud or embezzlement with
respect to funds of eXcelon; negligence in the performance of his duties which
results in a material detriment to eXcelon; his failure to comply with lawful
instructions by the board or his material failure to comply with reasonable
policies, directives, standards and regulations adopted by eXcelon, but only if
he does not cure the failure within 30 days after written notice; his breach of
eXcelon's non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure and developments
agreement; and his commission of any intentional act that would reasonably be
expected to have, and that does have, a material adverse effect on the goodwill
or reputation of eXcelon or on its relationships with its customers or
employees.

    
The agreement includes provisions regarding the payment of severance and
benefits upon termination of employment.
If Mr. Goldman voluntarily terminates
his employment or if eXcelon terminates his employment for cause, he will not be
entitled to any severance payment.
If eXcelon terminates Mr. Goldman's
employment without cause, or if Mr. Goldman voluntarily terminates his
employment after a constructive termination, he will receive severance that
includes payment of his salary and benefits until the end of the original
employment term of two years.
If eXcelon terminates his employment for
disability, Mr. Goldman will be entitled to the benefits that are payable under
eXcelon's disability insurance policies and disability plans.

    
The agreement also provides that eXcelon will indemnify Mr. Goldman, to the
fullest extent permitted by law and eXcelon's charter and bylaws, against all
liabilities and costs resulting from any claim which relates to his serving in
the capacity of a director, officer or employee of eXcelon.

    
JOSEPH M. BELLINI.  
Joseph M. Bellini, C-bridge's Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Operating Officer, signed an employment agreement that, upon
the closing of the merger, will replace his existing employment agreement with
C-bridge.
Following the merger, eXcelon will employ Mr. Bellini as its Chief
Executive Officer.
The employment agreement has an initial term of two years,
commencing with the closing of the merger.
The agreement will automatically
renew for additional one-year periods unless eXcelon notifies Mr. Bellini at
least 90 days before the end of the then-current term that it does not wish to
extend the agreement.

    
Under the agreement, eXcelon will pay Mr. Bellini an annual salary of
$300,000.
At the end of each year of employment, eXcelon will adjust his salary
to reflect changes in the cost of living index.
Mr. Bellini may receive an
annual performance bonus of up to $300,000, depending on achievement of goals to
be determined between him and eXcelon.
The board or the compensation committee
will review his compensation annually and may increase his salary or bonus at
its discretion.
Mr. Bellini is also entitled to receive the benefits that
eXcelon generally provides from time to time to its senior executives, as well
as four weeks of paid vacation each year.

    
The agreement provides that at the closing of the merger Mr. Bellini will
receive options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of eXcelon common stock at an
exercise price equal to the fair market value of the eXcelon common stock on the
date of grant.
The option will have a term of ten years and will vest in eight
equal semi-annual installments, beginning six months after the date of the
grant.
The options will vest in full upon Mr. Bellini's death, disability or
termination by eXcelon without cause, and will remain exercisable until the
later of their original expiration date or one year after termination of
Mr. Bellini's employment.
Under the agreement, these options, as well as any
other options to purchase eXcelon common stock held by Mr. Bellini immediately
following the closing of the merger, will vest immediately if eXcelon is sold or
if there is a change of control of eXcelon.

    
The agreement provides that Mr. Bellini's employment will terminate or may
be terminated as follows:

    - upon Mr. Bellini's death;

    - by eXcelon, if Mr. Bellini suffers a disability, which is a mental or
      physical condition that prevents him from substantially performing his
      duties as Chief Executive Officer for a period of three consecutive months
      or more;

    - voluntarily by Mr. Bellini, at any time upon 90-days' written notice to
      eXcelon;

    - voluntarily by Mr. Bellini, within 180 days after a constructive
      termination;

    - by eXcelon for cause; and

    - by eXcelon without cause.

    
eXcelon and Mr. Bellini agreed that cause means his conviction of a felony
offense and that a constructive termination means any of the following: the
relocation of Mr. Bellini's principal workplace to a location more than 20 miles
from his current location; the assignment to him of duties and responsibilities
inconsistent with his position or inappropriate for eXcelon's Chief Executive
Officer; a failure to appoint him to eXcelon's board of directors or a
requirement that he report to anyone other than the board of directors; a
reduction in his compensation or benefits; or delivery of a notice by eXcelon
that it does not wish to extend the agreement.

    
The agreement includes provisions regarding payment of severance and
benefits upon termination of employment.
If Mr. Bellini voluntarily terminates
his employment or if eXcelon terminates his employment for cause, he will not
entitled to any severance payment.
If eXcelon terminates Mr. Bellini's
employment without cause or as a result of his death or disability, or if
Mr. Bellini voluntarily terminates his employment within 180 days after a
constructive termination, he will receive

severance that includes payment of his salary and benefits for a period of
12 months, plus 100% of the amount of the maximum performance bonus in effect
for the year in which the termination occurs.

    
The agreement also provides that eXcelon will indemnify Mr. Bellini, to the
fullest extent permitted by law and eXcelon's charter and bylaws, against all
liabilities and costs resulting from any claim which relates to his serving in
the capacity of a director, officer or employee of eXcelon.

    SATISH MARIPURI AND LACEY P. BRANDT.  
Each of Satish Maripuri and Lacey P.
Brandt signed an employment agreement that, upon the closing of the merger, will
replace his or her existing severance agreement with eXcelon.
Following the
merger, eXcelon will employ Mr. Maripuri as its Chief Operating Officer and the
Chairman of the Leadership Council, and eXcelon will employ Ms. Brandt as its
Chief Financial Officer.
The employment agreements with Mr. Maripuri and
Ms. Brandt are otherwise identical.
Each employment agreement has a term of one
year, commencing with the closing of the merger.
The agreement will
automatically renew for additional one-year periods unless eXcelon notifies the
employee at least 90 days before the end of the then-current term that it does
not wish to extend the agreement.

    
The termination provisions of the employment agreements with Mr. Maripuri
and Ms. Brandt are substantially similar to those of the new employment
agreement with Mr. Goldman, except that:

    - The severance payment is equal to the employee's monthly salary multiplied
      by 12, plus the maximum performance bonus which the employee could have
      earned for the year in which the employee's employment was terminated;

    - The employee must give eXcelon 90-days' written notice to voluntarily
      terminate employment; and

    - A constructive termination means any of the following: the relocation of
      the employee's principal workplace to a location more than 50 miles from
      the employee's current location; any material diminution in the employee's
      authority or responsibilities or the assignment to the employee of duties
      and responsibilities inappropriate for the employee's position; any change
      in the employee's reporting relationship such that the employee reports to
      any officer other than eXcelon's Chief Executive Officer; or a reduction
      in the employee's compensation or benefits.

                    
MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

    The following is a summary of the material United States federal income tax
consequences generally applicable to you, as a stockholder of C-bridge, if you
are a "United States person" as defined for United States federal income tax
purposes and you hold your shares of C-bridge common stock as a capital asset.

    
For United States federal income tax purposes, a "United States person" is:

    - a United States citizen or resident alien as determined under the Internal
      Revenue Code, or the tax code;

    - a corporation or partnership, as defined by the tax code, that is
      organized under the laws of the United States or any state;

    - an estate, the income of which is subject to United States federal income
      taxation regardless of its source; and

    - a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary
      supervision over its administration and at least one United States person
      is authorized to control all of its major decisions.

    
This summary is based on the tax code, existing and proposed Treasury
Regulations and judicial and administrative determinations, as each is in effect
as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.
All of the foregoing are
subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect, and all are
subject to differing interpretation.
No advance ruling has been sought or
obtained from the IRS regarding the United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger.
The statements in this proxy statement/prospectus
and the opinions of counsel that are described herein are not binding on the IRS
or a court.
As a result, neither C-bridge, eXcelon, nor Comet Acquisition Corp.
can assure you that the tax considerations or opinions described here will not
be challenged by the IRS or sustained by a court if so challenged.

    
This summary does not address aspects of United States taxation other than
United States federal income taxation.
Furthermore, it does not address all
aspects of United States federal income taxation that may apply to you if you
are subject to annual rules under the tax code, including, without limitation,
rules that apply to persons who acquired shares of C-bridge common stock as a
result of the exercise of employee stock options, tax-exempt organizations,
financial institutions, broker-dealers, insurance companies, persons having a
"functional currency" other than the United States dollar, persons who hold
their shares of C-bridge common stock as part of a straddle, wash sale, hedging
or conversion transaction, and some United States expatriates.
In addition, this
summary and the opinions described here do not addressed the state, local or
foreign tax consequences of the merger.

    
Each C-bridge stockholder is urged to consult and rely on his or her tax
advisors with respect to the United States federal, state and local, and foreign
tax consequences of the merger based upon the stockholder's particular
circumstances.


THE MERGER AS REORGANIZATION

    It is a condition of the obligations of each of eXcelon, Comet Acquisition
Corp. and C-bridge to effect the merger that eXcelon and C-bridge shall each
have received substantially identical written opinions from their counsel,
Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, respectively, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to them, to the effect that the merger
will constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
eXcelon, Comet Acquisition Corp. and C-bridge have agreed
to make reasonable representations as requested by counsel for the purpose of
rendering these opinions.

    
As a consequence of reorganization treatment, the following United States
federal income consequences will result:

    - you, as a C-bridge stockholder, will recognize no gain or loss upon the
      conversion of your shares of common stock into shares of eXcelon common
      stock, except with respect to cash received in lieu of a fractional share
      of eXcelon common stock;

    - cash payments that you, as a C-bridge stockholder, receive in lieu of a
      fractional share of eXcelon common stock will be treated as if you had
      received the fractional share of eXcelon common stock in the merger and
      then eXcelon had repurchased the fractional share.
Consequently, you will
      generally recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between your
      basis in the fractional share and the amount of cash that you receive;

    - your aggregate tax basis in the shares of eXcelon common stock that you
      receive in the merger in exchange for your shares of C-bridge common stock
      will be the same as your aggregate tax basis in your shares of C-bridge
      common stock;

    - your holding period for the shares of eXcelon common stock that you
      receive in the merger in exchange for your shares of C-bridge common stock
      will include your holding period for your shares of C-bridge common stock;
      and

    - none of eXcelon, Comet Acquisition Corp., C-bridge, or any stockholder of
      eXcelon, will recognize any gain or loss as a result of the merger.

                COMPARISON OF THE RIGHTS OF EXCELON STOCKHOLDERS
                           AND C-BRIDGE STOCKHOLDERS

    Upon completion of the merger, stockholders of C-bridge will become
stockholders of eXcelon.
As eXcelon stockholders, the rights of former C-bridge
stockholders will be governed by eXcelon's amended and restated by-laws and
amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
The rights of eXcelon
stockholders differ in some material respects from the rights of C-bridge's
stockholders under C-bridge's amended and restated by-laws and second amended
and restated certificate of incorporation.
Each of C-bridge and eXcelon is
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware; as a result, the rights of
C-bridge stockholders who become eXcelon stockholders will continue to be
governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law.

    
The following is a summary comparison of the material differences between
the rights of the C-bridge stockholders and the eXcelon stockholders.
This
section does not contain a complete description of the specific rights of the
C-bridge stockholders and the eXcelon stockholders, nor does it contain a
complete description of the differences among the respective rights of C-bridge
stockholders and eXcelon stockholders.
In addition, this discussion is not
intended to indicate that other differences in the respective rights of C-bridge
and eXcelon stockholders do not exist.
eXcelon's amended and restated by-laws
and amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the specific
provisions of these documents, and not this summary, determine the rights and
obligations of the parties.
You should read these documents and the other
documents we refer to carefully for a more complete understanding of the
differences between eXcelon common stock and C-bridge common stock.
You may
obtain the information incorporated by reference into this prospectus/proxy
statement without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled
"Where You Can Find More Information" on page 1.


AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK

    The C-bridge charter authorizes the issuance of up to 55,000,000 shares of
all classes of C-bridge capital stock, consisting of 50,000,000 shares of
C-bridge common stock, $0.01 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of
C-bridge preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share.

    
The eXcelon charter authorizes the issuance of up to 205,000,000 shares of
eXcelon capital stock, consisting of 200,000,000 shares of eXcelon common stock,
$0.001 par value per share and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par
value per share.


VOTING RIGHTS

    Both C-bridge's and eXcelon's respective certificates of incorporation
provide that each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all
matters to be voted on by the stockholders.
In addition, both certificates of
incorporation provide that the preferred stock will have such voting rights as
the respective boards of directors may determine by resolution.


NUMBER OF DIRECTORS

    The number of directors on the C-bridge board is established by board
resolution.
C-bridge's charter requires that the number of directors be three or
more.

    
The number of directors on the eXcelon board is established by board
resolution.
eXcelon's by-laws require that the number of directors be not less
than two nor more than nine.


ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

    Election of both the C-bridge and eXcelon boards of directors occurs at the
annual meeting of stockholders.
The nominees receiving the highest number of
votes cast for the number of director positions to be filled are elected.

Neither C-bridge's nor eXcelon's certificate of incorporation or by-laws provide
for cumulative voting.

    
The eXcelon board of directors, unlike the C-bridge board, is a classified
board.
This means that only a designated number of directors is elected each
year.
eXcelon's board is divided into three classes of directors, with each
director elected to a three-year term, and only one class of directors stands
for election each year.


REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

    Both C-bridge's and eXcelon's by-laws provide that directors may only be
removed for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the
shares of capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote for the
election of directors.


VACANCIES

    Vacancies and newly created directorships on the boards of C-bridge and
eXcelon may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, even if not a
quorum, or by the sole remaining director.
A director elected to fill a vacancy
on either the C-bridge or eXcelon board will be elected for the unexpired term
of his predecessor in office.
A director chosen to fill a position resulting
from an increase in the number of C-bridge directors will hold office until the
next election of directors.
A director chosen to fill a position resulting from
an increase in the number of eXcelon directors will hold office until the next
election of the class for which the director has been chosen.


INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    C-bridge's charter provides for indemnification of its directors and
officers in accordance with and to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware
General Corporation Law, as it currently exists and as it may be amended.
In
addition, the C-bridge charter specifically provides that C-bridge will
indemnify directors and officers for actions taken in good faith and in a manner
they reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of
C-bridge and, with respect to any criminal proceedings, actions that the
director or officer had no reasonable cause to believe were unlawful.
If an
action is brought by or on behalf of C-bridge, and the indemnified officer or
director is adjudged to be liable to C-bridge, then no indemnification will be
made, unless the Delaware Court of Chancery determines that the person is fairly
and reasonably entitled to indemnification.
The C-bridge charter also authorizes
advancement of expenses incurred in defending any action upon receipt of an
undertaking by the director or officer to repay the amount advanced if it is
ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification.

    
eXcelon's charter provides for indemnification to the fullest extent
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law.
In general, the Delaware
General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may indemnify directors and
officers for actions taken in good faith and in a manner they reasonably
believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and,
with respect to any criminal proceedings, for actions they had no reasonable
cause to believe were unlawful.
In addition, the Delaware General Corporation
Law provides that a corporation may advance to a director or officer expenses
incurred in defending any action upon receipt of an undertaking by the director
or officer to repay the amount advanced if it is ultimately determined that he
or she is not entitled to indemnification.


LIMITATION OF DIRECTOR LIABILITY

    The C-bridge and eXcelon charters limit the liability of their respective
directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware
General Corporation Law, as it currently exists and as it may be amended.

Generally, the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may
include in its certificate of incorporation a provision limiting or eliminating
the liabilities of its directors to the corporation and its stockholders for
monetary damages arising from a breach of fiduciary duty, except for:

    - a breach of the duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders;

    - acts or omissions not made in good faith or which involve intentional
      misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

    - payment of a dividend or the repurchase or redemption of stock in
      violation of the Delaware General Corporation Law; or

    - any transaction from which the director derived any personal benefit.


SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

    Special meetings of C-bridge's stockholders may be called at any time by the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President, or the board of directors.

    
Special meetings of eXcelon's stockholders may be called by the President,
and shall be called by the President or Secretary at the request in writing of a
majority of the eXcelon board.


ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT

    C-bridge's and eXcelon's by-laws both provide that stockholders may not act
by written consent in lieu of a stockholder meeting.

AMENDMENTS TO CHARTER

    Both the C-bridge and eXcelon charters reserve for each company the right to
amend the charter pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Under the
Delaware General Corporation Law, an amendment to the certificate of
incorporation of a corporation requires the approval of the corporation's board
of directors and the approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding stock
entitled to vote upon the proposed amendment.
Certain provisions of each
company's charter can only be amended with the affirmative vote of the holders
of 75% of the shares of such company's capital stock issued and outstanding.

    
In addition, the C-bridge charter requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of 75% of the shares of C-bridge capital stock issued and outstanding to
repeal, amend or adopt any provision of the charter relating to the number of
directors, election of directors, terms of office, quorum requirements, removal
of directors, vacancies on the board of directors or stockholder nominations of
directors.
The eXcelon charter does not contain similar requirements.

AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

    Amendment of C-bridge's or eXcelon's by-laws may be made at a regular or
special meeting of their respective boards or stockholders.
Board action to
amend either company's by-laws requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the board of directors at a meeting at which a quorum is present.

    
Stockholder action to amend C-bridge's by-laws requires that notice of the
proposed amendment be given along with notice of the meeting, as well as the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote for the election of directors.
The C-bridge
by-laws

also require the affirmative vote of the holders of 75% of the stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote for the election of directors to amend several
sections and articles of C-bridge's by-laws related to special meetings of the
stockholders, nomination of directors, notice of business at the annual meeting,
prohibition on action by the written consent of stockholders, the organization
of stockholder meetings, requirements for amending the by-laws, and provisions
relating to the directors of C-bridge.

    
Stockholder action to amend eXcelon's by-laws also requires that notice of
the proposed amendment be given along with notice of the meeting.
However, the
affirmative vote of 75% of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote
is required for any amendment to the by-laws by stockholder action.

                                 
PROPOSAL TWO--
                   ADJOURNMENT OF THE EXCELON ANNUAL MEETING
                        AND THE C-BRIDGE SPECIAL MEETING

    
If at the C-bridge special meeting the number of shares of C-bridge common
stock voting in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement is insufficient to
approve the merger under Delaware law, C-bridge's management intends to move to
adjourn the special meeting in order to enable the C-bridge board of directors
to solicit additional proxies in favor of the merger.
In that event, C-bridge
will ask its stockholders to vote only upon the adjournment proposal, and not
upon the merger proposal.

    
Similarly, if at the eXcelon annual meeting the number of shares of eXcelon
common stock voting in favor of the issuance of the eXcelon common stock in the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement is
insufficient to approve the proposal under Delaware law, eXcelon's management
intends to move to adjourn the annual meeting in order to enable the eXcelon
board of directors to solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposal.
In
that event, eXcelon will ask its stockholders to vote only upon the adjournment
proposal, and not upon the other proposals described in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

    
In the adjournment proposal, C-bridge and eXcelon are asking their
respective stockholders to authorize the holder of any proxy solicited by the
eXcelon board of directors or the C-bridge board of directors to vote in favor
of granting management the discretionary authority to adjourn the eXcelon annual
meeting or the C-bridge special meeting, as the case may be, and any later
adjournments of those meetings, in each case to a date or dates not later than
            , 2001, in order to enable the eXcelon board of directors or the
C-bridge board of directors, or both, as the case may be, to solicit additional
proxies in favor of the merger and the proposal to approve the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
If the stockholders of
either company approve the adjournment proposal, management could adjourn the
meeting and any adjourned session of the meeting to a date or dates not later
than             , 2001 and use the additional time to solicit additional
proxies in favor of the merger or the proposal to approve the merger and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, as the case may be, including
the solicitation of proxies from stockholders that have previously voted against
the relevant proposal.
Among other things, approval of the adjournment proposals
could mean that, even if eXcelon or C-bridge have received proxies representing
a sufficient number of votes against the merger-related proposals to defeat
them, eXcelon's management or C-bridge's management, or both, as the case may
be, could adjourn the eXcelon annual meeting or the C-bridge special meeting, or
both, as the case may be, without a vote on the merger proposals for up to
days and seek during that period to convince the holders of those shares to
change their votes to votes in favor of the proposals.

    
Under C-bridge's bylaws, the adjournment proposal will require the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of C-bridge common
stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to
vote.
Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote
against the proposal.
Under eXcelon's bylaws, the adjournment proposal will
require the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of eXcelon common stock
cast at the meeting.
Abstentions and broker non-votes will not count as votes
cast for or against the proposal and, accordingly, will not affect the outcome
of the vote on the proposal.

    
The C-bridge board of directors believes that if the number of shares of
C-bridge common stock voting in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement is
insufficient to approve the merger, it is in the best interests of the C-bridge
stockholders to enable the C-bridge board, for a limited period of time, to
continue to seek to obtain a sufficient number of additional votes in favor of
the merger to approve it.

    
THE C-BRIDGE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT C-BRIDGE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
FOR THE PROPOSAL TO GRANT MANAGEMENT
THE DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY TO ADJOURN THE
SPECIAL MEETING TO A DATE OR DATES NOT LATER THAN               , 2001.

    
The eXcelon board of directors believes that if the number of shares of
eXcelon common stock voting in favor of the issuance of the eXcelon common stock
in the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement is
insufficient to approve the proposal, it is in the best interests of the eXcelon
stockholders to enable the eXcelon board, for a limited period of time, to
continue to seek to obtain a sufficient number of additional votes in favor of
the proposal to approve it.

    
THE EXCELON BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT EXCELON STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR
THE PROPOSAL TO GRANT MANAGEMENT
THE DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY TO ADJOURN THE
ANNUAL MEETING TO A DATE OR DATES NOT LATER THAN               , 2001.

               
EXCELON'S MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

    eXcelon develops, sells and supports two major product lines: its
business-to-business, or B2B, line of eXtensible Markup Language, or XML, based
software products and its Object Design line of object data management software
products.
Using eXcelon's B2B products, companies are able to create
self-service applications running on the Internet or an intranet that can be
targeted to customers, suppliers, channel partners and employees, and that
enable companies to transact business more efficiently and effectively, improve
customer service and responsiveness and lower transaction costs.
eXcelon's
Object Design products have been used extensively for over 12 years by companies
in the telecommunications and finance industries, and by independent software
vendors, and for over five years in electronic business, or e-business,
applications with demanding requirements for high-performance and scalable data
management solutions.
Until 1999, eXcelon derived 100% of its revenues from its
Object Design line of database management software products.
However, during
1999 and 2000, revenues from eXcelon's B2B software products line have grown
rapidly.
During 2000, and the three months ended March 31, 2001, sales of B2B
products and services accounted for approximately 28% of eXcelon's total
revenues, up from less than 5% in 1999.

    
eXcelon's B2B product line was introduced in 1999.
Despite a significant
investment in and a rapid expansion of its B2B line of software products over
the past two years, the Object Design product line continues to contribute the
majority of eXcelon's revenues.
eXcelon's Object Design product line generated
more than 70% of its revenues in 2000 and more than 90% of its revenues in 1999.

    
eXcelon's revenues are derived from sales of licenses of its B2B and Object
Design software products, professional services and maintenance.
eXcelon
generally licenses its software products on a perpetual basis.
Maintenance is
generally billed annually in advance.
eXcelon offers its eXcelon eSolutions and
its implementation and other professional services primarily on a
time-and-materials basis.
eXcelon offers training on a fixed fee basis.

    
eXcelon recognizes revenue in accordance with the provisions of AICPA
Statement of Position 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition."
Revenue from
software license fees is recognized when there is evidence of an arrangement,
the product has been delivered, fees are fixed or determinable, and collection
of the related receivable is deemed probable by management.
Revenue from sales
through distributors is recorded net of distributor commissions.
Maintenance
revenue, including maintenance revenue bundled with the initial license fee, is
deferred and recognized ratably over the service period, generally one year.

Consulting and training service revenue is recognized as the services are
performed.

    
eXcelon's cost of software revenues primarily includes royalties to third
parties for software used in eXcelon's software.

    
eXcelon's cost of services revenues primarily includes salaries and related
expenses of its consulting and technical support personnel, and an allocation of
overhead and recruitment costs.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    
The following table shows eXcelon's consolidated financial data as a
percentage of its total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2000 and
2001.

                                                                 
THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                                      MARCH 31,
                                                              -------------------------
                                                                2000             2001
                                                              --------         --------

Total revenues..............................................    100%             100%
                                                                ---              ---
Cost of revenues:
  Software..................................................      4                2
  Services..................................................     22               24
                                                                ---              ---
    Total cost of revenues..................................     26               26
                                                                ---              ---
Gross profit................................................     74               74
Operating expenses:
  Selling and marketing.....................................     53               66
  Research and development..................................     
18               24
  General and administrative................................      9               13
  Restructuring charge......................................     --                5
                                                                ---              ---
    Total operating expenses................................     
80              108
                                                                ---              ---
Operating loss..............................................     (6)             (34)
Other income, net...........................................      2                1
                                                                ---              ---
Net loss....................................................     
(4)%            (33)%
                                                                ===              ===

COMPARISON OF THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000 AND 2001

    TOTAL REVENUES.  
eXcelon's total revenues decreased to $15.1 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2001 from $17.0 million for the same period for
2000.
Revenues from eXcelon's B2B product line increased by 22.8%, to
$4.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $3.6 million for the
same period for 2000.
This increase was primarily due to eXcelon's increased
focus on selling and marketing of its B2B product line.
Revenues from eXcelon's
Object Design product line decreased 20.0%, to $10.8 million for the three
months ended March 31, 2001 from $13.4 million for the same period for 2000.

This decrease was primarily due to eXcelon's investing greater marketing and
sales resources on its B2B product line instead of its Object Design product
line.

    
SOFTWARE REVENUES.  
Software revenues decreased 12.7% to $8.8 million for
the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $10.1 million for the same period in
2000.
Software revenues from eXcelon's B2B product line decreased by 11.5%, to
$2.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $2.6 million for the
same period for 2000.
Software revenues from eXcelon's Object Design product
line decreased by 13.3%, to $6.5 million for the three months ended March 31,
2001 from $7.5 million for the same period for 2000.
The decreases in software
revenues for both product lines can primarily be attributed to uncertain
economic conditions which resulted in an overall decrease in demand for
eXcelon's products as customers in the United States reduced or postponed
capital spending on information technology.

    
SERVICES REVENUES.  
Services revenues decreased to $6.3 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2001 from $6.9 million for the same period in 2000.

Services revenues from eXcelon's B2B product line increased by 100%, to
$2.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $1.0 million for the
same period for 2000.
This increase is due to higher demand for eXcelon's
consulting services related to new B2B customer deployments and to higher
maintenance revenues,

reflecting growth in eXcelon's installed base of products.
Services revenues
from eXcelon's Object Design product line decreased by 26.4%, to $4.3 million
for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $5.9 million for the same period
for 2000.
This decrease results mainly from a decline in eXcelon's consulting
services, due primarily to a slowdown in data management customer deployments in
the United States.

    
REVENUES FROM INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS.  
Revenues from operations of
eXcelon's international subsidiaries increased as a percentage of eXcelon's
total revenues, to 61.1% for the three months ended March 31, 2001 compared with
48.5% for the same period in 2000.
This overall shift in revenue to eXcelon's
international subsidiaries is largely attributed to continued growth in the
overseas markets coupled with uncertain United States economic conditions that
have resulted in lower capital investments within the United States.

    
COST OF SOFTWARE.  
Cost of software decreased 42.3% to $365,000 for the
three months ended March 31, 2001 compared to $633,000 for the same period in
2000 and decreased as a percent of software revenues to 4.2% from 6.3% for the
first three months of 2001 and 2000, respectively.
This decrease in costs can be
associated with lower amortization costs on software purchased from third
parties, used primarily to develop eXcelon's B2B product line.
In 2000,
approximately $700,000 of purchased technologies was written off as obsolete.

    
COST OF SERVICES.  
Cost of services decreased 5.2% to $3.6 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2001 from $3.8 million for the same period in 2000
and increased as a percent of services revenues to 56.4% from 54.2% for the
corresponding periods.
The decrease in cost of services is attributable to the
reduction in the number of eXcelon's consulting personnel and related expenses
as a result of eXcelon's restructuring in the three months ended March 31, 2001.

The increase in cost of services as a percentage of revenues reflects lower
utilization of eXcelon's remaining consulting personnel, partially offset by
increased maintenance revenue.

    SELLING AND MARKETING.  
Selling and marketing expenses increased 9.4% to
$10.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $9.1 million for
the same period in 2000 and increased as a percentage of total revenues to 65.9%
from 53.5% for the same periods.
The increase was primarily due to a non-cash
charge for amortization of unearned compensation relating to the acceleration of
vesting of employee stock options in the amount of approximately $705,000, as
well as a continued investment in the sales distribution channels and marketing
programs relating both to eXcelon's B2B product line and, to a lesser extent, to
eXcelon's Object Design product line.
eXcelon expects selling and marketing
expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenues over the coming year to the
extent that eXcelon's selling and marketing efforts are successful in generating
increased revenues.

    
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  
Research and development expenses increased 19.6%
to $3.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from $3.0 million for
the same period in 2000 and increased as a percent of total revenues to 23.9%
from 17.8% for the same periods.
The increase was primarily due to a non-cash
charge for amortization of unearned compensation relating to the acceleration of
vesting of employee stock options in the amount of approximately $422,000.

    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  
General and administrative expenses increased
34.3% to $2.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 from
$1.5 million in 2000 and increased as a percentage of total revenues to 13.7%
from 9.0% for the same periods.
This increase is primarily due to increased
headcount-related costs associated with a reorganization of the various support
groups within eXcelon.
eXcelon expects general and administrative expense to
decrease in absolute dollars in the second quarter of 2001, and then stay at a
consistent level for the remainder of 2001.

    
RESTRUCTURING CHARGE.  
In January 2001, eXcelon reorganized its operations
and reduced its workforce by 45 employees, or approximately 10%.
As a result,
eXcelon recorded a restructuring

charge in the amount of $745,000 in the three months ended March 31, 2001.
All
of the charge relates to severance payments to employees whose employment was
terminated in the restructuring.
At March 31, 2001, $156,000 of the severance
had yet to be paid, but is expected to be fully paid by December 31, 2001.
As a
result of the restructuring, eXcelon expects a savings of approximately
$1.3 million per quarter of total expenses.

    OTHER INCOME.  
Other income decreased 41.1%, to $200,000 for the three
months ended March 31, 2001 from $341,000 for the same period for 2000.
The
decrease was largely the result of lower cash balances and investments.

    
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES.  
No income taxes were provided during the three
months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 due to the net losses eXcelon incurred in
both periods.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    At March 31, 2001, eXcelon's principal sources of liquidity included
$12.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities and
$767,000 of long-term marketable securities.
$175,000 of cash and cash
equivalents is restricted and is being held in a certificate of deposit with
Silicon Valley Bank as collateral for a security deposit on leased office space
in eXcelon's Burlington, Massachusetts location.

    
Net cash used by eXcelon's operating activities was $3.2 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2001, as compared to $481,000 provided by operating
activities for the same period in 2000.
The increase in cash used was primarily
due to a greater net loss of $4.3 million, which was only partially offset by
the non-cash charges for amortization of unearned compensation in the aggregate
amount of $1.1 million.

    
eXcelon's investing activities provided $2.5 million of cash for the three
months ended March 31, 2001, as compared with cash provided by investing
activities of $132,000 for the same period in 2000.
The increase in cash
provided was primarily attributable to the decrease of purchases of marketable
securities in the amount of $1.1 million in 2000, a $643,000 decrease in capital
expenditures and an increase of $600,000 in proceeds from the sale of marketable
securities.

    
eXcelon's financing activities provided net cash of $36,000 for the three
months ended March 31, 2001, as compared to $1.1 million of cash provided by
financing activities in the same period in 2000.
The decrease in cash provided
was primarily due to $1.1 million less in cash from stock option exercises
during the three months ended March 31, 2001 compared to the same period in
2000.

    
eXcelon believes that its current cash, cash equivalents, marketable
securities and funds generated from operations, if any, will provide adequate
liquidity to meet its capital and operating requirements for the next twelve
months.
If the merger is not consummated, eXcelon's failure to generate
sufficient revenues or, in the absence of sufficient revenues, failure to raise
additional capital or reduce certain discretionary spending could have a
material adverse effect on eXcelon's ability to continue as a going concern and
achieve its business objectives.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

    eXcelon faces exposure to market risks, primarily adverse movements in
foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates.
eXcelon has not
invested in derivative instruments or derivative commodity instruments.
eXcelon
believes that the fair value of other financial instruments reflected in its
consolidated balance sheets does not represent a significant market risk due to
the nature of these instruments and their short-term maturities.
eXcelon also
does not believe that its future earnings, fair values and/or cash flows are
subject to risk of material near term loss due to changes in market rates or
prices that eXcelon considers to be reasonably possible in the near term.

However, eXcelon's exposure to market risk may change over time as its business
practices evolve, and could in the future

materially adversely effect eXcelon's financial condition and results of
operations.
eXcelon's primary exposure to market risk has been related to local
currency revenue and operating expenses in Europe and the Asia/Pacific region.

    
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT.  
The carrying amounts reflected in the
consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
and accounts payable approximate fair value at the balance sheet date due to the
short maturities of these instruments.

    
eXcelon's exposure to market rate risk for changes in interest rates relates
primarily to its investment portfolio.
eXcelon has not used derivative financial
instruments in its investment portfolio.
Information about eXcelon's investment
portfolio is set forth in Note C of Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item 8 of eXcelon's Annual Report on Form 10-K and is
incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference.

    
eXcelon maintains investment portfolio holdings of various issuers, types,
and maturities.
These securities are classified as available for sale, and
consequently, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with unrealized
gains or losses included in stockholders' equity.
Through March 31, 2001,
eXcelon has not experienced material losses on its investments.
eXcelon places
its investments with high quality issuers and, by policy, limits the amount of
credit exposure to any one issuer.
Given the short maturities and investment
grade quality of the portfolio holdings at March 31, 2001, a sharp rise in
interest rates should not have a material adverse impact on the fair value of
eXcelon's investment portfolio.

    
FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK.  
Fluctuations in exchange rates can adversely affect
eXcelon's results of operations and financial position.
The financial statements
of eXcelon's international subsidiaries, all of whose functional currencies are
the local currency, are translated using exchange rates in effect at the end of
the period for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the
period for results of operations.
Foreign currency translation adjustments are
recorded as a separate component of stockholders' equity, and also are included
in reporting comprehensive income.
eXcelon also engages in transactions
denominated in foreign currencies.
Gains and losses from these transactions,
which as of March 31, 2001 have been immaterial, are reflected in the results of
operations.
The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on eXcelon's results
of operations and financial condition cannot accurately be predicted.
eXcelon
does not currently engage in foreign currency hedging activities.

                            
EXCELON PROPOSAL THREE--
                             ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS OF eXCELON

    In the merger agreement, eXcelon and C-bridge agreed that, following the
merger, the board of directors of eXcelon would consist of eight members, four
of whom are currently members of eXcelon's board of directors, three of whom are
currently members of C-bridge's board of directors, and one of whom, Jeffrey
Horing, is a nominee of the C-bridge board of directors.
eXcelon and C-bridge
also agreed to the following classification of the eight directors among the
three classes of directors:

NAME                                                     AGE       CLASS     TERM EXPIRES
- ----                                                   --------   --------   
------------

Robert N. Goldman....................................     52       II            2004
Joseph M. Bellini....................................     41       II            2004
Jeffrey Horing.......................................     37       II            2004
Robert M. Agate......................................     
65        I            2003
Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr..............................     52        I            2003
Gerald B. Bay........................................     61        I            2003
Kevin J. Burns.......................................     51       III           2002
Raymond J. Lane......................................     
53       III           2002

NOMINEES OF eXCELON

    MR. GOLDMAN has been Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
Officer of eXcelon since 1995.
He also served as President of eXcelon from 1995
to January 1999 and from September 1999 to December 2000.
Mr. Goldman is a
member of the board of directors of Citrix Systems, Inc., NetGenesis Corp. and
Parametric Technology Corporation.

    
MR. AGATE has been a director of eXcelon since April 2000.
From 1992 until
his retirement in 1996, Mr. Agate was Senior Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company.
Mr. Agate is a member of the
board of directors of Timberland Company and Allied Waste Industries, Inc.

    MR. BAY has been a director of eXcelon since 1988.
Since 1980, Mr. Bay has
been a managing partner of The Vista Group.
Mr. Bay served as interim President
of eXcelon from August to November 1995.

    
MR. BURNS has been a director of eXcelon since 1997.
Mr. Burns has been
managing principal of Lazard Technology Partners since 1998.
From 1990 until
1998, Mr. Burns was Chairman of the Board of directors of INTERSOLV, Inc.

NOMINEES OF C-BRIDGE

    MR.
BELLINI joined C-bridge in February 1999 as President and Chief
Operating Officer and was named Chief Executive Officer in May 1999.
He has been
a director of C-bridge since September 1998.
Before joining C-bridge,
Mr. Bellini served in various capacities at i2 Technologies, Inc. from
June 1995 to February 1999; immediately before joining C-bridge, he was i2's
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Automotive and Industrial Business Unit.

From April 1993 to June 1995, Mr. Bellini served as Senior Practice Director at
Oracle Corporation.
Mr. Bellini received a B.S. in both Mechanical Engineering
and Applied Mathematics and Statistics from the University of Massachusetts at
Amherst and is an alumnus of the Harvard Business School.

    PROF.
BADARACCO has been a director of C-bridge since 1999.
He is currently
the John Shad Professor of Business Ethics at Harvard Business School, where he
has taught since February 1981.
He

is a graduate of St. Louis University, Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes
Scholar, and Harvard Business School.

    
MR. HORING has been a partner at InSight Capital Partners, a venture capital
firm, since January 1995.
As of June 4, 2001, entities affiliated with InSight
Capital Partners hold approximately 9.5% of the outstanding shares of C-bridge
common stock.
From February 1990 to August 1994, Mr. Horing served as a senior
investment professional at E.M. Warburg Pincus funds.
Mr. Horing received an
M.B.A. from the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, and a B.S./B.S.F. from the Wharton School and School of Engineering
at the University of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Horing serves on the board of directors
of SLMsoft.com, Inc., a maker of electronic commerce software for financial
institutions, I-many, Inc., a provider of e-commerce solutions, and several
privately-held companies.

    
MR. LANE has been a director of C-bridge since 1999.
He has also been a
General Partner of Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers since September 2000.
From
January 1997 to July 2000, Mr. Lane was President and Chief Operating Officer of
Oracle Corporation.
Between June 1992 and January 1997, Mr. Lane served in
various capacities at Oracle Corporation, including Executive Vice President and
President of Worldwide Operations.
Before joining Oracle, Mr. Lane was a Senior
Vice President of Booz-Allen & Hamilton, where he led their worldwide consulting
practice targeted to information technology investments from July 1986 to
May 1992.
Mr. Lane also serves on the board of directors of Oracle Corporation,
See Beyond Technology Corporation, Free Markets, Inc. and Marimba Inc., and is a
member of the board of trustees of Carnegie Mellon University.
Mr. Lane received
a B.S. in Mathematics from West Virginia University.


PROPOSAL TO ELECT A NEW BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMBINED COMPANY

    In this proposal, eXcelon is asking its stockholders to elect as directors
of eXcelon Robert M. Agate, Gerald B. Bay, Kevin J. Burns and Robert N. Goldman,
each of whom is currently a director of eXcelon, Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr.,
Joseph M. Bellini, and Raymond J. Lane, each of whom is currently a director of
C-bridge, and Jeffrey Horing, who is a nominee of the C-bridge board of
directors.
These elections will be subject to the condition that they will not
become effective unless the merger becomes effective under Delaware law on or
before October 31, 2001.

    
THE eXCELON BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT EXCELON STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR
THE PROPOSAL TO ELECT ROBERT M. AGATE, GERALD B. BAY, KEVIN J. BURNS, ROBERT N.
GOLDMAN, JOSEPH L. BADARACCO, JR., JOSEPH M. BELLINI, JEFFREY HORING AND RAYMOND
J. LANE AS DIRECTORS OF EXCELON IN THE CLASSES DESCRIBED ABOVE UPON THE
CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE.

    
This proposal is subject to the approval by the eXcelon stockholders of the
issuance of eXcelon common stock in the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.
If the eXcelon stockholders do not approve
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the
eXcelon board will not present this proposal for a vote by the eXcelon
stockholders.
Furthermore, if this proposal is presented to the eXcelon
stockholders and approved by them, the election of the new board of directors of
the combined company will only become effective if the merger is completed on or
before October 31, 2001.

    
To facilitate the transition to the new board, each current director of
eXcelon has tendered a resignation that will become effective at the time of the
merger if and only if the following conditions are met:

    - the C-bridge stockholders approve and adopt the merger agreement;

    - the eXcelon stockholders approve the issuance of eXcelon common stock in
      the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
      agreement;

    - the eXcelon stockholders approve this proposal to elect a new board of
      directors of the combined company; and

    - the merger becomes effective on or before October 31, 2001.

    
If the stockholders of either company fail to approve the merger, or if the
merger does not become effective on or before October 31, 2001, the resignations
of eXcelon's current directors will not become effective.
In that case, three of
the four current directors of eXcelon, Gerald B. Bay, Kevin J. Burns and Robert
N. Goldman, will continue to serve as directors of eXcelon after the annual
meeting because their terms of office continue after the meeting.
The term of
Robert M. Agate, eXcelon's sole current Class II director, will expire at the
eXcelon annual meeting, and eXcelon will schedule another stockholder meeting to
elect a Class II director.
Robert M. Agate will nonetheless continue to serve as
a director until his successor has been duly elected and qualified.
If the
merger becomes effective after October 31, 2001, the eXcelon board intends to
take appropriate action to increase the number of directors to eight, elect the
four C-bridge designees named above as directors of eXcelon and adjust the
composition of the classes of directors to correspond to the allocation
described above.

    
If the eXcelon stockholders approve this proposal and the merger becomes
effective on or before October 31, 2001, then beginning on the date of the
merger Kevin J. Burns and Raymond J. Lane will serve as Class III directors and
their terms will expire at the annual meeting of eXcelon stockholders in 2002,
Robert M. Agate, Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr. and Gerald B. Bay will serve as
Class I directors and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of eXcelon
stockholders in 2003, and Robert N. Goldman, Joseph M. Bellini and Jeffrey
Horing will serve as Class II directors and their terms will expire at the
annual meeting of eXcelon stockholders in 2004.
Each director will also serve
until his successor has been duly elected and qualified.

    
Each of these individuals has agreed to serve if elected, and eXcelon has no
reason to believe that any of them will be unable to serve.
If any of these
individuals is unable or declines to serve as a director at or before the time
of the annual meeting, proxies will be voted for such other nominee as is then
designated by eXcelon's board of directors and C-bridge's board of directors.


INTERIM COMPOSITION OF THE eXCELON BOARD

    As a result of the contingent nature of the foregoing proposal to elect a
new board of directors of the combined company, the proposal will not become
effective unless the merger is completed on or before October 31, 2001.
Until
the merger is completed, the current directors of eXcelon will continue to
serve, in their respective current classes, as the members of eXcelon's board of
directors.

                             
MANAGEMENT OF EXCELON

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

    
The following table provides the name, age and position of each of eXcelon's
executive officers as of June 4, 2001.
For information regarding eXcelon's
directors, see "Election of Directors--Proposal to elect a new board of
directors of the combined company.
"

NAME                                       AGE                   POSITION BEFORE THE MERGER
- ----                                     --------                --------------------------

Robert N. Goldman......................     52      Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Satish Maripuri........................     35      President and Chief Operating Officer

Lacey P. Brandt........................     
43      Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Alan E. Gold...........................     44      Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer

    
The following table provides the name, age and prospective position of each
individual who has been chosen to become an executive officer of eXcelon upon
completion of the merger:

NAME                                       AGE                    POSITION AFTER THE MERGER
- ----                                     --------                 -------------------------

Robert N. Goldman......................     52      Chairman of the Board

Joseph M. Bellini......................     
41      Chief Executive Officer

Mark A. Cosway.........................     43      President

Satish Maripuri........................     35      Chief Operating Officer

Lacey P. Brandt........................     43      Chief Financial Officer

Richard C. Putz........................     51      Chief Marketing Officer

Clifford B. Thompson...................     
40      Vice President and General Counsel

    MR. GOLDMAN'S and MR. BELLINI'S business experience is listed under
"Election of Directors--Nominees for election as directors of eXcelon."
MR.
COSWAY'S, MR.
PUTZ'S and MR. THOMPSON'S business experience is listed under
"Management of C-bridge--Executive officers.
"

    MR. MARIPURI was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of eXcelon in
December 2000.
Mr. Maripuri had previously served as Vice President, Worldwide
Services for eXcelon since September 1999, as Vice President, Services and
e-Solutions from September 1998 to September 1999 and as Director, Professional
Services from 1996 to September 1998.

    
MS. BRANDT has been the Chief Financial Officer of eXcelon since 1996.

Before joining eXcelon, Ms. Brandt served as Director of Finance, Controller and
Treasurer of International Integration Incorporated from 1995 to 1996.

    
MR. GOLD has served as eXcelon's Chief Marketing Officer since April 2000,
and was elected to the additional office of Executive Vice President of eXcelon
in January 2001.
Before joining eXcelon, Mr. Gold served as Vice President,
Marketing and Strategic Partnering as well as Vice President of Sales of
MarketMax, Inc. from 1997 to April 2000.
Mr. Gold was the Senior Vice President
of Sales and Marketing for AT/Comm from 1996 to 1997.


CLASSIFIED BOARD

    eXcelon's board of directors is divided into three classes.
The members of a
different class of directors are elected each year at the annual meeting of
stockholders for a three-year term of office.
Each director holds office until
the date of the third annual meeting following his or her election and until his
or her successor is elected and qualified or until he or she sooner dies,
resigns, is removed, or becomes disqualified.

COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS OF THE BOARD

    During 2000, eXcelon's board of directors met six times and acted by
unanimous written consent eight times.
No director attended fewer than 75% of
the total number of meetings held by the board of directors and committees of
the board of directors on which he served.

    
eXcelon has a compensation committee and an audit committee but does not
have a nominating committee or other committee performing similar functions.
The
current members of the compensation committee are Messrs. Bay and Burns.
The
compensation committee held five meetings during 2000 and acted twenty-one times
by unanimous written consent during that year.
The current members of the audit
committee are Messrs. Bay, Burns and Agate.
The audit committee met five times
during 2000.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

    eXcelon's compensation committee is currently composed of two non-employee
directors, Messrs. Bay and Burns.
In 2000, no officer or employee of eXcelon
participated in deliberations of the compensation committee concerning the
compensation of eXcelon's executive officers.
No executive officer of eXcelon
served during 2000 on the board of directors or compensation committee of any
company that had an executive officer who served on the board of directors or
compensation committee of eXcelon.

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

    Each non-employee director of eXcelon receives $2,500 for each board meeting
attended and $500 for each committee meeting attended.
Each non-employee
director is reimbursed, upon request, for expenses incurred in attending
meetings.
Directors who are employees of eXcelon are not paid any separate fees
for serving as directors.

    
Under the provisions of eXcelon's 1996 Incentive and Nonqualified Stock
Option Plan, each new non-employee director elected to the eXcelon board of
directors, including three of the four new C-bridge representatives on the board
of directors of the combined company, will automatically receive a grant, upon
his or her initial election, of a fully-vested nonqualified option to purchase
15,000 shares of eXcelon common stock.
In addition, immediately following each
annual meeting of stockholders of eXcelon or special meeting in lieu of the
annual meeting, each non-employee director re-elected at or remaining in office
after the meeting will automatically receive a grant of a fully-vested
nonqualified option to purchase 5,000 shares of eXcelon common stock.
Each
nonqualified option granted to a non-employee director under this provision of
the stock option plan will expire on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant.

The exercise price of the nonqualified stock option will be equal to the fair
market value of the eXcelon common stock on the date of grant.


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE.  
The following table provides information for
2000, 1999 and 1998 concerning compensation paid to or accrued for eXcelon's
Chief Executive Officer and the four other most highly compensated executive
officers who were in office on December 31, 2000 and whose total annual salary
and bonus for 2000 exceeded $100,000.

    
Other annual compensation in the form of perquisites and other personal
benefits has been omitted because in each case the aggregate amount of
perquisites and other personal benefits was less than $50,000 and constituted
less than 10% of the executive's annual salary and bonus.

                           
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                                                             LONG-TERM
                                                                            COMPENSATION
                                                                            ------------
                                                                               AWARDS
                                                                            ------------
                                                    ANNUAL COMPENSATION      SECURITIES
                                                   ----------------------    UNDERLYING       ALL OTHER
NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION               YEAR     SALARY ($)   BONUS ($)   OPTIONS (#)    COMPENSATION ($)
- ---------------------------             --------   ----------   ---------   ------------   
----------------

Robert N. Goldman.....................    2000      $250,000    $175,000       600,000              --
  Chairman of the Board of Directors,     1999       210,000     200,000       550,000              --
  and Chief Executive Officer             1998       210,000          --       300,000              --

Satish Maripuri (1)...................    2000       263,454      14,000       500,000              --
  President and Chief Operating           1999       197,088      55,000       310,000              --
  Officer                                 1998            --          --            --              --

Brian W. Otis (2).....................    2000       195,000      63,000            --              --
  Senior Vice President, Operations       1999       171,200      40,385       400,000              --
                                          1998       174,004          --       120,000              --

Daniel E. O'Connor (3)................    2000       180,000      56,000            --              --
  Senior Vice President, Business         1999        97,404      47,500       280,000         $10,580
  Development                             1998            --          --            --              --

Ross A. Hinchcliffe (4)...............    2000       310,597       9,000            --              --
  Vice President, Worldwide Sales         1999       279,382      20,544       450,000              --
                                          1998            --          --            --              --

- ------------------------

(1) Mr. Maripuri was elected as an executive officer of eXcelon in
    September 1999.
Mr. Maripuri's salary for 2000 and 1999 includes $68,454 and
    $48,755 of sales-based commissions, respectively.


(2) Mr. Otis resigned as an executive officer of eXcelon effective March 30,
    2001.
Mr. Otis' salary for 1998 includes sales-based commissions of $36,087.


(3) Mr. O'Connor resigned as an executive officer of eXcelon effective
    January 22, 2001.
Mr. O'Connor's salary for 1999 includes $10,417 of
    sales-based commissions.
All other compensation for 1999 consisted of
    $10,580 of relocation reimbursements.


(4) Mr. Hinchcliffe resigned as an executive officer of eXcelon effective
    April 17, 2001.
Mr. Hinchcliffe's salary for 2000 and 1999 includes $130,597
    and $153,055 of sales-based commissions, respectively.

    
OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR.  
The following table provides information
concerning stock options granted by eXcelon during 2000 to each of its named
executive officers.

    
The options described in the following table have been granted under
eXcelon's 1996 Incentive and Nonqualified Stock Option Plan and eXcelon's 1997
Nonqualified Stock Option Plan.
Each option vests as follows: 25% of the total
number of shares subject to the option vests one year after the date of grant,
and an additional 6.25% vests at the end of each three-month period thereafter
until the option is fully vested.
All options were granted at fair market value
as determined by the compensation committee on the date of grant.
In 2000,
eXcelon granted to employees options to purchase an aggregate of 4,383,050
shares of eXcelon common stock.
The dollar amounts in the last two columns are
the result of calculations at the 5% and 10% appreciation rates prescribed by
the SEC and are not intended to predict possible future appreciation, if any, in
the price of the eXcelon common stock.
Any gain to the optionees will result
only from an increase in the price of the eXcelon common stock after the date of
grant, which will benefit all stockholders proportionately.

                       
OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

                                                                                             POTENTIAL REALIZABLE
                                                    INDIVIDUAL GRANTS                          VALUE AT ASSUMED
                                ---------------------------------------------------------       ANNUAL RATE OF
                                 NUMBER OF     PERCENT OF                                         STOCK PRICE
                                SECURITIES    TOTAL OPTIONS                                      APPRECIATION
                                UNDERLYING     GRANTED TO     EXERCISE                          FOR OPTION TERM
                                  OPTIONS     EMPLOYEES IN      PRICE                       -----------------------
NAME                            GRANTED (#)    FISCAL YEAR    ($/SHARE)   
EXPIRATION DATE     5% ($)      10% ($)
- ----                            -----------   -------------   ---------   ---------------   ----------   ----------

Robert N. Goldman.............    300,000          6.84%       $13.13        1/10/2010      $2,477,215   $6,277,752
                                  300,000          6.84%         4.44        12/1/2010         849,687    2,122,865
Satish Maripuri...............    500,000         11.41%         4.44        12/1/2010       1,416,146    3,538,108
Brian W. Otis.................         --            --            --               --              --           --
Daniel E. O'Connor............         --            --            --               --              --           --
Ross A. Hinchcliffe...........         --            --            --               --              --           --

    OPTION EXERCISES AND FISCAL YEAR-END VALUES.  
The following table provides
information concerning stock options exercised during 2000 and stock options
held as of December 31, 2000 by each of eXcelon's named executive officers.

    
The value realized upon exercise is based on the difference between the fair
market value of the eXcelon common stock on the date of exercise and the
exercise price.
These values may never be realized.
Value at fiscal year-end is
based on $1.50 per share, the last sale price of the eXcelon common stock on
December 29, 2000, the last trading day of fiscal 2000, as reported on the
Nasdaq National Market, less the applicable exercise price.
These values were
not realized at the end of fiscal 2001 and may never be realized.
Actual gains,
if any, on exercise will depend on the value of the eXcelon common stock on the
date of the sale of shares issued upon exercise of the options.
At December 31,
2000, only Mr. Otis held any unexercised in-the-money stock options.

                
AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
                       AND FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

                                                      NUMBER OF SECURITIES UNDERLYING       VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                                          UNEXERCISED OPTIONS AT           IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS AT
                          SHARES                            FISCAL YEAR-END (#)              FISCAL YEAR-END ($)
                        ACQUIRED ON       VALUE       -------------------------------   
-----------------------------
        NAME           EXERCISE (#)    REALIZED ($)    EXERCISABLE     UNEXERCISABLE    EXERCISABLE    UNEXERCISABLE
- ---------------------  -------------   ------------   -------------   ---------------   ------------   
--------------

Robert N. Goldman....         --               --        653,126          796,874              --            --
Satish Maripuri......     25,600         $511,000        333,557          528,293              --            --
Brian W. Otis........         --               --        553,147          114,686         $32,633            --
Daniel E. O'Connor...     20,000          405,036        135,000          125,000              --            --
Ross A.
  Hinchcliffe........         --               --        446,875           53,125              --            --

EXISTING EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS

    This section summarizes eXcelon's employment and severance agreements with
its officers that were in effect before the proposed merger.
In the case of
Robert N. Goldman, Satish Maripuri and Lacey P. Brandt, the agreements
summarized below will be replaced by new employment agreements effective upon
the consummation of the merger.
For more information about Mr. Goldman's new
employment agreement, as well as agreements for Mr. Maripuri and Ms. Brandt, see
"Related Agreements--Employment agreements.
"

    In November 1995, eXcelon executed an employment agreement with Robert N.
Goldman.
eXcelon agreed to employ Mr. Goldman as President and Chief Executive
Officer at an annual salary of at least $190,000.
Under this agreement, if
Mr. Goldman's employment was terminated by eXcelon for any reason other than
just cause, death or permanent disability, the agreement required eXcelon to

continue to pay Mr. Goldman's salary for a period of twelve months after
termination, offset by any amounts received by Mr. Goldman from subsequent
employment during that period.

    
In November 1998, the employment agreement with Mr. Goldman was amended.
The
amended agreement provides that if Mr. Goldman's employment is terminated by
eXcelon for any reason other than just cause or following a change in control,
each as defined in the employment agreement, eXcelon will pay his salary and
medical benefits for twelve months and 100% of his target bonus for the year in
which the termination occurs.
The amended agreement also provides that in the
event of termination following a change in control, as defined in the agreement,
eXcelon will pay Mr. Goldman twenty-four months' salary and medical benefits and
200% of his target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, and any
outstanding options held by Mr. Goldman will become fully vested.

    
eXcelon has also entered into agreements with Messrs. O'Connor, Otis,
Hinchcliffe and Maripuri and with Ms. Brandt which provide, in the event of
termination following a change in control, for payment of twelve months' salary
and medical benefits and 100% of target bonus for the year in which the
termination occurs, and full vesting of any outstanding options held by such
individuals.

    
In connection with their employment by eXcelon, these officers executed
eXcelon's standard non-competition, non-disclosure and developments agreement.

These agreements contain covenants prohibiting the improper disclosure of
confidential information at any time, as well as provisions assigning to eXcelon
all inventions made or conceived by the officer during his employment with
eXcelon.
Each officer agreed with eXcelon that, with some exceptions, until one
year after the termination of his employment with eXcelon, he would not
participate in any capacity in any business activities competitive with those of
eXcelon.
Each officer further agreed not to participate in any capacity in
soliciting the business of any customers or the services of any employees of
eXcelon during that one-year period.

    
eXcelon has entered into severance agreements with Messrs. O'Connor, Otis
and Hinchcliffe.
Mr. O'Connor resigned as Senior Vice President, Business
Development and as an executive officer of eXcelon effective January 22, 2001.

Under the terms of the agreement entered into in connection with his resignation
from eXcelon, Mr. O'Connor received $115,269 of severance payable in
installments over a period of seven and one-half months.
Mr. Otis resigned as
Senior Vice President, Operations and as an executive officer of eXcelon
effective March 30, 2001.
Under the terms of the agreement entered into in
connection with his resignation from eXcelon, Mr. Otis received $236,250 of
severance compensation, of which $90,000 was paid on March 30, 2001 and $146,250
is payable in twenty-four equal monthly installments, beginning April 1, 2001.

Mr. Hinchcliffe resigned as Vice President, Worldwide Sales and as an executive
officer of eXcelon effective April 17, 2001.
Under the terms of the agreement
entered into in connection with his resignation from eXcelon, Mr. Hinchcliffe
received $233,333 of severance compensation payable in equal monthly
installments over a period of twelve months.


LOAN TO EXECUTIVE OFFICER

    In 1996, eXcelon loaned Robert N. Goldman, the Chairman of the Board and the
Chief Executive Officer of eXcelon, $572,700 in connection with the exercise of
stock options granted to him under eXcelon's 1995 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan
to purchase 2,300,000 shares of eXcelon common stock.
The loan to Mr. Goldman
was at a simple interest rate of 7.0% per annum and was made in accordance with
the terms of a full recourse promissory note due upon the earlier of April 1,
2001 or the date Mr. Goldman's employment with eXcelon terminates for any
reason.
The loan was originally secured by a pledge to eXcelon of all the shares
of eXcelon common stock acquired upon exercise of the option.
On January 29,
1997, eXcelon released 2,048,950 shares from Mr. Goldman's pledge, leaving
251,050 shares pledged to secure the outstanding amount of principal and
interest of the loan to Mr. Goldman.
On March 28, 2001, the eXcelon board of
directors voted to amend Mr. Goldman's

promissory note in order to extend its due date to the earlier of April 1, 2002
or the date Mr. Goldman's employment with eXcelon terminates for any reason.

eXcelon's board of directors has voted to forgive, upon consummation of the
merger, the total outstanding principal and accrued interest owing under the
note, which will be approximately $780,272, and to pay some of the tax
liabilities incurred by Mr. Goldman as a result of the loan forgiveness.
See
"The Merger--Interests of eXcelon's management and certain stockholders in the
merger--Additional compensation to Robert N. Goldman.
"

                     REPORT OF THE EXCELON AUDIT COMMITTEE

    The eXcelon board of directors has appointed an audit committee to monitor
eXcelon's corporate financial reporting and its internal and external audits, to
approve certain expenditures by eXcelon, to approve policies relating to
internal controls, to report the results of its examinations to the board and
make related recommendations, to outline for the board improvements to eXcelon's
internal accounting controls, to nominate independent auditors and otherwise to
provide guidance to the board regarding significant financial matters.
The audit
committee also makes recommendations to the board regarding other matters that
the board may assign to the committee.
The audit committee is governed by a
written charter adopted by the board of directors.
A copy of the charter is
attached to this proxy statement as Annex D.

    The audit committee currently consists of three non-employee directors.
Each
member of the audit committee is "independent" and is "financially
sophisticated" within the meaning of the Nasdaq Stock Market's marketplace
rules.

    
eXcelon's management is responsible for the financial reporting process,
including the system of internal controls, and for the preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

eXcelon's independent auditors are responsible for auditing those financial
statements.
The responsibility of the audit committee is to monitor and review
these processes.
However, the members of the audit committee are not
professionally engaged in the practice of accounting or auditing and are not
experts in the fields of accounting or auditing, including with respect to
auditor independence.
The audit committee has relied, without independent
verification, on the information provided to it and on the representations made
by eXcelon's management and independent auditors.

    
In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the audit committee discussed
with representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, eXcelon's independent
auditors for 2000, the overall scope and plans for their audit of eXcelon's
financial statements for 2000.
The audit committee met with them, with and
without eXcelon's management present, to discuss the results of their
examinations and their evaluations of eXcelon's internal controls and the
overall quality of eXcelon's financial reporting.

    
The audit committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements
for fiscal 2000 with management and the independent auditors.

    
The audit committee discussed with the independent auditors the matters
required to be discussed by Statement of Auditing Standards No. 61,
COMMUNICATION WITH AUDIT COMMITTEES, as amended, including a discussion of their
judgments as to the quality, not just the acceptability, of eXcelon's accounting
principles and the other matters required to be discussed with audit committees
under generally accepted auditing standards.

    
In addition, the audit committee received from the independent auditors a
letter containing the written disclosures required by Independence Standards
Board Standard No. 1, INDEPENDENCE DISCUSSIONS WITH AUDIT COMMITTEES, and
discussed the disclosures with them, as well as other matters relevant to their
independence from management and eXcelon.
In evaluating the independence of
eXcelon's auditors, the audit committee considered whether the services the
auditors provided to

eXcelon beyond their audit and review of eXcelon's financial statements was
compatible with maintaining their independence.
The audit committee also
considered the amount of fees they received for audit and non-audit services.

    
Based on the audit committee's review and these meetings, discussions and
reports, and subject to the limitations on the audit committee's role and
responsibilities referred to above and in the audit committee charter, the
eXcelon audit committee recommended to the board of directors that eXcelon's
audited financial statements for 2000 be included in eXcelon's annual report on
Form 10-K.
The audit committee also recommended to the board of directors that
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP be selected as eXcelon's independent auditors for
2001.

                                          
The Audit Committee

                                          Gerald B. Bay
                                          Kevin J. Burns
                                          Robert M. Agate

                  REPORT OF THE EXCELON COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

    The compensation committee of eXcelon's board of directors determines the
remuneration and benefits of eXcelon's executive officers and other senior
management, administers eXcelon's stock option plans and employee stock purchase
plan, and acts in an advisory capacity to the board of directors concerning
other compensation issues.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    COMPENSATION POLICY.  
The compensation committee's policy with respect to
compensation of eXcelon's Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers
includes several elements:

    - the payment of competitive base salaries to attract and retain highly
      qualified personnel;

    - the use of incentive compensation in the form of cash bonuses to reward
      the achievement of eXcelon's financial objectives, such as achievement of
      budgeted expense and profitability levels, as well as technical and market
      development goals;

    - in appropriate instances, the payment of sales-based commissions to reward
      contributions to revenue growth;

    - the granting of stock options to maintain competitive levels of total
      compensation, to assist eXcelon in recruiting and retaining personnel, as
      well as to align management's interests with those of stockholders and to
      motivate executives to pursue eXcelon's long-term success; and

    - the use of executive employment agreements containing provisions intended
      to attract and retain highly qualified personnel.

    
The committee intends that eXcelon's executive compensation policies be
straightforward, easily communicated to and understood by employees and
stockholders, and structured so that the achievement of company and individual
goals can be readily measured.

    
BASE SALARIES.  
The compensation committee establishes competitive base
salaries by relying on published industry surveys and targeted peer company
surveys that examine the compensation practices of other companies in the
software industry, as well as other high technology companies in the relevant
geographic area that might compete with eXcelon in hiring or retaining strong
performers.
The committee, using the collected data and applying the members'
collective experience in recruiting and managing in a technical environment,
seeks to establish base salaries that take into account not only competitive
factors but also the breadth of experience and recent individual performance of
the executive.
The committee's objective is not to determine compensation
levels, in general or for specific positions, by seeking to achieve a specific
percentile rank in comparison to competitors or peers, but rather to fix
compensation levels on a case-by-case basis guided by management's
recommendations and the committee members' experience and judgment.
eXcelon's
Chief Executive Officer, Robert N. Goldman, was paid a base salary of $250,000
in 2000 and $210,000 in 1999.

    
INCENTIVE COMPENSATION.  
In establishing executive bonus levels, the
compensation committee begins by reviewing management's annual strategic and
financial plan, as approved by the board of directors at the beginning of the
year, including eXcelon's financial goals and individual performance goals
proposed by eXcelon's Chief Executive Officer.
The committee establishes at that
time the maximum bonus for which executive officers, other than the Chief
Executive Officer, are eligible.
The maximum bonus is a percentage of the
officer's annual base salary and generally ranges from 0% to 50%.
The committee
then determines the percentage of this amount, if any, to be paid to the
executive officer as a bonus at the end of the year based on the performance of
both eXcelon and the executive.
The compensation committee determines the Chief
Executive Officer's bonus based on the attainment of goals jointly developed and
agreed upon between the committee and the Chief Executive Officer.
The Chief
Executive Officer's bonus is not fixed as a specific percentage of his base
salary.
After the end of

the year, the Chief Executive Officer presents to the committee an analysis of
the performance of the individual executives against eXcelon's overall corporate
financial goals and the personal goals of the executives, together with his
recommendations concerning specific management bonuses.
After reviewing these
recommendations, the committee determines whether, and in what amounts, to award
bonuses to the Chief Executive Officer and the other executive officers.

    
During 2000, Mr. Goldman received cash bonuses of $175,000; Mr. Otis
received cash bonuses of $63,000; Mr. Hinchcliffe received cash bonuses of
$9,000; Mr. Maripuri received cash bonuses of $14,000; and Mr. O'Connor received
cash bonuses of $56,000.

    STOCK OPTIONS.  
The compensation committee believes that stock options are
an important element of eXcelon's executive compensation program, not only to
enable eXcelon to compete effectively in recruiting and retaining employees, but
also in order to align the interests of management with those of eXcelon's
stockholders.
In granting options, the committee considers, among other factors,
competitive conditions, the executive's experience, responsibilities and
performance, the sizes of other individual grants and the total number of
options outstanding.
Option grants are awarded to all executive officers at the
time they are hired, and additional options may be granted during the term of
employment based upon specific individual or corporate achievements.

    
For 2000, Mr. Goldman was granted 300,000 options at an exercise price of
$13.13 per share and 300,000 options at an exercise price of $4.44 per share;
Mr. Maripuri was granted 500,000 options at an exercise price of $4.44 per
share.


POLICY REGARDING SECTION 162(M) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE

    Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code limits eXcelon's ability to
deduct on its federal income tax return compensation in excess of $1.0 million
paid to its Chief Executive Officer and its four other most highly compensated
officers in any fiscal year, unless the compensation qualifies as
"performance-based compensation."
The compensation committee's policy with
respect of Section 162(m) is to make every reasonable effort to cause
compensation to be deductible by eXcelon while simultaneously providing
eXcelon's executive officers with appropriate rewards for their performance.
The
base salaries and bonuses of eXcelon's individual executive officers have not
historically exceeded, the $1.0 million limit, and options received by executive
officers under eXcelon's 1996 stock option plan are intended to qualify as
performance-based compensation.
Though options granted under eXcelon's 1997
stock option plan do not qualify as performance-based compensation, the
compensation committee, as a matter of policy, does not grant options under that
plan to officers of eXcelon.

                                          
The Compensation Committee

                                          Gerald B. Bay
                                          Kevin J. Burns

PERFORMANCE GRAPH

    The following performance graph compares the performance of eXcelon's
cumulative stockholder return with that of a broad market index, the Nasdaq
Stock Market Index for U.S. Companies, and a published industry index, the J.P.
Morgan H&Q Technology Index, formerly known as the Hambrecht & Quist Technology
Index.
The cumulative stockholder returns for shares of eXcelon common stock and
for the market and industry indices are calculated assuming $100 was invested on
July 23, 1996, the date on which the eXcelon common stock commenced trading on
the Nasdaq National Market, and assuming shares of eXcelon common stock were
purchased at the initial public offering price.
eXcelon paid no cash dividends
during the periods shown.
The performance of the market and industry indices is
shown on a total return, or dividend reinvested, basis.

                 
COMPARISON OF 53-MONTH CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN
        AMONG EXCELON CORPORATION, THE NASDAQ STOCK MARKET (U.S.) INDEX
                   AND THE J.P. MORGAN H&Q TECHNOLOGY INDEX*

EDGAR REPRESENTATION OF DATA POINTS USED IN PRINTED GRAPHIC

                              RETURNS (IN DOLLARS)
BY DATE

                                                   7/23/96  12/31/96  12/31/97  12/31/98  12/31/99  12/31/00
EXCELON CORP.                                         $100      $157      $112       $88      $193       $20
NASDAQ STOCK MARKET (U.S.)                            $100      $123      $151      $212      $394      $238
J.P. MORGAN H & Q TECHNOLOGY                          $100      $137      $160      $249      $557      $360

* $100 INVESTED ON 7-23-96 IN STOCK OR INDEX--
INCLUDING REINVESTMENT OF DIVIDENDS.

FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31.

                            
EXCELON PROPOSAL FOUR--
                            AMENDMENT TO THE EXCELON
                       1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    This proposal may only be voted upon by eXcelon stockholders.
C-bridge
stockholders are not entitled to vote on this proposal.

    
On June 8, 2001, eXcelon's board voted to amend eXcelon's 1996 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares that may be issued under
the plan from 700,000 shares to 2,200,000 shares and to submit that amendment to
eXcelon's stockholders for their approval.

    
THE EXCELON BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT EXCELON STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR
THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE AMENDMENT TO THE 1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN.


BACKGROUND

    In 1996, eXcelon's board of directors adopted, and its stockholders
approved, the eXcelon 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
The plan is intended to
qualify as an "employee stock purchase plan" under Section 423 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 and to provide employees of eXcelon with an

opportunity to increase their ownership interest in eXcelon through the purchase
of shares of eXcelon common stock.

    
The stock purchase plan, as initially approved by the stockholders of
eXcelon on May 23, 1996, included 300,000 shares of eXcelon common stock.
The
board increased the number of shares included in the plan to 500,000 on
February 23, 1999 and 700,000 on February 29, 2000.
On each occasion, eXcelon's
stockholders subsequently approved the increase.
As of June 4, 2001, there were
only 160,378 shares of eXcelon common stock that remained available for purchase
under the plan.


PROPOSED AMENDMENT OF THE 1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    On June 8, 2001, eXcelon's board voted to amend the plan to increase the
number of shares included in the plan from 700,000 shares to 2,200,000 shares
and to submit that amendment to eXcelon's stockholders for their approval.

    
eXcelon believes that the availability of an employee stock purchase plan is
important to the combined Company's ability to recruit and retain qualified
employees.
In 1999, eXcelon issued 157,267 shares of common stock under the
plan, and in 2000, it issued 89,208 shares under the plan.
As of June 4, 2001,
only 160,378 shares of common stock were available for purchase under the plan.

The eXcelon board believes that this number of shares is insufficient to
accommodate either its current employees or the substantial number of new
employees that are expected to join eXcelon in connection with the proposed
merger with C-bridge.
The board of directors believes that, in the current
competitive environment for highly skilled employees, the proposed amendment is
necessary to enable eXcelon to provide appropriate long-term incentives to its
employees and to recruit and retain additional highly skilled employees to
support the growth of eXcelon's business, including the new employees that are
expected to join eXcelon in connection with the proposed merger with C-bridge.

    
THE EXCELON BOARD OF DIRECTORS THEREFORE RECOMMENDS THAT EXCELON
STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN.


DESCRIPTION OF THE 1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    The stock purchase plan is administered by the compensation committee of the
board of directors.
Under the plan, up to 700,000 shares of eXcelon common stock
may be purchased at 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the eXcelon
common stock on the first day or the last day of each six-month offering period.

Employees may elect to have up to 6% of their base pay withheld and applied
toward the purchase of shares in each offering.

    
Participation in the stock purchase plan is voluntary.
Participation in one
or more offerings under the plan neither limits nor requires participation in
any other offering.
Generally, each employee of eXcelon is eligible to
participate in the plan on the first offering commencement date that follows the
completion of six months of continuous service with eXcelon.
As of June 4, 2001,
approximately 308 employees of eXcelon and its subsidiaries were eligible to
participate in the plan.

    
An employee will not be granted an option under the stock purchase plan if,
immediately after the grant, the employee would own stock, and/or hold
outstanding options to purchase stock, possessing 5% or more of the total
combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of eXcelon or any
subsidiary of eXcelon, as determined under rules established under
Section 424(d) of the Internal Revenue Code.
In addition, an employee will not
be granted an option under the plan which permits the employee's rights to
purchase stock under all Section 423 employee stock purchase plans of eXcelon
and its subsidiaries to exceed $25,000 of the fair market value of the eXcelon
common stock for each calendar year in which the option is outstanding, as
determined under rules established under Section 423(b)(8) of the Internal
Revenue Code.
For purposes of this test, fair market value is determined at the
time the option is granted.

    
Any eligible employee may become a participant by completing a payroll
deduction authorization form provided by eXcelon and filing it with eXcelon's
Treasurer 20 days before the applicable offering commencement date, as
determined by the compensation committee.
When a participant files the
authorization form, he or she elects to have deductions made from his or her pay
on each payday during any offering in which he or she is a participant, at a
specified percentage of his or her compensation as determined on the applicable
offering commencement date.
Each employee's specified percentage must be in
increments of 1% and may not exceed 6%.
A participant's payroll deductions begin
on the offering commencement date when the applicable authorization for a
payroll deduction becomes effective and end on the offering termination date of
the offering to which the authorization applies, unless sooner terminated by the
participant.
All of a participant's payroll deductions are credited to his or
her account under the stock purchase plan.
A participant may not make any
separate cash payment into his or her account.
No interest will be paid or
allowed on any money paid into the plan or credited to the account of any
participant.

    
Any participant may withdraw from the stock purchase plan at any time during
the applicable offering period.
A participant may withdraw the payroll
deductions credited to his or her account under the stock purchase plan for the
offering by giving written notice to the Treasurer of eXcelon.
All of the
participant's payroll deductions credited to his or her account will be paid,
without interest, to the participant promptly after receipt of notice of
withdrawal, and no future payroll deductions will be made from his or her pay
during that offering.
eXcelon will treat any attempt by a participant to borrow
on the security of accumulated payroll deductions as an election to withdraw
those deductions.
A participant's election not to participate in, or withdrawal
from, any offering will not have any effect upon his or her eligibility to
participate in any subsequent offering or in any similar plan adopted by
eXcelon.

    
If a participant's employment is terminated for any reason other than death,
the payroll deductions credited to his or her account will be returned to the
participant.
If a participant dies, his or her beneficiary may elect either to
withdraw all of the payroll deductions credited to the participant's account
under the plan or to exercise the participant's option under the plan.
To make
this election, the beneficiary must give written notice of the election to
eXcelon's Treasurer within 90 days of the death of the participant.
If the
beneficiary elects to exercise the participant's option under the plan, the
beneficiary will be able to purchase, on the offering termination date next
following the participant's death, the number of shares of common stock which
the accumulated payroll deductions in the participant's account at the
participant's death will purchase at the applicable option price, and any excess
in the account will be returned to the beneficiary.
If eXcelon's Treasurer does
not receive written notice of the election in a timely manner, the beneficiary
will be deemed to have elected to withdraw the payroll deductions credited to
the participant's account.

    
On the offering commencement date of each offering, a participant will be
deemed to have been granted an option to purchase a maximum number of shares of
common stock.
The maximum number equals two multiplied by:

    - the sum of (1) the percentage of the employee's compensation which he or
      she has elected to have withheld, multiplied by the employee's
      compensation over the offering period, and (2) any amounts in the
      employee's account on the offering commencement date that have been
      carried forward from prior offerings;

    - divided by 85% of the fair market value per share of eXcelon common stock
      on the applicable offering commencement date.

    
The option price of the eXcelon common stock purchased with payroll
deductions made during each offering is the lower of 85% of the fair market
value of the eXcelon common stock on the offering commencement date or 85% of
the fair market value of the eXcelon common stock on the offering termination
date.
For this purpose, fair market value means the average of the bid and asked

prices as reported by Nasdaq in the Wall Street Journal, or, if Nasdaq has
designated the stock as a Nasdaq National Market security, the last trading
price of the stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market in the Wall Street
Journal, or, if the stock is listed on an exchange, the closing price of the
stock on the exchange.
If the common stock is not quoted on Nasdaq, not
designated as a Nasdaq National Market security and not listed on an exchange,
fair market value will be determined by the compensation committee.
If the
eXcelon common stock is not traded on the offering commencement date or the
offering termination date, fair market value will be determined on the next
regular trading day for the stock.
On June 13, 2001, the last sale price of the
eXcelon common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $1.64.

    
On the offering termination date, a participant's option under the plan will
be deemed to have been exercised automatically to purchase the number of shares
of eXcelon common stock which the accumulated amounts in his or her account at
that time will purchase at the applicable option price.
A participant may elect
otherwise by giving written notice to the Treasurer of eXcelon.
If the total
number of shares for which options are exercised on any offering termination
date exceeds the number of shares available under the plan, eXcelon must
allocate the available shares to plan participants in an equitable manner and
must return to each participant any balance of payroll deductions credited to
the participant's account.
The participant will have no interest in the stock
covered by his or her option until the option has been exercised.

    
If there is any excess in the participant's account after the exercise, the
excess will be returned to the participant, except that any amounts in the
account which would have been used to purchase fractional shares will be
automatically carried forward to the next offering unless the participant elects
to have the excess returned to the participant.
The participant may make this
election only by giving written notice to the Treasurer of eXcelon.


FUTURE AMENDMENTS TO THE 1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    eXcelon's board of directors may amend or terminate the 1996 employee stock
purchase plan at any time and from time to time.
No amendment may make any
change in any option previously granted under the plan that would adversely
affect the rights of any participant holding options under the plan.
Termination
of the plan will not affect options previously granted under the plan.


FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO EXCELON AND THE PARTICIPANTS

    If an employee acquires shares of eXcelon common stock under the stock
purchase plan and does not dispose of them within two years after the
commencement of the offering in which the shares were acquired, nor within one
year after the date on which the shares were acquired, any gain realized upon
subsequent disposition will be taxable as a long-term capital gain, except that
the portion of the gain equal to the lesser of (a) the excess of the fair market
value of the shares on the date of disposition over the amount paid upon
purchase of the shares, or (b) the excess of the fair market value of the shares
on the offering commencement date over the amount paid upon purchase of the
shares, is taxable as ordinary income.
eXcelon has no corresponding deduction.

If the employee disposes of the shares at a price less than the price that he or
she paid for the shares, the employee realizes no ordinary income and has a
long-term capital loss measured by the difference between the purchase price and
the selling price.

    
If an employee disposes of shares acquired under the stock purchase plan
within two years after the offering commencement date of the offering in which
the shares were acquired, or within one year after the date on which the shares
were acquired, the difference between the purchase price and the fair market
value of the shares at the time of purchase will be taxable to him or her as
ordinary income in the year of disposition.
In that event, eXcelon may deduct
from its gross income an amount equal to the amount treated as ordinary income
to each such employee.
Any excess of the selling price over the

fair market value at the time the employee purchased the shares will be taxable
as long-term or short-term capital gain, depending upon the period for which the
shares were held.
If any shares are disposed of within either the two-year
period or the one-year period at a price less than the fair market value at the
time of purchase, the employee will realize ordinary income equal to the
difference between the purchase price and the fair market value of the shares at
the time of purchase, and the employee will recognize a capital loss equal to
the difference between the fair market value of the shares at the time of
purchase and the selling price.

    
If a participating employee dies while he or she owns shares acquired under
the stock purchase plan, ordinary income may be reportable on his or her final
income tax return.

    
The 1996 stock purchase plan is not subject to the provisions of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, nor is the plan qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

    
Although the foregoing summarizes the essential features of the stock
purchase plan, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the stock purchase plan, which is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as
Annex E.

REGISTRATION OF SHARES INCLUDED IN THE 1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    eXcelon has filed registration statements on Form S-8 to register the
700,000 shares of eXcelon common stock included in the stock purchase plan.
If
the stockholders approve the proposed amendment to the plan, eXcelon intends to
file a registration statement on Form S-8 to register the additional 1,500,000
shares so approved.
The board of directors has not determined what action it
will take if the stockholders do not approve the proposal.


SHARES PURCHASED TO DATE

    The following table provides information concerning shares issued under the
plan from its inception through June 4, 2001 to:

    - each named executive officer;

    - all current executive officers, as a group;

    - all current directors who are not executive officers, as a group;

    - each nominee for election as a director; and

    - all employees who are not executive officers, as a group.

    
No person has received or is currently expected to receive five percent or
more of the total number of options available for grant under the plan, and
eXcelon is not aware that any associate of any executive officer, director or
director-nominee has received shares under the plan.
The persons and groups
listed in the following table may receive additional shares under the plan.

                            
SHARES PURCHASED TO DATE
                       1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

                                                                                                         NUMBER OF
NAME AND POSITION                                                                                     SHARES PURCHASED
- -----------------                                                                                     
----------------

Robert N. Goldman...................................................................................           --
  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
Satish Maripuri.....................................................................................           --
  President and Chief Operating Officer
Brian W. Otis.......................................................................................       
10,538
  Senior Vice President, Operations
Daniel E. O'Connor..................................................................................           --
  Senior Vice President, Business Development
Ross A. Hinchcliffe.................................................................................        1,384
  Vice President, Worldwide Sales
All current executive officers, as a group..........................................................       10,355
All current directors who are not executive officers, as a group....................................           --
Director-nominees...................................................................................           --
All employees who are not executive officers, as a group............................................      
505,130

                            EXCELON PROPOSAL FIVE--
                         AMENDMENT TO THE EXCELON 1996
                           INCENTIVE AND NONQUALIFIED
                               STOCK OPTION PLAN

    
This proposal may only be voted upon by eXcelon stockholders.
C-bridge
stockholders are not entitled to vote on this proposal.

    
On June 8, 2001, eXcelon's board voted to amend eXcelon's 1996 Incentive and
Nonqualified Stock Option Plan to increase the number of shares included in the
plan from 4,700,000 shares to 7,700,000 shares and to submit that amendment to
eXcelon's stockholders for their approval.

    
THE eXCELON BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT eXCELON STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR
THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE AMENDMENT TO THE 1996 INCENTIVE AND NONQUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION PLAN.


BACKGROUND

    In 1996, eXcelon's board of directors adopted, and its stockholders
approved, the eXcelon 1996 Incentive and Nonqualified Stock Option Plan.
The
plan authorizes the grant of both incentive options and nonqualified options.

Incentive options are options to purchase eXcelon common stock intended to
qualify as "incentive stock options" under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
Code.
Nonqualified options are any options that do not meet the qualifications
of that section.
The purpose of the plan is to provide a performance incentive
for officers and employees of eXcelon or its subsidiaries and for certain other
individuals providing services to or acting as directors of eXcelon or its
subsidiaries by enabling them to increase their ownership interest in eXcelon.

    
The stock option plan, as initially approved by the stockholders of eXcelon
on May 23, 1996, included 1,200,000 shares of eXcelon common stock.
The plan
provided that the number of shares included in the plan would be automatically
increased by 300,000 shares on each of the first five anniversaries of the date
of the initial stockholder approval, with the result that, as of May 23, 2001,
the plan included 2,700,000 shares.

    
eXcelon's board increased the number of shares included in the stock option
plan by 1,000,000 shares on April 2, 1998 and by another 1,000,000 shares on
February 29, 2000.
On each occasion,

eXcelon's stockholders subsequently approved the increase.
As a result of these
amendments, as of June 4, 2001, the plan included 4,700,000 shares.
As of
June 4, 2001, eXcelon had issued 201,150 shares of common stock under the plan
and had reserved 4,086,620 shares for issuance upon the exercise of options
outstanding under the plan.
On that date, there were only 412,248 shares of
eXcelon common stock that remained available for the grant of options under the
plan.
As of June 4, 2001, option prices and expiration dates for outstanding
options granted under the plan ranged from $1.96 to $13.13 per share and from
June 24, 2006 to May 14, 2011, respectively.

    
In addition to the eXcelon 1996 Incentive and Nonqualified Stock Option
Plan, eXcelon's board of directors adopted the eXcelon 1997 Nonqualified Stock
Option Plan on April 22, 1997.
The 1997 plan only authorizes the grant of
nonqualified options and includes 7,500,000 shares of eXcelon common stock.
The
1997 plan was not submitted to eXcelon's stockholders for approval.
Since the
adoption of the 1997 plan, the policy of eXcelon's compensation committee has
been to use the 1996 plan primarily to grant incentive and nonqualified stock
options to officers of eXcelon and to use the 1997 plan primarily to grant
options to employees who are not officers of eXcelon.
The 1996 plan also
provides for automatic formula grants of nonqualified options to eXcelon's
outside directors.


PROPOSED AMENDMENT OF THE 1996 INCENTIVE AND NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION PLAN

    On June 8, 2001, eXcelon's board voted to amend the 1996 plan to increase
the number of shares included in the plan by 3,000,000 shares to 7,700,000 and
to submit that amendment to eXcelon's stockholders for their approval.
The
eXcelon board believes this increase is necessary not only to accommodate future
option grants to its existing employees, but also to provide for future option
grants to the substantial number of new employees that are expected to join
eXcelon in connection with the proposed merger with C-bridge.

    
As stated above, long-term, equity-based compensation in the form of stock
options is a key element of eXcelon's executive compensation policy.
In
addition, eXcelon believes that the availability of incentive options is
important to eXcelon's ability to recruit and retain qualified executives.
As of
June 4, 2001, only 412,248 shares of eXcelon common stock are available for the
grant of options to officers and directors of eXcelon under the 1996 plan.
The
provisions of the 1996 plan providing for automatic annual increases in the
number of shares included in the plan expired on May 23, 2001.
In the current
competitive environment for senior executives, the eXcelon board believes that
the proposed amendment of the 1996 plan is necessary to enable eXcelon to
provide appropriate long-term incentives to members of its senior management and
to recruit and retain additional executives to support the growth of eXcelon's
business.

    
In addition, the eXcelon board believes that, in many cases, the stock
options currently held by its employees are not providing adequate incentive to
those employees to pursue the best interests of eXcelon and its stockholders.
As
of June 4, 2001, a substantial number of eXcelon's outstanding stock options
were "underwater," meaning that the fair market value of the eXcelon common
stock was below the exercise prices of those options.

    
The following chart provides information regarding the number of eXcelon
stock options outstanding on June 4, 2001 and their exercise prices.

                       
OUTSTANDING eXCELON STOCK OPTIONS

      RANGE OF                     NUMBER OF
   EXERCISE PRICE             OUTSTANDING OPTIONS
- ---------------------         -------------------

       $0.01 - $ 1.71                 416,507
        1.96 -   6.13               7,041,824
        6.19 -  22.63               3,506,717
                                   ----------
                                   10,965,048

    In the merger, eXcelon will assume all outstanding options to purchase
C-bridge common stock.
Based on the number of C-bridge stock options outstanding
on June 4, 2001 and the exchange ratio of 1.2517 shares of eXcelon common stock
for each share of C-bridge common stock, eXcelon expects that it will assume
options to purchase 13,285,939 shares of eXcelon common stock.
A substantial
number of these options are currently underwater and will likely be underwater
when they are assumed by eXcelon in the merger, based on the exercise prices
that these options will have following their assumption by eXcelon in the
merger.

    
The following chart provides information regarding the number of C-bridge
stock options outstanding on June 4, 2001 and their exercise prices, in each
case adjusted to reflect the conversion of those options into options to
purchase eXcelon common stock.

                       
OUTSTANDING C-BRIDGE STOCK OPTIONS

      RANGE OF                     NUMBER OF
   EXERCISE PRICE             OUTSTANDING OPTIONS
- ---------------------         -------------------

       $0.01 - $ 1.71               3,770,885
        1.83 -   6.74               6,415,536
        8.49 -  45.54               3,099,518
                                   ----------
                                   13,285,939

    On June 4, 2001, the closing price of the eXcelon common stock on the Nasdaq
National Market was $1.71.
Accordingly, as of that date, outstanding eXcelon and
C-bridge options to purchase 20,063,595 shares of eXcelon common stock were
underwater, and outstanding eXcelon and C-bridge options to purchase only
4,187,392 shares of eXcelon common stock were in the money.
As a result, the
eXcelon board believes that, in order to provide appropriate incentive
compensation to its current employees and other service providers, as well as
the new employees expected to join eXcelon as a result of the merger with
C-bridge, it will be necessary for the board and eXcelon's compensation
committee to have additional options available for grant to those employees and
service providers.

    
THE eXCELON BOARD OF DIRECTORS THEREFORE RECOMMENDS THAT eXCELON
STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN.


DESCRIPTION OF THE 1996 INCENTIVE AND NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION PLAN

    The 1996 stock option plan is currently administered by the compensation
committee of the board of directors.
The plan may be administered by any
committee of the board of directors consisting of two or more outside directors.

Under the plan, an outside director is any director who:

    - is not an employee of eXcelon or of any affiliate of eXcelon;

    - is not a former employee of eXcelon or any affiliate of eXcelon who is
      receiving compensation for prior services during the taxable year of
      eXcelon or the affiliate, other than benefits under a tax-qualified
      retirement plan;

    - has not been an officer of eXcelon or any affiliate of eXcelon; and

    - does not receive remuneration from eXcelon or any affiliate of eXcelon,
      either directly or indirectly, in any capacity other than as a director.

    
For this purpose, an affiliate is any company that is a member of an
"affiliated group" that includes eXcelon, as that term is defined in
Section 1504(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

    
Except for the non-discretionary grant of options to directors who are not
employees, as described above under "Compensation of directors and executive
officers," the compensation committee selects the individuals who will receive
options under the plan and determines the exercise price and other terms of each
option, subject to the provisions of the plan.
The compensation committee also
has the power to make changes to outstanding options under the plan, including
the power to reduce the exercise price, accelerate the vesting schedule and
extend the expiration date of any option.

    
Under the plan, incentive options may be granted only to employees of
eXcelon or its subsidiaries, including officers and directors who are also
employees.
Under the plan, nonqualified options may be granted to employees, as
well as officers and directors of eXcelon or a subsidiary, whether or not they
are employees of eXcelon or a subsidiary, and to consultants and other
individuals who provide services to eXcelon or a subsidiary.
As of June 4, 2001,
approximately 344 employees and 3 directors were eligible to participate in the
plan.
As described above, the current policy of the compensation committee is to
use the 1996 plan primarily to grant incentive and nonqualified stock options to
officers of eXcelon.

    
The maximum term of options granted under the 1996 plan is ten years from
the date of grant, or five years from the date of grant in the case of incentive
options granted to employees or officers holding 10% or more of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of eXcelon or any subsidiary or
parent.
For incentive options, the exercise price may not be less than the fair
market value of the eXcelon common stock on the date of grant, or 110% of fair
market value in the case of a greater-than-ten-percent-stockholder.
The
aggregate fair market value of shares issuable under incentive options which
first become exercisable by an employee or officer in any calendar year may not
exceed $100,000.
For this purpose, fair market value is determined at the time
of grant.
No person may be granted options to purchase more than 500,000 shares
of eXcelon common stock in any calendar year, including options that are
subsequently forfeited, canceled or otherwise terminated.
For this purpose, the
repricing of any option is deemed the grant of a new option.

    
Options are non-transferable except by will or by the laws of descent or
distribution, and during the lifetime of the holder are exercisable only by the
holder.
Options generally may not be exercised after the earliest of:

    - expiration of the option;

    - termination of the optionee's employment or services for cause;

    - termination of the optionee's employment or services voluntary by the
      optionee;

    - thirty days after termination of the optionee's employment or services
      upon retirement or by eXcelon without cause; or

    - one year after termination of the optionee's employment or services as a
      result of disability or death.

    
An optionee may pay the exercise price to purchase shares under any option
granted under the 1996 plan by delivering to eXcelon:

    - cash, check, bank draft, or money order for an amount equal to the
      exercise price for such shares;

    - shares of eXcelon common stock having a fair market value equal to the
      exercise price, but if the shares to be surrendered were acquired from
      eXcelon upon the exercise of an option, those shares must have been
      outstanding for at least six months;

    - an unconditional and irrevocable undertaking by a broker to deliver
      promptly to eXcelon sufficient funds to pay the exercise price;

    - if so permitted by the option agreement or, in the case of a nonqualified
      option, if permitted by the compensation committee, a promissory note of
      the optionee to eXcelon, payable on such terms as the compensation
      committee may specify; or

    - any combination of the permissible forms of payment.

    
If the optionee chooses to surrender shares of eXcelon common stock to pay
the exercise price of any option, the compensation committee may provide that
the optionee be granted an additional option to purchase the number of shares
surrendered at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the eXcelon
common stock on the date of surrender.

    
The 1996 stock option plan terminates in October 2006, subject to earlier
termination by eXcelon's board of directors or the earlier issuance of all
shares issuable under the plan.
After the termination of the plan, eXcelon may
not grant options under the plan, but options that are outstanding on the date
of termination will not be affected by the termination.


FUTURE AMENDMENTS TO THE 1996 INCENTIVE AND NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION PLAN

    eXcelon's board of directors may amend or terminate the 1996 stock option
plan at any time and from time to time, but no amendment or termination will
affect the rights and obligations under any option granted before the amendment
or termination unless the option holder agrees.
If an amendment would increase
the number of shares of eXcelon common stock that may be issued under the plan
or would change the provisions regarding eligibility to receive incentive
options under the plan, the amendment will not be effective unless approved by
eXcelon's stockholders within 12 months before or after the adoption of the
amendment.


FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO eXCELON AND THE OPTIONEES

    The recipient of a nonqualified option recognizes no income for federal
income tax purposes upon the grant of the option.
On the exercise of a
nonqualified option, the difference between the fair market value of the
underlying shares of eXcelon common stock on the date of exercise and the option
exercise price is treated as compensation to the holder of the option, taxable
as ordinary income in the year of exercise.
For computing any capital gain or
loss upon disposition of the shares, the holder's tax basis in the shares will
equal that fair market value.
The amount treated as capital gains will be
long-term capital gain if the shares are held for more than 12 months after
exercise of the option.

    
The recipient of an incentive option recognizes no income for federal income
tax purposes upon the grant of the option.
Except as provided below with respect
to the alternative minimum tax, the holder of an incentive option recognizes no
income for federal income tax purposes upon the exercise of the option.

    
If the holder does not dispose of the shares acquired upon exercise of the
incentive option within two years from the date of the grant of the option or
within one year after exercise of the option, any gain realized by the holder on
the subsequent sale of those shares will be treated, for federal income tax
purposes, as long-term capital gain.
If the holder sells the shares before the
expiration of these two-year and one-year periods, the difference between the
lesser of the value of the shares at the date of exercise or at the date of sale
and the exercise price of the incentive option is treated as compensation to the
holder, taxable as ordinary income, and the excess gain, if any, is treated as
capital

gain.
The amount treated as capital gain will be long-term capital gain if the
shares are held for more than 12 months after exercise of the option.

    
For purposes of the alternative minimum tax, the excess of the fair market
value of the underlying shares over the option price at the time of exercise of
an incentive option will constitute an item of tax preference.
Taxpayers who
incur the alternative minimum tax are allowed a credit which may be carried
forward indefinitely to be used as a credit against the taxpayer's regular tax
liability in a later year.
However, the alternative minimum tax credit cannot
reduce the regular tax below the alternative minimum tax for that carryover
year.

    
Generally, subject to limitations, eXcelon may deduct on its corporate
income tax returns an amount equal to the amount recognized as ordinary income
by an optionee in the year in which the optionee recognizes ordinary income upon
the exercise of a nonqualified option or upon the failure to meet the two-year
and one-year requirements described above for incentive options.

    
The 1996 stock option plan is not subject to the provisions of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, nor is the plan qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

    
Although the foregoing summarizes the essential features of the 1996 stock
option plan, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the plan, which is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex F.

REGISTRATION OF SHARES INCLUDED IN THE 1996 INCENTIVE AND NONQUALIFIED STOCK
OPTION PLAN

    eXcelon has filed registration statements on Form S-8 register the 4,700,000
shares of eXcelon common stock included in the 1996 stock option plan.
If the
stockholders approve the proposed amendment to the plan, eXcelon intends to
file a registration statement on Form S-8 to register the additional 3,000,000
shares so approved.
The board of directors has not determined what action it
will take if the stockholders do not approve the proposal.


OPTION GRANTS TO DATE

    The following table provides information concerning options granted under
the plan from its inception through June 4, 2001 to:

    - each person who has received or is currently expected to receive five
      percent or more of the total number of options available for grant under
      the plan;

    - each named executive officer;

    - all current executive officers, as a group;

    - all current directors who are not executive officers, as a group;

    - each nominee for election as a director; and

    - all employees who are not executive officers, as a group.

    
C-bridge has nominated Joseph L. Badaracco, Joseph M. Bellini, Jeffrey
Horing and Raymond J. Lane for election as directors of eXcelon.
None of these
individuals has been granted options under the plan.
eXcelon is not aware that
any associate of any executive officer, director or director-nominee has
received options under the plan.
Because the grant of options under the plan is
discretionary, the persons and groups listed in the following table may receive
additional options under the plan.

                             
OPTION GRANTS TO DATE
               1996 INCENTIVE AND NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION PLAN

                                                                                                           NUMBER OF
                                                                                                          SECURITIES
                                                                                                          UNDERLYING
NAME AND POSITION                                                                                     OPTIONS GRANTED(#)
- -----------------                                                                                     -------------------

Robert N. Goldman...................................................................................       1,400,000
  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
Satish Maripuri.....................................................................................         
761,350
  President and Chief Operating Officer
Lacey P. Brandt.....................................................................................         210,000
  Chief Financial Officer
Brian W. Otis.......................................................................................         495,000
  Senior Vice President, Operations
Daniel E. O'Connor..................................................................................          30,000
  Senior Vice President, Business Development
Ross A. Hinchcliffe.................................................................................         350,000
  Vice President, Worldwide Sales
All current executive officers, as a group..........................................................       
2,821,350
All current directors who are not executive officers, as a group....................................         
112,000
Robert M. Agate, director-nominee...................................................................          25,000
Gerald B. Bay, director-nominee.....................................................................          
43,500
Kevin J. Burns, director-nominee....................................................................          43,500
Justin Perreault....................................................................................         550,000
Kirk Bowman.........................................................................................         500,000
Philip Lee..........................................................................................         300,000
Vittorio Viarengo...................................................................................         140,000
All employees who are not executive officers, as a group............................................       2,395,600

                 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS,
                      MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS OF EXCELON

    The following table provides information regarding the beneficial ownership
of eXcelon's common stock as of June 4, 2001 by:

    - each person known by eXcelon to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of
      its common stock;

    - eXcelon's named executive officers;

    - each director of eXcelon, including directors nominated for re-election;
      and

    - all current executive officers and directors of eXcelon as a group.

    
Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission.
Subject to community property laws, where applicable,
the persons named below have sole voting and investment power with respect to
all shares shown as beneficially owned by them.
The "right to acquire" column
reflects beneficial ownership of:

    - shares subject to options that may be exercised within 60 days after
      June 4, 2001 that eXcelon would not have the right to repurchase; and

    - shares subject to warrants that may be exercised within 60 days after
      June 4, 2001.

    
The percentage beneficially owned by each person is based upon 29,659,560
shares of eXcelon common stock outstanding as of June 4, 2001.
The shares that a
person has the right to acquire are deemed to be outstanding solely for purposes
of calculating that person's percentage ownership.

    
The current directors and executive officers of eXcelon have entered into
irrevocable proxy and voting agreements with C-bridge, which authorize C-bridge
to vote their shares in favor of approval of the merger, the adjournment
proposal and any actions recommended by eXcelon's board of directors that are
required to accomplish the merger and related transactions.

    
C-bridge has nominated Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr., Joseph M. Bellini, Jeffrey
Horing and Raymond J. Lane for election as directors of eXcelon.
None of these
individuals beneficially owns any shares of eXcelon common stock.
For
information about their beneficial ownership of C-bridge common stock, see
"Security Ownership of Principal Stockholders, Management and Directors of
C-bridge.
"

    Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each person listed in the table
is c/o eXcelon Corporation, 25 Mall Road, Burlington, Massachusetts 01803.

                                                   NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED        PERCENTAGE
                                                ------------------------------------------   BENEFICIALLY
NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                        OUTSTANDING   RIGHT TO ACQUIRE     TOTAL        OWNED
- ------------------------                        -----------   ----------------   ---------   
------------

Robert N. Goldman.............................   1,100,000          839,063      1,939,063        6.5%
Palo Alto Investors...........................   1,700,000               --      1,700,000        5.7%
  470 University Ave.
  
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Brian W. Otis.................................       2,705          597,833        600,538        2.0%
Ross A. Hinchcliffe...........................       1,384          448,125        449,509        1.5%
Satish Maripuri...............................       4,250          344,975        349,225        1.2%
Gerald B. Bay.................................     228,394           35,167        263,561          *
Daniel E. O'Connor............................          --               --             --          *
Kevin J. Burns................................          --           35,167         35,167          *
Robert M. Agate...............................       2,100           16,667         18,767          *
All directors and executive officers as a
  group (7 persons)...........................   1,356,599        1,566,664      2,923,263        9.9%

- ------------------------

*   Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%.

                     
DESCRIPTION OF EXCELON'S CAPITAL STOCK

    eXcelon is authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock and
5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock.
The following is a summary
description of eXcelon's capital stock.


eXCELON COMMON STOCK

    Holders of eXcelon common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all
matters to be voted upon by the eXcelon stockholders.
Holders of eXcelon common
stock are entitled to receive their proportionate share of dividends, if any,
declared from time to time by the eXcelon board of directors out of funds
legally available for that purpose, after taking into consideration the dividend
rights of any eXcelon preferred stock then outstanding.
In the event of
eXcelon's liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of eXcelon common
stock are entitled to their proportionate share of all assets remaining after
payment of liabilities, after taking into consideration the prior distribution
rights of any eXcelon preferred stock then outstanding.
The eXcelon common stock
has no cumulative voting, preemptive, redemption or conversion rights or other
subscription rights.
No redemption or sinking fund provisions apply to the
eXcelon common stock.
All outstanding shares of eXcelon common stock are fully
paid and nonassessable, and the shares of eXcelon common stock to be issued in
connection with the merger will be fully paid and nonassessable upon the
completion of the merger.


eXCELON PREFERRED STOCK

    The eXcelon board of directors is authorized, without stockholder approval,
to issue from time to time up to 5,000,000 shares of eXcelon preferred stock in
one or more series.
Each series will have whatever rights and preferences the
board may specify.
These rights and preferences may include voting rights,
dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation
preferences.
The board of directors may increase or decrease the number of
shares of any series without stockholder approval, but not above the total
number of authorized shares of eXcelon preferred stock or below the number of
outstanding shares of that series.
The rights of the holders of eXcelon common
stock may be adversely affected by the rights of holders of any eXcelon
preferred stock that eXcelon may issue in the future.
The issuance of eXcelon
preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection

with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect
of making it more difficult for others to acquire, or of discouraging others
from attempting to acquire, a majority of eXcelon's outstanding voting stock.

eXcelon has no current plans to issue any shares of preferred stock.


DELAWARE LAW AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF eXCELON'S CHARTER AND BY-LAWS

    Provisions of Delaware law and eXcelon's certificate of incorporation and
by-laws could make it more difficult to acquire eXcelon by means of a tender
offer, a proxy contest, open market purchases, removal of incumbent directors
and otherwise.
These provisions, summarized below, are intended to discourage
types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to
encourage persons seeking to acquire control of eXcelon to first negotiate with
eXcelon's management.
eXcelon believes that the benefits of increased protection
of its potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or
unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure eXcelon outweigh the
disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because
negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms.

    
eXcelon must comply with Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, an anti-takeover law.
In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held
Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested
stockholder for a period of three years after the date the person became an
interested stockholder, unless the business combination or the transaction in
which the person became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed
manner.
Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock
sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to an interested
stockholder.
An interested stockholder includes a person who, together with
affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years before the
determination of the person's status as an interested stockholder, 15% or more
of the corporation's voting stock.
The existence of this provision generally
will have an anti-takeover effect for transactions not approved in advance by
the board of directors, including discouraging attempts that might result in a
premium over the market price for shares of eXcelon common stock held by
stockholders.
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law will not apply
to the merger because the merger has been approved by the board of directors of
eXcelon.

    
eXcelon's certificate of incorporation and by-laws require that any action
required or permitted to be taken by its stockholders must be effected at a duly
called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by a
consent in writing.
In addition, special meetings of eXcelon's stockholders may
be called only by the board of directors or eXcelon's President.
Under eXcelon's
by-laws, in order for any stockholder proposal to be properly brought before a
meeting, the stockholder must comply with specified advance notice requirements.

These provisions may discourage another person or entity from making a tender
offer for eXcelon's stock because that person or entity, even if it acquired a
majority of eXcelon's outstanding voting securities, would be able to take
action as a stockholder, such as electing new directors or approving a merger,
only at a duly called stockholder meeting.
eXcelon's certificate of
incorporation and by-laws also provide that its board of directors will be
divided into three classes, with each class serving staggered, three-year terms.

These provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying
changes in control or management of eXcelon.

    
In general, the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is
required to amend a corporation's certificate of incorporation or by-laws,
unless a corporation's certificate of incorporation or by-laws, as the case may
be, requires a greater percentage.