URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1092917/000089161801500594/0000891618-01-500594.txt

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     In June 2000, E-Stamp engaged Credit Suisse First Boston to assist E-Stamp
in exploring potential strategic transactions.

     
From June 2000 through March 2001, E-Stamp's executives and financial
advisors explored various financing alternatives and discussed potential
business combinations with numerous parties.
During this period, E-Stamp's board
of directors met on fifteen occasions to review and discuss these potential
transactions.


In October 2000, Learn2 engaged M. Kane & Company, Inc. and Dresdner Kleinwort
Wasserstein as its financial advisors.
Learn2 authorized MK & Co. to explore and
evaluate strategic alternatives and extraordinary transactions and DKW to
explore and evaluate potential sources of equity financings.

     
Following these engagements, representatives of CSFB, MK & Co. and DKW
contacted representatives of numerous parties that they believed might be
interested in pursuing a transaction with their respective clients.
During this
time, Learn2 and E-Stamp became aware of each other.

     
On February 8, 2001, Donald Schupak, Chairman of the Board of Learn2,
contacted Robert H. Ewald, President and Chief Executive Officer of E-Stamp, to
suggest that they consider a business combination involving E-Stamp and Learn2.

Mr. Schupak proposed that the combination be accomplished through a
stock-for-stock merger or an investment by E-Stamp.

     
On February 13, 2001, Messrs. Schupak, Ewald and Stephen P. Gott, President
and Chief Executive Officer of Learn2, had another conversation to discuss these
matters further and the growth strategies of Learn2 in the e-learning corporate
marketplace.

     
During the week of February 19, 2001, the companies began consulting with
their financial and legal advisors about issues raised in the discussions among
their executives.
E-Stamp retained Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, PC as its
legal counsel and Learn2 retained Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman, LLP as its
legal counsel.
Working with their financial and legal advisors, E-Stamp and
Learn2 began conducting their due diligence investigations using publicly
available materials and began analyses of a possible combination.
These
consultations continued throughout the remaining merger discussions.

     
In addition to a business combination, Learn2 also contacted several
parties in connection with a possible equity financing and the possible sale of
certain of its assets.
As a result of this process, Learn2 commenced discussions
with certain investors to discuss an equity investment in Learn2.
Over the next
several weeks, Learn2 negotiated the terms of an equity financing but no
transaction was ever consummated.

     
On February 21, 2001, Mr. Ewald delivered to Mr. Schupak an informal
analysis of the terms of a potential business combination.
Messrs. Ewald and
Schupak continued their discussion about a possible business combination,
elaborating on the benefits of the merger and the structure and implementation
of the merger.

     
On February 27, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 discussed the
proposed merger, strategic rationale for a merger, the appropriate exchange
ratio and the governance and management structure of the resulting entity.

     
On March 5, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 continued to discuss the
proposed business combination with E-Stamp.
Mr. Schupak presented an update
regarding the status of negotiations with

E-Stamp.
The board of directors authorized Learn2's management to continue its
discussions with E-Stamp.

     
On March 6, 2001, Mr. Schupak had a conversation with Robert J. Cresci, a
director of E-Stamp, concerning the rationale for the merger, the appropriate
exchange ratio and the governance and management structure of the resulting
entity.
The discussions remained at a general level, and no agreement regarding
the specific terms of a possible merger was reached.
Over the next month,
Messrs. Cresci and Schupak had periodic telephone conversations to discuss the
proposed combination.

     
On March 7, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 continued to discuss the
proposed business combination with E-Stamp and principal terms of a transaction.

     
On March 8, 2001, Mr. Schupak presented to Mr. Ewald a non-binding proposal
outlining the terms for a possible business combination between E-Stamp and
Learn2.
The terms of the proposal included the issuance of Learn2 common stock
to the holders of E-Stamp common stock.
During that meeting, there were again
discussions, but no agreement, about an appropriate exchange ratio.

     From March 8, 2001 to March 14, 2001, Mr. Ewald and Edward F. Malysz, Vice
President, General Counsel and Acting Chief Financial Officer of E-Stamp,
participated in discussions with representatives of CSFB and WSGR regarding the
Learn2 proposal.

     
On March 13, 2001 Mr. Malysz presented Mr. Schupak with a proposed
structure of the transaction in which Learn2 would merge into E-Stamp.

     
On March 14, 2001, representatives of CSFB, E-Stamp, DKW, Learn2, WSGR and
SBSF participated in a telephone conference to discuss the alternative
structures for a transaction and the exchange ratio.
The meeting concluded with
no definitive agreement on terms of a possible business combination.

     
From March 14, 2001 to March 21, 2001, representatives of CSFB, E-Stamp,
DKW and Learn2 participated in additional conversations regarding a potential
transaction.

     
On March 19, 2001, E-Stamp executed a non-disclosure agreement with Learn2.

     
On March 20, 2001, Mr. Malysz presented to Mr. Schupak a non-binding
proposal outlining revised terms for a possible business combination between
E-Stamp and Learn2.
Terms of that proposal included: a proposed merger in which
E-Stamp would be the surviving corporation; an exchange ratio in which Learn2
stockholders would receive approximately 49.9% of the stock in the combined
company; E-Stamp's designation of a majority of the members of the board of
directors of the combined company; and a convertible loan from E-Stamp to
Learn2.

     
On March 21, 2001, Michael M. Arons, Vice President and Controller of
Learn2, met with Mr. Malysz at E-Stamp's offices to engage in financial due
diligence on E-Stamp.

     
On March 21, 2001, there was a special telephonic meeting of the board of
directors of E-Stamp, which included a discussion of a potential strategic
transaction or business combination with Learn2.

     
From March 21, 2001 to March 22, 2001, E-Stamp, Learn2 and their financial
and legal advisors engaged in discussions regarding the March 20th E-Stamp
proposal, and the parties continued to negotiate the terms, valuation and
structure of a potential business combination.

     
On March 22, 2001, Mr. Ewald and Roderick Witmond, then Vice President,
Business Development, of E-Stamp met at Learn2's offices in White Plains, New
York with Messrs. Schupak, Gott and Arons and with Marc E. Landy, Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Learn2, and Kevin Riley,
President, Learning Services Division of Learn2.
At this meeting, Messrs. Ewald
and Witmond continued their diligence investigation on Learn2's business.
On
that same day, representatives of E-Stamp also visited Learn2's facilities in
Pryor, Oklahoma and Golden, Colorado.

     
On March 22, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 discussed the March
20th E-Stamp proposal.
Learn2's legal counsel advised the board of directors of
its fiduciary obligations in considering a possible

transaction with E-Stamp, and reviewed with the Learn2 board the terms of the
proposed merger and the status of negotiations on those terms.
The board of
Learn2 asked questions of Learn2's legal counsel, and a discussion ensued
regarding open issues and strategic alternatives.

     
During the evening of March 22, 2001, the parties agreed upon a revised
non-binding proposal to form the basis for the drafting of definitive
transaction documents.
Terms of that revised proposal included that the
convertible loan from E-Stamp to Learn2 would be in the amount of $2 million and
that Learn2's obligation to close the merger would be contingent upon E-Stamp
having at least $13 million in available cash at the closing of the proposed
merger.
The remaining terms and conditions of the revised proposal were
substantially the same as the March 20th E-Stamp proposal.
Legal counsel for
both parties began to prepare and negotiate the definitive agreements for the
transaction.

     
On March 23, 2001, Mr. Schupak accompanied Mr. Ewald and representatives of
WSGR to a hearing regarding continued listing of E-Stamp common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market before the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel.
At the
hearing, Mr. Ewald and Mr. Schupak responded to various questions from the
members of the panel regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed merger.

     
On March 23, 2001, WSGR and SBSF exchanged legal due diligence request
lists concerning Learn2 and E-Stamp.
From March 23, 2001 to March 26, 2001,
representatives of WSGR and SBSF conducted legal due diligence on Learn2 and
E-Stamp.
During this time period, E-Stamp and CSFB met with representatives of
Learn2 and its financial advisor to conduct further business and financial
diligence on Learn2.

     
From March 23, 2001 to March 29, 2001, E-Stamp's and Learn2's executive
officers, legal counsel and other representatives held further discussions to
negotiate the terms of the proposed merger agreement and related documents,
including valuation, the terms of the loan from E-Stamp to Learn2, the terms of
the proposed voting agreements between to be entered into by certain directors
and executive officers of E-Stamp and Learn2, the termination rights contained
in the proposed merger agreement, the conditions upon which any termination fees
would be payable and the amount of such fees, E-Stamp's and Learn2's respective
rights under the proposed merger agreement to consider and negotiate other
acquisition proposals in certain circumstances, and the representations,
warranties and covenants to be made by E-Stamp and Learn2.
During this period,
E-Stamp's and Learn2's financial advisors had further discussions regarding
valuation issues, and representatives of E-Stamp and its legal advisors
conducted further due diligence on Learn2's business, prospects, strategy and
financial condition.

     
On March 25, 2001, there was a special telephonic meeting of the board of
directors of E-Stamp, which included a discussion of the proposed merger
agreement and related transactions.
WSGR discussed the terms of the proposed
merger agreement and related transactions, including the termination rights
contained in the proposed merger agreement, the conditions upon which any
termination fees would be payable and the amount of such fees, and E-Stamp's and
Learn2's respective rights under the proposed merger agreement to consider and
negotiate other acquisition proposals in certain circumstances, and responded to
various questions raised by members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding
the proposed merger agreement and related transactions.
Mr. Malysz reviewed with
the E-Stamp board of directors an executive summary of the terms of the proposed
merger agreement and related transaction, and responded to various questions
raised by members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding the terms of the
proposed merger agreement and related transaction.
CSFB discussed its diligence
on Learn2, and responded to various questions from the E-Stamp board of
directors regarding its diligence on Learn2.

     
On March 26, 2001, there was a special telephonic meeting of the board of
directors E-Stamp, which included a discussion of the merger agreement and
related transactions.
CSFB made a presentation to the E-Stamp board of directors
regarding the proposed merger, and responded to various questions raised by
members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding its presentation.
After
considering the terms of the proposed transaction, the E-Stamp board of
directors determined that its advisors conduct further diligence on Learn2 and
that Learn2's management be invited to meet with the E-Stamp board of directors.

     
On March 28, 2001, E-Stamp engaged Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin to render
an opinion to E-Stamp regarding the fairness of the proposed merger from a
financial point of view to E-Stamp stockholders.

     
On March 29, 2001, there was a special meeting of the board of directors of
E-Stamp, which included a presentation by Messrs. Gott and Riley, regarding
Learn2's business, strategy and financial condition.
CSFB discussed its
financial due diligence on Learn2, and responded to various questions raised by
members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding its diligence on Learn2.
HLHZ
discussed its analysis of the merger, and responded to various questions raised
by members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding its analyses.
WSGR
discussed its legal due diligence on E-Stamp, and responded to various questions
raised by members of E-Stamp's board of directors regarding its diligence on
Learn2.
The board of directors discussed the terms of the proposed merger
agreement, the convertible promissory note and related documents and a
representative from WSGR responded to questions regarding such documents from
the E-Stamp board of directors.
After considering the terms of the proposed
transaction, the E-Stamp board of directors determined that further negotiations
regarding the termination of the outstanding Learn2 debenture and a reduction in
the amount payable to the debenture holder at closing were appropriate.

     
From March 29, 2001 to April 9, 2001, the parties continued to negotiate
the terms, valuation and structure of a potential merger, including the terms on
which Learn2's outstanding debenture would be retired.
Legal counsel for both
parties continued to prepare and negotiate the definitive agreements for the
transaction.

     
On April 9, 2001, there was a special meeting of the board of directors of
E-Stamp which included a discussion of the merger agreement and related
transactions.
WSGR discussed its further legal due diligence on Learn2, and
responded to various questions raised by members of E-Stamp's board of directors
regarding its legal diligence on Learn2.
HLHZ made a presentation to the E-Stamp
board of directors regarding the proposed merger, discussed its analyses of the
merger and responded to various questions raised by members of E-Stamp's board
of directors regarding its analyses.
The E-Stamp board of directors discussed
the merger agreement and related documents and a representative from WSGR
responded to questions regarding such documents from the E-Stamp board of
directors.
After considering the terms of the proposed transaction, the E-Stamp
board of directors determined that the proposed merger was advisable and in the
best interests of E-Stamp and its stockholders.
The E-Stamp board of directors
then approved the merger agreement and the exhibits thereto, and the merger.

     
From April 9, 2001 to April 19, 2001, the parties continued to negotiate
the terms of the redemption of Learn2's outstanding debenture and related
transactions.

     
On April 10, 2001, the board of directors of Learn2 had a meeting to
consider the proposed transaction.
At this meeting, Mr. Schupak and other
members of management reviewed the transaction with the board, including the
strategic reasons for the proposed transaction, the principal terms of the
proposed transaction, a financial review of the proposed transaction, a review
of E-Stamp's financial condition and the results of Learn2's due diligence
review.
SBSF discussed the board's fiduciary duties in considering the strategic
business combination and further discussed the terms of the merger agreement and
related documents.
The Learn2 board of directors reviewed a draft of the merger
agreement and related documents and a representative of SBSF responded to
questions regarding such documents from the Learn2 board of directors.

Representatives of MK&Co presented to Learn2's board of directors a summary of
its financial analyses related to proposed transaction.
In addition, MK&Co.
delivered its opinion that the proposed transaction was fair, from a financial
point of view, to holders of Learn2's common stock (other than Learn2's
management, the holder of Learn2's convertible debenture and their affiliates,
as to which MK & Co. expressed no opinion).
Upon completing its deliberations,
the board of directors of Learn2 unanimously approved the merger agreement and
the related agreements and transactions contemplated by those agreements,
declared them advisable and resolved to recommend that Learn2's stockholders
adopt the merger agreement.

     
During the afternoon and evening of April 19, 2001, following approval of
the merger agreement and related matters by the E-Stamp board of directors and
the Learn2 board of directors, E-Stamp and Learn2 finalized, executed and
delivered the merger agreement and related documents.

     
E-Stamp and Learn2 issued a joint press release announcing the execution of
the merger agreement and the terms of the merger on the morning of April 20,
2001.


LEARN2'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; BOARD RECOMMENDATION

     At its meeting on April 10, 2001, Learn2's board of directors unanimously:

     - determined that the merger agreement and the merger are advisable, and in
       the best interests of, Learn2 and its stockholders;

     - directed that the merger proposal be submitted for consideration by the
       Learn2 stockholders; and

     - recommend that the Learn2 stockholders vote FOR the merger proposal.

     
In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and
the merger, Learn2's board of directors consulted with Learn2's management, as
well as its outside legal counsel and its legal advisors, and considered the
following material factors:

     - the financial and other terms of the merger and the merger agreement;

     - the financial presentation of MK&Co., including its opinion that the
       merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Learn2
       stockholders (other than Learn2's management, the holder of Learn2's
       convertible debenture and their affiliates, as to which MK&Co. expressed
       no opinion);

     - that the transaction with E-Stamp provided greater value to Learn2
       stockholders than other alternatives;

     - the additional working capital available for growth;

     - the ability of the combined company to retire its debt;

     - the views of senior management at the time that, in light of the
       preceding factor and Learn2's declining stock price, it was unlikely that
       any party would propose a business combination that would be more
       favorable to Learn2 and its stockholders;

     - possible alternatives to the merger including continuing to operate
       Learn2 as an independent entity;

     - the belief that the terms and conditions of the merger agreement,
       including the parties' representations, warranties and covenants, and the
       conditions to their respective obligations, are reasonable;

     - the ability to complete the merger as a tax-free reorganization for U.S.
       federal income tax purposes;

     - current financial market conditions and trading information with respect
       to E-Stamp and Learn2 common stock;

     - the risk of diverting management resources from other strategic
       opportunities and operational matters for an extended period of time;

     - the possibility that the merger might not be completed, and the fact that
       under some circumstances E-Stamp might be required to pay a termination
       fee to Learn2;

     - the substantial costs to be incurred in connection with the merger;

     - the interests of certain directors and executive officers of Learn2 in
       the merger as described in "Interests of Learn2 and Officers and
       Directors in the Merger" on page 51; and

     - the terms and conditions of the E-Stamp voting agreement that require
       directors, executive officers and certain affiliates to vote their shares
       of common stock in favor of the merger.

     
In view of the wide variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these matters, the Learn2 board
did not find it useful to and did not attempt to quantify, rank or otherwise
assign relative weights to these factors.
The Learn2 board relied on the
experience and expertise of MK&Co., its financial advisor, for quantitative
analysis of the financial terms of the merger.
See "Opinion of Learn2 Financial
Advisor."
In addition, the Learn2 board did not undertake to make any specific
determination as to whether any particular factor, or any aspect of any
particular factor, was favorable or unfavorable to the Learn2 board's ultimate
determination, but rather the Learn2 board conducted an overall analysis of the
factors described above, including thorough discussions with and questioning of
Learn2 management and legal and financial advisors.
In considering the factors
described above, individual members of the Learn2 board may have given different
weight to different factors.

     
The Learn2 board considered all these factors as a whole, and overall
considered the factors to be favorable to and support its determination.


OPINION OF LEARN2 FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
The
following is a brief summary and general description of the valuation
methodologies utilized by M. Kane & Company, Inc. or MK&Co.
This summary does
not purport to be a complete statement of the analyses and procedures applied,
the judgments made or the conclusion reached by MK&Co. or a complete description
of its presentation.
MK&Co. believes, and so advised the board of directors of
Learn2, that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and of the factors it considered, without considering
all factors and analyses, could create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its analyses and opinions.

     
Learn2 retained MK&Co.
to render an opinion to be addressed to the board of
directors of Learn2, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
merger to the public stockholders of Learn2 (other than management of Learn2,
the holder of Learn2's convertible debenture, and their affiliates as to which
MK&Co. expresses no opinion) from a financial point of view (without giving
effect to any other benefits that may inure to any particular stockholder as a
result of the proposed transaction other than in its capacity as a stockholder).

At the April 10, 2001 meeting of the board of directors, MK&Co. presented its
analyses as hereinafter described and delivered its written opinion that as of
such date and based on the matters described therein, the consideration to be
received by the stockholders of Learn2 in connection with the merger is fair to
the public shareholders of Learn2 (other than management of Learn2, the holder
of Learn2's convertible debenture, and their affiliates as to which MK&Co.
expresses no opinion) from a financial point of view (without giving effect to
any other benefits that may inure to any particular shareholder as a result of
the proposed transaction other than in its capacity as a stockholder).

     
THE COMPLETE TEXT OF MK&CO.
'S OPINION IS ATTACHED HERETO AS ANNEX V. THE
SUMMARY OF THE OPINION SET FORTH BELOW IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE
TO SUCH OPINION.
THE LEARN2 STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ SUCH OPINION
CAREFULLY IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, THE
FACTORS CONSIDERED AND THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE BY MK&CO.

     
MK&Co.'s opinion to the board of directors addresses only the fairness from
a financial point of view, of the merger to certain stockholders of Learn2, and
does not constitute a recommendation to the stockholders as to how such
stockholders should vote at the special meeting.
MK&Co.'s opinion does not
address Learn2's underlying business decision to effect the merger.

     
In connection with the preparation of its opinion, MK&Co. made such
reviews, analyses and inquiries as it deemed necessary and appropriate under the
circumstances.
Among other things, MK&Co.:

     1. Reviewed and considered recent historical financial and business
        information, including results of operations and cash flow of Learn2,
        and certain other financial information, contained in documentation
        provided to it by Learn2;

     2.
Held discussions with members of the management of Learn2 regarding the
        past and current business operations and financial condition and future
        prospects of Learn2;

     3.
Reviewed forecasts supplied to MK&Co. by Learn2 with respect to internal
        projected financial and operating results, including earnings and cash
        flow of Learn2;

     4.
Reviewed pro forma operating and cash flow statements and balance sheets
        of Learn2 supplied to MK&Co. by Learn2, assuming consummation of the
        merger;

     5.
Reviewed publicly available financial and market data for certain public
        companies engaged in business similar to Learn2;

     
6. Reviewed publicly available financial information relating to recent
        acquisitions involving companies comparable to Learn2;

     7.
Reviewed the historical stock market prices and trading volumes of the
        outstanding common stock of Learn2; and

     8.
Reviewed the principal financial terms of the implementing documentation
        provided to MK&Co.
with respect to the merger.

Assumptions and Limitations

     In rendering its opinion, MK&Co. relied upon, without independent
verification or investigation, the accuracy and completeness of the information
available from public sources or provided to MK&Co.
by Learn2 and its
representatives.
With respect to the internal forecasts regarding the future
financial and operating results of Learn2 and the pro forma information provided
to MK&Co., MK&Co. assumed, without independent verification or investigation,
that such forecasts and pro forma information were prepared on bases reflecting
the best currently available information, estimates and judgments of the
management of Learn2 and that the assumptions underlying the forecasts and pro
forma information were reasonable.
MK&Co. did not make or obtain any independent
evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Learn2.
MK&Co. relied,
without independent verification or investigation, on the financial statements
of Learn2 provided by its management.
MK&Co.'s opinion was based upon its
assessment of general economic, financial and market conditions as they existed
and could be evaluated by MK&Co.
as of the date of its letter.

     
In rendering its opinion, MK&Co. also assumed that the economic and
financial climate, characterized in part by the unfavorable equity capital
market conditions for companies with the recent financial operating performance
similar to Learn2, will generally continue, at least through the period
necessary to consummate the proposed transaction.

     
In rendering its opinion, MK&Co. also relied upon the fact that Learn2 was
advised by counsel as to all legal matters with respect to the proposed
transaction, including whether all procedures required by law to be taken in
connection with the proposed transaction, in fact, have been duly, validly and
timely taken.
MK&Co. did not make any representation or render any opinion as to
any legal matter.

     
Learn2 specifically informed MK&Co.
that it reviewed and approved its
assumptions and that it understood that, to the extent that any of the
assumptions or any of the facts on which MK&Co.'s opinion was based proves to be
untrue in any material respect, MK&Co.'s opinion cannot and should not be relied
upon.


Analysis of Historical Performance

     MK&Co. analyzed Learn2's historical financial performance through the
reporting period ended December 31, 2000.
Learn2 has been unable to generate
pretax profit since inception.
Among other things, MK&Co. noted that, for fiscal
year 2000, Learn2's earnings before depreciation, amortization, interest expense
and income taxes, extraordinary gain and restructuring charges or EBITDA was a
negative $13.3 million; and net loss was $38 million.


Stock Trading History

     MK&Co. examined the history of the trading prices and volume of Learn2's
common stock.
The closing price of Learn2's common stock was $0.23 per share on
April 6, 2001, and the average closing price of Learn2's common stock in the ten
trading days ending April 6, 2001 was $0.21.

Comparable Company Analysis

     MK&Co. reviewed selected consolidated financial information, through the
reporting period ended December 31, 2000 (the most recent information publicly
available at the time), of certain other companies in lines of businesses it
believed to be comparable to the business of Learn2.
Two groups of comparable
companies were selected for the analysis.
The first group did not evidence
significant capital sufficiency or liquidity risk in their public filings and
the second group did.
The first group of companies which included: Centra
Software, Inc., Docent, Inc., DigitalThink, Inc., eCollege, Inc., Saba Software,
Inc., SmartForce plc, and Skillsoft Corporation and had an adjusted average
multiple of approximately 9.59X the revenue of the trailing twelve month period
or TTM.
The second group of companies included in the analysis were:
Click2Learn, Caliber Learning, Inc., Gilat Communications, Ltd.,
Instructivision, Inc., CollegeLink.com, Inc., and Whitman Education Group and
had an adjusted average multiple of approximately 0.46X the revenue of the TTM.

MK&Co.
analyzed, among other things, stock trading data and various financial
operating ratios.
An analysis of the selected companies is not mathematical;
rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences
in financial and operating characteristics of the companies available for
comparison.

     
The public market value of Learn2 at the time of the analysis was
approximately 0.55 times adjusted average TTM revenue, reflecting, in part,
investors' assessments about Learn2's financial performance and capital
sufficiency and liquidity risk.
In contrast, by completing the transaction,
Learn2 could mitigate its capital sufficiency and liquidity risk, making it more
comparable to the first group of e-learning companies.
As a result, the value to
Learn2 shareholders in the context of the proposed transaction could be computed
as approximately $34.8 million utilizing the same mode of analysis but the
higher multiple of approximately 9.6X. The computed value to Learn2 stockholders
takes account of both the redemption and termination of that certain $10 million
convertible debenture and the issuance of approximately 33.34% of Learn2's
outstanding common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the merger.

     
MK&Co. noted that the utility of this analysis was limited.
As a result of
the Company's financial performance, only historical revenues provided a
reliable positive parameter, from among those customarily used, from which to
derive an equity value comparison.
(Forward-looking parameters were
problematical because they would all necessarily assume that immediate and
sustainable external financing was available on acceptable terms, an assumption
which had no firm basis in fact.)
MK&Co. cautioned that conclusions premised on
excessive reliance on only one of many possible financial parameters (e.g.,
EBITDA, EBIT, net income, tangible book value) could not be regarded with a high
degree of reliability in any case.


Analysis of Selected Transactions

     MK&Co. reviewed four merger and acquisition transactions for which adequate
price and other information was publicly available.
These transactions took
place at various times within the last three calendar years and involved
Internet software and e-business companies with working capital deficiencies and
negative operating cash flow.
MK&Co. concluded that there were no substantially
identical financial transactions in the e-learning industry involving a target
with the mix of market capitalization and financial performance characteristics
similar to those found at Learn2.
The four selected transactions are the
respective acquisitions of:

          (i.) Circle.com by Havas Advertising;

          (ii.)
CCRL LLC by Launch Media Inc.;

          (iii.)
Resumix, Inc. by HotJobs.com Ltd; and

          (iv.)
Trent Graphics, Inc. by Network Event Theater, Inc.

     With respect to the foregoing transactions, MK&Co.
analyzed purchase prices
in relation to various financial operating ratios.
Like the analysis of the
selected comparable companies, an analysis of selected transactions is not
mathematical; rather, it also involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the
companies and transactions available for comparison and the nature of the
financial market environment contemporaneous with the transaction.

     
MK&Co. noted that the utility of this analysis was limited.
As a result of
Learn2's financial performance, only historical revenues provided a reliable
parameter, from among those customarily used, from which to derive an equity
value comparison.

     
The targets of the financial transactions selected share the following
characteristics with Learn2: (i) the targets had relatively low cash balances;
(ii) the targets had working capital deficiencies; (iii) the targets had
negative EBITDA; and (iv) the targets incurred net losses.
The average of equity
value paid to the TTM revenue multiple is 1.07X. MK&Co.
then applied a 48.8
percent discount to the TTM, to adjust for the dimunition in the Nasdaq
composite index during the six-month period ending on April 6, 2001, the period
during which Learn2 was investigating alternatives and structured the proposed
merger.
Indexing the results of the comparable transaction analysis to the
diminution in value of publicly-traded, Nasdaq-listed companies, as represented
by the Nasdaq composite index, yields an implied value of Learn2 of
approximately $12.0 million.


Projected Financial Statements

     MK&Co. reviewed certain internal projected financial forecasts prepared by
Learn2's management for the 2001 through 2003 fiscal years and noted that, among
other things, Learn2's capital sufficiency and liquidity risk was dependent on
Learn2's management's assumption that Learn2 would collect its accounts
receivable projected in its internal financial forecast in a timely fashion.


Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

     To conduct a discounted cash flow analysis, MK&Co. reviewed the internal
projected financial forecasts for Learn2, on a stand-alone basis, as prepared by
Learn2's management, for the 2001 through 2003 fiscal years.
MK&Co. projected,
based on assumptions it believed to be reasonable, an additional two years to
provide projected data through 2005.
The forecasts assume that Learn2 will have
sufficient cash to fund operations; but also takes account of the attendant risk
by applying a discount rate derived from analysis of the rates of return under
contemporaneous capital market conditions required by investors purchasing the
securities of companies with comparable capital sufficiency and liquidity risk.

Based on Learn2's projections, free cash flow (EBITDA less changes in working
capital, less capital expenditure) discounted by an internal rate of return
required by investors purchasing recently issued securities of a company in
comparable financial condition, the present value of the common equity of Learn2
was calculated to be approximately $15.5 million.

     
In contrast, the value to Learn2 shareholders in the context of the
proposed transaction, utilizing the same mode of analysis, would be
approximately $110 million.
The difference is attributable to the fact that with
access to capital, it will be possible to invest sooner in the expansion of
Learn2's business.
Moreover, with the mitigation of capital sufficiency and
liquidity risk, the applicable discount rate is derived from the weighted
average cost of capital for the financially healthier, publicly traded
comparable e-learning companies.


Liquidation Analysis

     MK&Co. also prepared, from information provided by Learn2, a liquidation
analysis based on estimates of current assets, net property, plant and
equipment, and net other assets.
After deducting certain fees, an estimated
$10.5 million would remain to satisfy creditors.
The material assumptions upon
which

the liquidation analysis was based are as follows: (i) accuracy and completeness
of the information reviewed, without independent verification; (ii) affirmation
by Learn2 and review by Learn2 of the treatment, reasonableness and feasibility
of prospective dispositions of assets and liabilities included in the analysis;
and (iii) estimation and affirmation by Learn2 of collection, legal and
administrative fees incident to liquidation.
With respect to estimated
liabilities, in consultation with Learn2, MK&Co. assumed that the convertible
debenture would be paid in full; and therefore unsecured creditors would receive
residual proceeds.
If such a scenario were to materialize, the stockholders of
Learn2 would be unlikely to realize any value.


Fairness of the Proposed Transaction Consideration

     MK&Co. believes the merger is fair to Learn2's stockholders (other than
management of Learn2, the holder of Learn2's convertible debenture, and their
affiliates as to which MK&Co. expresses no opinion) from a financial point of
view (without giving effect to any other benefits that may inure to any
particular stockholder as a result of the merger other than in its capacity as a
stockholder) based on a number of factors, including the ones listed below.

MK&Co. did not assign a particular weight to any one of the factors described
below, although MK&Co. viewed as particularly significant Learn2's capital
resources and liquidity risk.

          
1.
Loss of Value in the Event of Insolvency and Liquidation.
MK&Co.
     believed that the proposed merger is fair because, among other things,
     Learn2's stockholders are unlikely to realize any value for Learn2's common
     stock if Learn2 must liquidate.

          
2.
Negotiation of the Proposed Transaction.
The terms of the proposed
     merger were determined through arms-length negotiations between Learn2 and
     E-Stamp.

          
3.
Potential Substantial Dilution of Equity.
If the proposed merger is
     not consummated or the merger agreement is terminated and Learn2 fails to
     meet its internal projected forecasts, Learn2 then in certain circumstances
     would have to raise capital via other means.
Based on equity capital market
     conditions existing contemporaneously with the proposed merger, Learn2
     would have difficulty raising equity on terms favorable to Learn2.


Fees and Expenses

     Pursuant to an agreement dated October 31, 2000 and subsequently amended as
of March 21, 2001, in exchange for MK&Co.'s investment banking services related
to the proposed transaction, including its fairness opinion, Learn2 has agreed
to pay MK&Co.
a fee equal, as of the date of its opinion, to $200,000 plus
$15,000 per month thereafter until consummation of the merger, or (if greater)
2.0625% of the merger consideration.
Learn2 has further agreed to pay to MK&Co.

its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify MK&Co. against certain
liabilities and expenses in connection with the rendering of its services.


E-STAMP'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; BOARD RECOMMENDATION

     On April 9, 2001, the E-Stamp Board of Directors voted unanimously to
approve the merger agreement and the terms of the merger.
The board also:

     - determined that the merger agreement and the merger were advisable, and
       in the best interests of, E-Stamp and its stockholders;

     - directed that the merger proposal be submitted for consideration by the
       E-Stamp stockholders; and

     - recommended that the E-Stamp stockholders vote FOR the merger proposal.

     
In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and
the merger, E-Stamp's board of directors consulted with E-Stamp's senior
management, as well as its outside legal counsel and its financial advisors.
The
E-Stamp board also considered the following material factors:

     - historical information concerning Learn2's business, financial
       performance, operations, management and competitive positions, including
       public reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

     - current financial market conditions and trading information with respect
       to E-Stamp and Learn2 common stock;

     - terms of the merger agreement, including E-Stamp's ability to consider a
       superior acquisition proposal and the circumstances under which the
       E-Stamp board may withdraw its recommendation of the merger;

     - the expected treatment of the merger as a tax-free reorganization for
       U.S. federal income tax purposes;

     - the presentation by Houlihan Lokey regarding the financial information,
       valuation analysis and other factors related to the merger;

     - the interests of certain directors and executive officers of E-Stamp in
       the merger as described in "Interests of Learn2 and E-Stamp Officers and
       Directors in the Merger" on page 51;

     - the risk of diverting management resources from other strategic
       opportunities and operational matters for an extended period of time;

     - the possibility that the merger might not be completed, and the fact that
       under some circumstances E-Stamp might be required to pay a termination
       fee to Learn2; and

     - the substantial costs to be incurred in connection with the merger.

     
In analyzing the proposed merger, none of the factors above was viewed by
the E-Stamp board of directors as determinative, and the board did not quantify
or weight any of the factors.
Rather, the board made its determination based
upon the total mix of information available to it.
Moreover, individual members
of the board may have assigned different values to different factors.


OPINION OF E-STAMP FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
The
following is a brief summary and general description of the valuation
methodologies utilized by Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin Financial Advisors.
The
summary does not purport to be a complete statement of the analyses and
procedures applied, the judgments made or the conclusion reached by HLHZ or a
complete description of its presentation.
HLHZ believes, and so advised the
Board of Directors of E-Stamp Corporation, that its analyses must be considered
as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors
considered by it, without considering all factors and analyses, could create an
incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and opinions.

     
E-Stamp retained HLHZ to render an opinion to be addressed to the Board of
Directors of E-Stamp, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
merger and related transactions disclosed to HLHZ to the stockholders of
E-Stamp.
At the April 9, 2001 meeting of the Board of Directors, HLHZ presented
its analysis as hereinafter described and on April 18, 2001 delivered its
written opinion that as of such date and based on the matters described therein,
the consideration to be received by stockholders of E-Stamp in connection with
the merger is fair to them from a financial point of view.

     
THE COMPLETE TEXT OF HLHZ'S OPINION IS ATTACHED HERETO AS ANNEX IV.
THE
SUMMARY OF THE OPINION SET FORTH BELOW IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE
TO SUCH OPINION.
E-STAMP STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ SUCH OPINION CAREFULLY
IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCE-

DURES FOLLOWED, THE FACTORS CONSIDERED AND THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE BY HLHZ.

     
HLHZ's opinion to the Board of Directors addresses only the fairness from a
financial point of view of the merger, and does not constitute a recommendation
to the stockholders as to how such stockholder should vote on the merger.
HLHZ's
opinion does not address E-Stamp's underlying business decision to effect the
merger.
HLHZ has not been requested to, and did not, solicit third party
indications of interest in acquiring all or any part of the E-Stamp.

     
In connection with the preparation of its opinion, HLHZ made such reviews,
analyses and inquiries as they deemed necessary and appropriate under the
circumstances.
Among other things, HLHZ:

          1. reviewed E-Stamp's audited financial statements on Form 10-K for
     the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, which management has indicated
     represented the latest financial statements available at that time;

          2. reviewed E-Stamp's financial projections for the fiscal year ended
     December 31, 2001;

          3. reviewed the E-Stamp Corporation's merger analysis regarding the
     costs of discontinuing its operations;

          4. reviewed the Presentation to the Board of Directors of E-Stamp by
     Credit Suisse First Boston, dated March 26, 2001;

          
5. reviewed Learn2's audited financial statements on Form 10-K for the
     fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 and its unaudited financial statements
     on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2000;

          6.
reviewed Learn2's draft financial statements on its draft Form 10-K
     for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, which management has indicated
     represented the latest financial information available at that time;

          
7. reviewed Learn2's internal projected financial forecasts prepared
     by management of Learn2, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001
     through 2002;

          8.
reviewed copies of the following documents relating to the merger:

             (i) the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among E-Stamp
        Corporation and Learn2.com, Inc. (the "Merger Agreement"), draft dated
        April 17, 2001;

             (ii) draft of the Learn2 Disclosure Letter, distributed on April
        18, 2001;

             (iii) the Agreement by and among Learn2.com, Inc., E-Stamp
        Corporation and RGC International Investors, LDC, draft dated April 11,
        2001, regarding the Convertible Debt;

             (iv) the Convertible Promissory Note by and between E-Stamp and
        Learn2, draft dated April 13, 2001;

             (v) the Option Agreement by and between Learn2.com, Inc. and
        E-Stamp Corporation, draft dated April 17, 2001;

          9.
interviewed certain senior management of E-Stamp and Learn2 to
     discuss the operations, financial condition, future prospects and projected
     performance of E-Stamp and Learn2;

          10. reviewed the historical market prices and trading volume for
     E-Stamp's and Learn2's publicly traded securities;

          11.
reviewed the trading values and financial condition of certain
     public companies deemed comparable to Learn2; and

          12.
conducted such other studies, analyses and inquiries as HLHZ
     deemed appropriate.

     
In assessing the financial fairness of the merger to stockholders of
E-Stamp, HLHZ: (i) analyzed the historical trading prices of E-Stamp common
stock and Learn2 common stock, (ii) independently valued the equity of Learn2
using widely accepted valuation methodologies, and (iii) reviewed the valuation
implications to stockholders of E-Stamp of the merger and various alternatives
to the merger.


Analysis and Valuation of Learn2 Common Stock

     As part of its valuation analysis of the common stock of Learn2, HLHZ
analyzed the float and trading volume for Learn2's common stock.
HLHZ calculated
the public float as a percent of total shares outstanding.
In addition, HLHZ
calculated the ratio of average daily trading volume (over the most recent 90
days) to float and total shares outstanding.
HLHZ then compared Learn2's ratios
to the same ratios for publicly traded companies that HLHZ deemed comparable to
Learn2.
These comparable companies included Digital Think, Inc., Docent, Inc.,
HealthStream, Inc., Plato Learning, Inc., Saba Software, Inc., SkillSoft
Corporation, and SmartForce Plc.
HLHZ noted that Learn2 has a slightly higher
percentage of public float to shares outstanding relative to the comparable
companies, and that Learn2's average daily trading volume as a percentage of
public float was below the mean and median for the comparable companies.

     
On April 6, 2001, the last trading day before HLHZ's April 9th presentation
to the Board of Directors of E-Stamp, Learn2's common stock was trading at $0.23
per share, 92% below its 52 week high of $3.03 per share on July 20, 2000.
The
stock prices of most of the comparable companies experienced similar declines in
trading prices within the prior 52 weeks.

     
HLHZ analyzed Learn2's potential intermediate-term trading price based on
its current trading price as well as by comparing it to the comparable public
companies.
Because a number of the companies, including Learn2, are not
profitable on an operating basis HLHZ measured multiples of revenues, and gross
profit.
HLHZ computed multiples for the latest twelve months ("LTM"), latest
quarter annualized ("LQA"), projected 2001 fiscal year and projected 2002 fiscal
year.

     
HLHZ also analyzed the cash position and cash burn rate of Learn2 and the
comparable companies.
It was observed that many of the companies have relatively
large cash balances compared to their revenues and compared to their other
assets.
To account for this HLHZ calculated multiples on an enterprise value
("EV") basis and a company value ("Company Value") basis.
The Company Value
assumes that the current stock price reflects all of the assets of a company,
including its cash balance.
EV is equal to Company Value less cash, and is an
indication of the value of the operations of a company, excluding its cash.

     
The following table illustrates the Company Value and Enterprise Value of
each of the comparable companies and of Learn2 as of April 6, 2001:

                              STOCK      FULLY      MARKET                                                    TOTAL
                            PRICE PER   DILUTED    VALUE OF     TOTAL    MINORITY    COMPANY       BOOK     ENTERPRISE
         COMPANY              SHARE     SHARES      EQUITY      DEBT     INTEREST     VALUE        CASH       VALUE
         -------            ---------   
-------   ----------   -------   
--------   ----------   --------   
----------
                                                 (FIGURES IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE VALUES)

Digital Think.............   $ 9.88     35,006    $  345,686   $     0     $  0     $  345,686   $ 71,933   $  273,753
Docent....................     3.38     41,955       141,598     1,559        0        143,157     96,847       46,310
HealthStream..............     1.00     20,312        20,312       505        0         20,817     27,282       (6,465)

Plato Learning............    17.08      8,349       142,595       669        0        143,264      2,959      140,305
Saba Software.............     3.81     44,330       169,008     4,891        0        173,899     47,979      125,920
SkillSoft.................    21.00     13,275       278,772         0        0        278,772     27,130      251,642
Smartforce................    25.81     60,434     1,559,995         0      307      1,560,262    107,957    1,452,305
Learn2.com................   $ 0.23     52,932    $   12,406   $10,000     $  0     $   22,406   $  2,500   $   19,906

     Based on its analysis, HLHZ concluded that the Company Value indications
were more relevant than Enterprise Value in determining trading multiples of
revenue and gross profit for the comparable companies and for Learn2.
The
multiples of Company Value to LTM revenue of the comparable companies ranged
from 2.2 times revenue to 21.3 times revenue, with a median of 9.3 times
revenue.


Similarly, the multiples for the comparable companies based on LQA revenues
ranged from 1.6 to 12.7 times revenue, with a median of 6.4 times revenue.

     
The multiples of Company Value of LTM gross profit of the comparable
companies ranged from 2.8 times gross profit to 81.8 times gross profit, with a
median of 11.1 times gross profit.
Similarly, the multiples for the comparable
companies based on LQA gross profit ranged from 2.7 to 21.4 times gross profit,
with a median of 8.1 times gross profit.

     
The April 6, 2001 trading price of Learn2 indicates that, both on a
multiple of revenue and a multiple of gross profit, it was trading below the low
end of the range of the comparable companies.
This analysis indicated that
Learn2 was potentially undervalued, reflecting, in part, its need for additional
funding and uncertainty regarding the dilution impact of its convertible debt.

HLHZ independently valued Learn2, assuming the liquidity issue and uncertainty
regarding the convertible debt are settled.
HLHZ valued Learn2 based on the low
end of the range of trading multiples of historical and projected revenue and
gross profit for the comparable companies.
HLHZ selected these multiples based
on a risk analysis of Learn2 compared to the comparable companies.
The factors
that were considered in the risk analysis included historical and projected
revenue growth and earnings levels, expected cash requirements or cash
generation, and market liquidity and trading levels.
HLHZ is independent
valuation of Learn2 indicated that Learn2's stock could potentially trade up to
a company value in the range of $34 million to $42 million, compared to the
$22.4 million implied by the $0.23 per share trading price.
Pro forma for the
merger, in which current E-Stamp stockholders will own 50.1% of the combined
company, this implies a value per E-Stamp share in the range of $0.44 to $0.55
per share, a premium to its recent $0.23 per share price.


Fairness Analysis

     To determine the fairness of the merger to the stockholders of E-Stamp from
a financial point of view HLHZ compared the value of the consideration be
received in the merger by the stockholders of E-Stamp to the value of the most
likely alternatives to the merger.
The alternatives HLHZ considered included (i)
a liquidation scenario, and (ii) a status quo scenario in which E-Stamp
continued to operate its existing business as an independent company.

     
In considering a liquidation scenario, HLHZ reviewed with E-Stamp
management, its estimate of the costs to wind down its operations, liquidate its
assets and settle its obligations and contingent liabilities, the risks
associated with such activities, and the timing of the distribution to
stockholders of the remaining cash.
Based on this analysis, HLHZ estimated that,
the present value of the net cash liquidation proceeds was reasonably stated in
the range of $8.5 million to $13.4 million or $0.22 to $0.35 per share.
premium
to the trading price of E-Stamp's common stock on April 6, 2001, the last
trading day before HLHZ's presentation to the board of directors of E-Stamp,
such liquidation value is less than the value the merger is likely to create for
E-Stamp shareholders.

     
In considering the status quo alternative, HLHZ considered E-Stamp common
stock's recent trading price and E-Stamp management's 2001 business plan.
On
April 6, 2001, the last trading day before HLHZ's presentation to the board of
directors of E-Stamp, the common stock of E-Stamp was trading at $0.08 per
share.
This price reflected a significant discount to the cash on the balance
sheet of E-Stamp, and a discount to its liquidation value (discussed above),
implying a negative value for the operations of E-Stamp.
Based on management's
projections for E-Stamp's stand-alone operations and on E-Stamp's recent trading
history, HLHZ determined that under a status quo scenario, it was unlikely that
E-Stamp's common stock would trade at or above its liquidation value in the
foreseeable future.
Furthermore, it was likely that E-Stamp would be delisted
from the NASDAQ stock market's national market in a status quo scenario.

     
HLHZ has relied upon and assumed, without independent verification, that
the financial forecasts and projections provided to them have been reasonably
prepared and reflect the best currently available estimates of the future
financial results and condition of E-Stamp and Learn2, respectively, and that
there

has been no material change in the assets, financial condition, business or
prospects of either E-Stamp or Learn2 since the date of the most recent
financial statements made available to them.

     
HLHZ did not independently verify the accuracy and completeness of the
information supplied to them with respect to E-Stamp or Learn2 and did not
assume any responsibility with respect to it.
HLHZ has not made any physical
inspection or independent appraisal of any of the properties or assets of
E-Stamp or Learn2.
HLHZ's opinion is necessarily based on business, economic,
market and other conditions as they exist and can be evaluated by them at the
date of their letter.

     
HLHZ is a nationally recognized investment banking firm with special
expertise in, among other things, valuing businesses and securities and
rendering fairness opinions.
HLHZ is continually engaged in the valuation of
businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged
buyouts, private placements of debt and equity, corporate reorganizations,
employee stock ownership plans, corporate and other purposes.
E-Stamp selected
HLHZ because of its experience and expertise in performing valuation and
fairness analysis.
HLHZ does not beneficially own nor has it ever beneficially
owned any interest in E-Stamp or Learn2.


Fees and Expenses

     Pursuant to an agreement dated March 28, 2001, HLHZ was retained by E-Stamp
to analyze the fairness of the consideration to be received by stockholders of
E-Stamp in connection with the merger, from a financial point of view.
E-Stamp
has agreed to pay HLHZ a fee of $400,000 plus its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with the rendering of a fairness opinion.

E-Stamp has further agreed to indemnify HLHZ against certain liabilities and
expenses in connection with the rendering of its services.


INTERESTS OF LEARN2 AND E-STAMP OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE MERGER

     
In considering the boards of directors' recommendations that you approve
the merger and the merger agreement, you should note that the officers and
directors have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition
to, your interests.
Specifically, as a result of or in connection with the
merger:

     - Robert H. Ewald will be the Chairman of the Board of E-Stamp;

     - Donald Schupak will become Chairman of the Executive Committee of the
       Board of E-Stamp;

     - Learn2 directors Donald Schupak, Stephen P. Gott, S. Lee Kling and James
       A. Cannavino will become directors of E-Stamp;

     - Robert H. Ewald, Marcelo Gumucio, Robert J. Cresci, John V. Balen and
       Rebecca Saeger will continue as directors of E-Stamp after the merger;

     - Learn2 officers Stephen P. Gott and Marc E. Landy will become executive
       officers of E-Stamp;

     - Some stock options of Learn2 officers and directors may become fully
       vested;

     - Learn2 directors and executive officers will have the right to continued
       indemnification and insurance coverage by E-Stamp for acts and omissions
       occurring prior to the merger;

     - Robert H. Ewald and Marcelo Gumucio will continue to receive salaries
       after the merger;

     - The E-Stamp compensation committee intends to recommend to the E-Stamp
       board of directors that loans provided to Robert H. Ewald and Marcelo
       Gumucio, having outstanding balances of approximately $290,000 and
       $90,000, respectively, should be forgiven in their entirety prior to the
       merger, together with a tax gross up on the forgiveness;

     - The E-Stamp compensation committee intends to recommend to the E-Stamp
       board of directors that Robert H. Ewald should be paid a cash bonus upon
       consummation of the merger in an amount to be determined by the board of
       directors prior to the merger; and

     - Stock options exercised through the issuance of notes by Messrs. Schupak,
       Cannavino and Ezrin will be repriced to the amounts already paid upon
       exercise and the notes issued by such directors in the principal amounts
       of $1,194,000, $286,667 and $206,667, respectively, will be cancelled and
       any liens thereunder released.

     
Upon the closing of the merger, certain of then outstanding Learn2 stock
options, by their terms, may become vested.
However, the board of directors of
Learn2 approved a plan under which each director, officer and employee would be
given the opportunity to exchange their existing stock options for new stock
options with an exercise price of $0.25 per share, subject to a new vesting
scheduled that will be approved by E-Stamp and Learn2.

     
Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, each Learn2 employee stock
option outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the merger will be
converted, upon completion of the merger, into an option to acquire, on the same
terms and conditions, the number of shares of E-Stamp common stock that is equal
to the aggregate number of shares of Learn2 shares of common stock for which
such option was exercisable multiplied by the exchange ratio.

     
For six years after completion of the merger, E-Stamp will indemnify each
current and former officer or director of Learn2 to the extent required under
Delaware law or Learn2's certificate of incorporation or bylaws in effect
immediately prior to the completion of the merger.

     
In addition, Learn2's directors and officers will receive, for a period of
six years after the completion of the merger, directors' and officers' insurance
coverage with terms substantially the same as those of Learn2's existing
directors and officers insurance policy for events occurring on or prior to the
completion of the merger through one of the following mechanisms:

     - a directors and officers insurance policy whose annual premium is not
       greater than 200% of the premium of Learn2's policy in effect on the date
       of the merger agreement; or

     - obtaining "tail" coverage under Learn2's existing directors and officers
       insurance policy.

     
As a result, Learn2's and E-Stamp's directors and officers generally could
be more likely to vote to approve the merger and the merger agreement than
Learn2 and E-Stamp stockholders.


MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

     
The following are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger to holders of Learn2 common stock who, pursuant to the merger, exchange
their Learn2 common stock for E-Stamp common stock, assuming that the merger is
effected as described in the merger agreement and in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.
This discussion is based on existing provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, currently applicable Treasury regulations, and current
administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to change,
possibly with retroactive effect.

     
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations
that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances.
Factors
that could alter the tax consequences of the merger to you include:

     - if you are a dealer or trader in securities;

     - if you are subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the
       Internal Revenue Code;

     - if you are not a U.S. citizen or resident;

     - if your functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;

     - if you are a tax-exempt organization, financial institution or insurance
       company;

     - if you acquired your shares in connection with stock option or stock
       purchase plans or in other compensatory transactions; or

     - if you hold Learn2 common stock as part of a hedge, straddle, or other
       integrated, risk reduction, constructive sale, or conversion transaction.

     
This discussion does not address the tax consequences of an exchange of
options or warrants for Learn2 common stock into options or warrants for E-Stamp
common stock.
This discussion assumes you hold your shares of Learn2 common
stock as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal
Revenue Code.

     
Neither E-Stamp nor Learn2 will request a ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service or an opinion of counsel in connection with the merger.
Learn2 and
E-Stamp believe that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

     
The following material federal income tax consequences will result from the
merger's qualification as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code:

     - You will not recognize any gain or loss upon your receipt of E-Stamp
       common stock solely in exchange for your shares of Learn2 common stock in
       the merger.

     
- The aggregate tax basis of the E-Stamp common stock received by you as a
       result of the merger will be approximately the same as the aggregate tax
       basis of the Learn2 common stock you surrender in the merger.

     
- The holding period of the E-Stamp common stock received by you in the
       merger will include the period during which you held the Learn2 common
       stock exchanged therefor.

     
- Learn2 will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the transfer of its
       assets to E-Stamp in the merger solely in exchange for E-Stamp common
       stock.

     
- E-Stamp will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the receipt of the
       assets of Learn2 in the merger in exchange for the issuance of its common
       stock.

     
If the Internal Revenue Service were to challenge successfully the status
of the merger as a reorganization, the tax consequences to you described above
would not, in general, apply and you would be required to recognize gain or loss
as a result of the merger in an amount equal to the difference between your
basis in your Learn2 common stock and the fair market value, as of the closing
of the merger, of the shares of E-Stamp common stock and any other consideration
that you receive.
Learn2 would also be required to recognize gain on the
transfer of its assets to E-Stamp as a result of the merger.

     
Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, you could recognize gain
to the extent that shares of E-Stamp common stock are considered to be received
in exchange for services or property, other than solely for Learn2 common stock.

All or a portion of such gain may be taxable as ordinary income.
You may also
recognize gain to the extent that you are treated as receiving, directly or
indirectly, consideration other than E-Stamp common stock in exchange for your
Learn2 common stock.

     
LOSS OF NET OPERATING LOSS CARRYFORWARDS.  
Learn2 and E-Stamp expect that
the merger will result in an ownership change of Learn2 under Section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Section 382 contains rules that limit the ability of a
company to offset pre-ownership change net operating losses and credit
carryovers against post-ownership change taxable income.
As a result, Learn2's
net operating loss carryforwards (aggregating approximately $100 million as of
December 31, 2000) will be limited for use to offset any income of E-Stamp.

E-Stamp's net operating losses (aggregating approximately $133.6 million as of
December 31, 2000) will be limited now or in the future, depending upon the
transactions involving E-Stamp common stock.

     
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR
DESCRIPTION OF ALL POTENTIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF
THE MERGER.
IN PARTICULAR, THE DISCUSSION DOES NOT ADDRESS TAX CONSEQUENCES
WHICH MAY VARY WITH YOUR INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES.
MOREOVER, THE DISCUSSION DOES
NOT ADDRESS ANY NON-INCOME TAX OR ANY FOREIGN, STATE OR LOCAL TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF THE MERGER.
ACCORDINGLY, WE STRONGLY URGE YOU TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR
AS TO THE SPECIFIC UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN INCOME OR
OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO YOU.

LISTING ON THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET OF E-STAMP COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN
THE MERGER

     E-Stamp intends to have the shares of E-Stamp common stock to be issued in
the merger approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market before the
completion of the merger.
There can be no assurance, however, that E-Stamp's
common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market at the effective time
of the merger or at any time thereafter.
See "Risk Factors -- We May Lose Our
Listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market."

DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF LEARN2 COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

     When the merger is completed, Learn2 common stock will be delisted from the
Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange
Act.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

     No dissenters' or appraisal rights are available in connection with the
merger.


ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     E-Stamp intends to account for the merger as a purchase for financial
reporting and accounting purposes, under accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
After the merger, the results of
operations of Learn2 will be included in the consolidated financial statements
of E-Stamp.
The purchase price will be allocated based on the fair values of the
assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.

     
The cost of the acquisition is expected to be less than the fair value of
the net tangible assets of Learn2 acquired.
The deficiency will be allocated
first to reduce proportionately the values assigned to non-current assets.

Should non-current assets be reduced to zero, any remaining deficiency will be
recorded as a deferred credit and amortized to income over the expected period
of benefit.


MARKET PRICE INFORMATION

     
The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and
low closing prices per share of E-Stamp common stock and Learn2 common stock as
reported on the Nasdaq National Market.
E-Stamp common stock began trading on
the Nasdaq National Market on October 8, 1999, and Learn2 common stock began
trading on the Nasdaq National Market on October 20, 1994.

                                                          
LEARN2                     E-STAMP
                                                       COMMON STOCK               COMMON STOCK
                                                  -----------------------    -----------------------
                                                  HIGH CLOSE    LOW CLOSE    HIGH CLOSE    LOW CLOSE
                                                  ----------    ---------    ----------    ---------

FISCAL 1999
Quarter Ended March 31, 1999....................    $8.844       $2.719       $    --       $    --
Quarter Ended June 30, 1999.....................    
$7.563       $3.969       $    --       $    --
Quarter Ended September 30, 1999................    
$4.625       $2.906       $    --       $    --
Quarter Ended December 31, 1999.................    $4.969       $2.938       $39.250       $18.000
FISCAL 2000
Quarter Ended March 31, 2000....................    $8.750       $3.438       $23.063       $ 7.313
Quarter Ended June 30, 2000.....................    $3.813       $1.688       $ 6.464       $ 1.688
Quarter Ended September 30, 2000................    $3.031       $2.000       $ 2.000       $ 0.875
Quarter Ended December 31, 2000.................    $2.000       $0.375       $ 0.969       $ 0.125
FISCAL 2001
Quarter Ended March 31, 2001....................    $0.906       $0.219       $ 0.344       $ 0.063

     The foregoing table shows only historical comparisons.
These comparisons
may not provide meaningful information to you in determining whether to approve
the merger and the merger agreement.
Because the proportion of shares of E-Stamp
to be issued to the holders of Learn2 common stock is fixed,

changes in the market price of E-Stamp common stock will affect the dollar value
of E-Stamp common stock to be received by stockholders of Learn2 in the merger.

Learn2 stockholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for E-Stamp
common stock, and to review carefully the other information contained in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus, prior to considering whether to approve the
merger and the merger agreement.

     
As of          , 2001, E-Stamp estimates that there were approximately
               holders of record of E-Stamp common stock.
To date, E-Stamp has
not declared or paid dividends on its common stock.
The board of directors of
E-Stamp does not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.

     
As of          , 2001, Learn2 estimates that there were approximately
               holders of record of Learn2 common stock.
To date, Learn2 has not
declared or paid dividends on its common stock.
The Board of Directors of Learn2
presently intends to retain all earnings for use in Learn2's business and
therefore does not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.

                              
THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following summary of the merger agreement is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the complete text of the merger agreement, which is incorporated
by reference and attached as Annex I to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

We urge you to read the full text of the merger agreement.

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS OF E-STAMP AFTER THE MERGER

     
At the closing of the merger, the certificate of incorporation and the
bylaws of E-Stamp will remain the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of
the surviving corporation.
However, the certificate of incorporation of the
surviving corporation will be amended so that the name of the surviving
corporation shall be Learn2 Corporation.


DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF E-STAMP AFTER THE MERGER

     
At the closing of the merger:

     - Robert H. Ewald will be the Chairman of the Board of E-Stamp;

     - Donald Schupak will become Chairman of the Executive Committee of the
       Board of E-Stamp;

     - Learn2 directors Donald Schupak, Stephen P. Gott, S. Lee Kling and James
       A. Cannavino will become directors of E-Stamp;

     - Robert H. Ewald, Marcelo Gumucio, Robert J. Cresci, John V. Balen and
       Rebecca Saeger will continue as directors of E-Stamp after the merger;

     - Stephen P. Gott will become the President and Chief Executive Officer of
       E-Stamp; and

     - Marc E. Landy will become the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
       Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of E-Stamp.


CONVERSION OF LEARN2 CAPITAL STOCK

     At the closing of the merger, each share of common stock of Learn2 issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the merger will be automatically converted
into the right to receive the number of shares of E-Stamp common stock
calculated pursuant to the exchange ratio, rounded to the nearest whole share.

No fractional shares of E-Stamp common stock will be issued in the merger.
The
exchange ratio will equal the quotient obtained by dividing (i) 99.5% of the
number of outstanding shares of E-Stamp common stock by (ii) the number of
outstanding shares of Learn2 common stock.
For purposes of the exchange ratio,
outstanding shares of both E-Stamp and Learn2 common stock will include options
that will be vested as of the closing of the merger and have an exercise price
that is less than or equal to the average closing price of E-Stamp or Learn2
common stock, respectively, for the five consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the E-Stamp or Learn2 special meeting, respectively.

PROCEDURE FOR EXCHANGING LEARN2 COMMON STOCK FOR E-STAMP COMMON STOCK

     The merger agreement requires E-Stamp to designate an exchange agent for
the benefit of holders of shares of Learn2 common stock to hold certificates
representing the shares of E-Stamp common stock to be issued in the merger.
When
the merger is completed, the exchange agent will mail to you a letter of
transmittal and instructions for surrendering your Learn2 stock certificates in
exchange for E-Stamp stock certificates and any dividends or distributions that
may be issuable.


LEARN2 OPTIONS

     
The merger agreement provides that all options outstanding at the closing
of the merger to purchase shares of Learn2 common stock will be assumed by
E-Stamp and become options to purchase common stock of E-Stamp, subject to
adjustment according to the exchange ratio.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Learn2 and E-Stamp each made a number of representations and warranties in
the merger agreement regarding aspects of their respective businesses, financial
condition, structure and other facts pertinent to their businesses and
operations and to the merger.
Each representation is included in the merger
agreement attached hereto as Annex I

Learn2 Representations and Warranties

     Learn2 made representations and warranties as to the following matters:

     - Learn2's corporate organization and qualification to do business;

     - Learn2's subsidiaries;

     - Learn2's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

     - Learn2's capitalization;

     - Learn2's authorization of the merger agreement;

     - the effect of the merger on obligations of Learn2 and under applicable
       laws;

     - Learn2's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission
       and its financial statements;

     - information supplied by Learn2 in this joint proxy statement-prospectus
       and the related registration statement filed by E-Stamp;

     - Learn2's assets;

     - absence of material changes in Learn2's business since December 31, 2000;

     - litigation involving Learn2 and Learn2's compliance with applicable laws;

     - Learn2's intellectual property;

     - environmental laws that apply to Learn2;

     - Learn2's material contracts;

     - Learn2's labor relations;

     - Learn2's pension and employee benefit plans;

     - Learn2's payment of taxes and tax liabilities;

     - Learn2's insurance;

     - arrangements between Learn2 and its affiliates;

     - approval by the Learn2 board of directors; and

     - payments required to be made by Learn2 to brokers and agents on account
       of the merger.

     
The representations and warranties of Learn2 expire on the completion of
the merger.


E-Stamp Representations and Warranties

     E-Stamp made representations and warranties as to the following matters:

     - E-Stamp's corporate organization and qualification to do business;

     - E-Stamp's subsidiaries;

     - E-Stamp's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

     - E-Stamp's capitalization;

     - E-Stamp's authorization of the merger agreement;

     - the effect of the merger on obligations of E-Stamp and under applicable
       laws;

     - E-Stamp's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission
       and its financial statements;

     - information supplied by E-Stamp in this joint proxy statement-prospectus
       and the related registration statement filed by Learn2;

     - E-Stamp's assets;

     - absence of material changes in E-Stamp's business since December 31,
       2000;

     - litigation involving E-Stamp and E-Stamp's compliance with applicable
       laws;

     - E-Stamp's intellectual property;

     - environmental laws that apply to E-Stamp;

     - E-Stamp's material contracts;

     - E-Stamp's labor relations;

     - E-Stamp's pension and employee benefit plans;

     - E-Stamp's payment of taxes and tax liabilities;

     - E-Stamp's insurance;

     - arrangements between E-Stamp and its affiliates;

     - approval by the E-Stamp board of directors; and

     - payments required to be made by E-Stamp to brokers and agents on account
       of the merger.

     
The representations and warranties of E-Stamp expire on the completion of
the merger.

     
The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and cannot be summarized easily.
You are urged to read carefully the articles of
the merger agreement entitled "Learn2 Representations and Warranties" and
"E-Stamp Representations and Warranties.
"

LEARN2'S CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BEFORE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     Learn2 agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the merger or
termination of the merger agreement or unless E-Stamp consents in writing,
Learn2 will carry on its business in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practices, and use reasonable commercial efforts to:

     - preserve intact its present business organization and assets;

     - maintain its rights and franchises;

     - retain the services of its officers and employees;

     - maintain its relationships with customers, suppliers and others with
       which it has business dealings; and

     - keep in full force and effect liability insurance and bonds comparable in
       amount and scope to that currently maintained.

     
Learn2 also agreed that until the earlier of the completion of the merger
or the termination of the merger agreement, or unless E-Stamp consents in
writing, Learn2 will conduct its business in compliance with specified
restrictions relating to, among other things, the following:

     - employees and employee benefits;

     - issuance of dividends or distributions;

     - issuance and redemption of securities;

     - restricted stock and stock options;

     - acquisition of assets or other entities;

     - sale, lease, license and disposition of assets;

     - amendment of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

     - incurrence of indebtedness;

     - making of tax elections; and

     - accounting policies and procedures.


E-STAMP'S CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BEFORE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     E-Stamp agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the merger or
termination of the merger agreement or unless Learn2 consents in writing,
E-Stamp will carry on its business in the ordinary course and consistent with
past practices, except that E-Stamp will discontinue its business, and will use
reasonable commercial efforts to:

     - preserve intact its present business organization and assets;

     - maintain its rights and franchises;

     - retain the services of its officers and employees;

     - maintain its relationships with customers, suppliers and others with
       which it has business dealings; and

     - keep in full force and effect liability insurance and bonds comparable in
       amount and scope to that currently maintained.

     
E-Stamp also agreed that until the earlier of the completion of the merger
or the termination of the merger agreement, or unless Learn2 consents in
writing, E-Stamp will conduct its business in compliance with specified
restrictions relating to, among other things, the following:

     - employees and employee benefits;

     - issuance of dividends or other distributions;

     - issuance and redemption of securities;

     - restricted stock and stock options;

     - acquisition of assets or other entities;

     - sale, lease, license and disposition of assets;

     - amendment of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

     - incurrence of indebtedness;

     - making of tax elections; and

     - accounting policies and procedures.


LEARN2 NON-SOLICITATION

     Learn2 has agreed to cease, as of the date of the merger agreement, any and
all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted
prior to that date with respect to any "Acquisition Proposal," other than an
offer or proposal from E-Stamp.

     
An Acquisition Proposal is any offer to acquire, directly or indirectly,
15% or more of the assets of an entity and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or of the capital stock of an entity, whether by asset sale, tender offer,
exchange offer, merger, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction.

     
Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated, Learn2
has agreed that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries directly or indirectly
will:

     - encourage, solicit or facilitate any inquiries or proposals that
       constitute or could reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition
       Proposal relating to Learn2; or

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations or provide any information
       relating to any Acquisition Proposal relating to Learn2.

     
The merger agreement provides that these restrictions shall not prohibit
Learn2 from complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.
Moreover, the merger agreement allows Learn2 to
participate in discussions or negotiations with, or furnish information
regarding Learn2 pursuant to a confidentiality agreement to, any person or group
if all of the following conditions are met:

     - the person or group has submitted a superior proposal to Learn2's board
       of directors;

     - neither Learn2 nor any of its representatives or subsidiaries has
       breached the non-solicitation provisions contained in the merger
       agreement in connection with the superior proposal;

     - the board of directors of Learn2 determines in its good faith judgment,
       after consultation with its legal counsel, that taking such action is
       necessary to comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable law; and

     - the board of directors of Learn2 provides prior written notice to E-Stamp
       of its decision to participate in negotiations and provide information.

     
A superior proposal is any proposal or offer made by a third party to
acquire, directly or indirectly, including pursuant to a sale of assets, tender
offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction, for
consideration consisting of cash and/or securities, more than 50% of the
combined voting power of the capital stock of an entity then outstanding or all
or substantially all of the assets of an entity and otherwise on terms which its
board of directors determines in good faith judgment (after consultation with
its financial advisor), to be more favorable to its stockholders than the merger
and which is not subject to the receipt of any necessary financing or which, in
the good faith judgment of its board of directors, is reasonably capable of
being obtained by such third party.

     
Learn2 has agreed to inform E-Stamp orally and in writing promptly of any
Acquisition Proposal relating to Learn2 and any request for non-public
information in connection with an Acquisition Proposal relating to Learn2.
The
notice shall include the identity of the person making the proposal, inquiry or
contact as well as the material terms and conditions of such proposal, inquiry
or contact.

     
Under the merger agreement, the Learn2 directors are allowed to (i)
withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to E-Stamp their recommendation in favor
of the merger, (ii) recommend another Acquisition

Proposal relating to Learn2 or (iii) enter into an agreement with respect to
another Acquisition Proposal if:

     - a superior proposal is made;

     - neither Learn2 nor any of its representatives has breached the
       non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement in connection with
       the superior proposal; and

     - the board of directors provides 2 days' prior written notice to E-Stamp
       of its intent to accept such superior proposal, specifying the material
       terms of the superior proposal and identifying the person making the
       superior proposal.

     
Regardless of whether there has been a superior proposal, Learn2 is
obligated under the merger agreement to hold and convene the Learn2 special
meeting of stockholders.


E-STAMP NON-SOLICITATION

     E-Stamp has agreed to cease, as of the date of the merger agreement, any
and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties
conducted prior to that date with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, other
than an offer or proposal from E-Stamp.

     
Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated,
E-Stamp has agreed that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries directly or
indirectly will:

     - encourage, solicit or facilitate any inquiries or proposals that
       constitute or could reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition
       Proposal relating to E-Stamp; or

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations or provide any information
       relating to any Acquisition Proposal relating to E-Stamp.

     
The merger agreement provides that these restrictions shall not prohibit
E-Stamp from complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.
Moreover, the merger agreement allows E-Stamp to
participate in discussions or negotiations with, or furnish information
regarding E-Stamp pursuant to a confidentiality agreement to, any person or
group if all of the following conditions are met:

     - the person or group has submitted a superior proposal to E-Stamp's board
       of directors;

     - neither E-Stamp nor any of its representatives or subsidiaries has
       breached the non-solicitation provisions contained in the merger
       agreement in connection with the superior proposal;

     - the board of directors of E-Stamp determines in its good faith judgment,
       after consultation with its legal counsel, that taking such action is
       necessary to comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable law; and

     - the board of directors of E-Stamp provides prior written notice to
       E-Stamp of its decision to participate in negotiations and provide
       information.

     
E-Stamp has agreed to inform Learn2 orally and in writing promptly of any
Acquisition Proposal relating to E-Stamp and any request for non-public
information in connection with an Acquisition Proposal relating to E-Stamp.
The
notice shall include the identity of the person making the proposal, inquiry or
contact as well as the material terms and conditions of such proposal, inquiry
or contact.

     
Under the merger agreement, the E-Stamp directors are allowed to (i)
withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Learn2 their recommendation in favor
of the merger, (ii) recommend another

Acquisition Proposal relating to E-Stamp or (iii) enter into an agreement with
respect to another Acquisition Proposal if:

     - a superior proposal is made;

     - neither E-Stamp nor any of its representatives has breached the
       non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement in connection with
       the superior proposal; and

     - the board of directors provides 2 days' prior written notice to Learn2 of
       its intent to accept such superior proposal, specifying the material
       terms of the superior proposal and identifying the person making the
       superior proposal.

     
Regardless of whether there has been a superior proposal, E-Stamp is
obligated under the merger agreement to hold and convene the E-Stamp special
meeting of stockholders.


REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND PROXY STATEMENT

     E-Stamp and Learn2 have agreed to prepare and cause to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-4,
including this joint proxy statement-prospectus, and to cooperate and provide
promptly information to each other as required or appropriate for inclusion in
the registration statement.


LEARN2 SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

     Learn2 has agreed to convene a special meeting of Learn2 stockholders as
promptly as practicable after the registration statement on Form S-4 is declared
effective, and to use its reasonable efforts to solicit and secure from its
stockholders at the meeting the adoption and approval of the merger agreement
and the merger, as well as the issuance to the holder of Learn2's $10 million
convertible debenture, prior to the merger, of approximately 26.4 million shares
of Learn2 common stock.
Learn2 has also agreed that its board of directors will
recommend that its stockholders vote in favor of and adopt and approve the
merger agreement and the merger, and that this recommendation will not be
withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to E-Stamp, subject to limited
exceptions.

     
Nothing in the merger agreement prevents the Learn2 board of directors from
withdrawing or changing its recommendation in favor of the merger if the board
reasonably concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside counsel,
that the failure to so withdraw or change its recommendation would be
inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations.


E-STAMP SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

     E-Stamp has agreed to convene a special meeting of E-Stamp stockholders as
promptly as practicable after the registration statement on Form S-4 is declared
effective, and to use its reasonable efforts to solicit and secure from its
stockholders at the meeting (i) the adoption and approval of the merger
agreement and the merger, including changing E-Stamp's name to Learn2
Corporation and (ii) amending its 1999 Stock Plan to increase the number of
shares reserved thereunder.
E-Stamp has also agreed that its board of directors
will recommend that its stockholders vote in favor of and adopt and approve the
merger agreement and the merger, and that this recommendation will not be
withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Learn2, subject to limited
exceptions.

     
Nothing in the merger agreement prevents the E-Stamp board of directors
from withdrawing or changing its recommendation in favor of the merger if the
board reasonably concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside
counsel, that the failure to so withdraw or change its recommendation would be
inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations.


DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' INDEMNIFICATION

     
For six years after completion of the merger, E-Stamp will indemnify each
current and former officer or director of Learn2 to the extent required under
Delaware law or Learn2's certificate of incorporation or bylaws in effect
immediately prior to the completion of the merger.

     
In addition, Learn2's directors and officers will receive, for a period of
six years after the completion of the merger, directors' and officers' insurance
coverage with terms substantially the same as those of Learn2's existing
directors and officers insurance policy for events occurring on or prior to the
completion of the merger through one of the following mechanisms:

     - a directors and officers insurance policy whose annual premium is not
       greater than 200% of the premium of Learn2's policy in effect on the date
       of the merger agreement; or

     - obtaining "tail" coverage under Learn2's existing directors and officers
       insurance policy.


EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS

     Following the merger and for one year thereafter, E-Stamp will provide
Learn2 employees and its subsidiaries' employees with benefits plans and
arrangements that are substantially similar, in the aggregate, to those of
Learn2 as in effect immediately prior to the merger, other than with respect to
benefits not available to E-Stamp employees.

     
Following the merger, each continuing employee will, to the extent
permitted by applicable law and the applicable third party provider, receive
service credit for purposes of eligibility to participate and vesting (but not
for benefit accrual purposes) for employee benefit plan purposes for service to
Learn2 or its subsidiaries prior to the merger.


OTHER COVENANTS

     The merger agreement contains other covenants relating to, among other
things:

     - redemption and termination of the convertible debenture held by RGC
       International Investors, LDC in the aggregate principal amount of $10
       million; and

     - lock-up agreements subjecting directors and executive officers to
       contractual trading restrictions regarding shares of E-Stamp common
       stock.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     
The obligations of E-Stamp and Learn2 to complete the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions before completion of
the merger:

     - the merger agreement must be approved and adopted and the merger must be
       approved by the Learn2 and E-Stamp stockholders;

     - E-Stamp's registration statement must be effective, no stop order
       suspending its effectiveness shall have been issued and no proceedings
       for suspension of its effectiveness will be pending before or threatened
       by the SEC; and

     - no law, regulation or order must be enacted, enforced or issued which is
       in effect and prevents or prohibits the merger.

     
E-Stamp's obligations to complete the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of each of the following additional conditions before completion of the merger:

     - Learn2's representations and warranties must be true in all material
       respects as of April 19, 2001, and at and as of the date the merger is to
       be completed as if made at and as of such time except:

       to the extent Learn2's representations and warranties address matters
       only as of a particular date, they must be true as of that date and if
       any of these representations and warranties are not true at the time of
       the merger, but the effect in each case, or in the aggregate, while
       disregarding all qualifications based on the word "material" within the
       representations and warranties, of the inaccuracies of these
       representations and breaches of these warranties is not and does not have
       a material adverse effect on Learn2, then this condition will be deemed
       satisfied;

     - Learn2 must perform or comply in all material respects with all of its
       conditions, agreements, obligations and covenants required by the merger
       agreement to be performed or complied with by Learn2 at or before
       completion of the merger;

     - There shall not have occurred a material adverse effect on Learn2; and

     - Learn2 shall have issued shares of its common stock to the holder of its
       $10 million convertible debenture and the debenture shall have been
       redeemed.

     
Learn2's obligations to complete the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of each of the following additional conditions before completion of the merger:

     - E-Stamp's representations and warranties must be true in all material
       respects as of April 19, 2001, and as of the date the merger is to be
       completed as if made at and as of such time except: to the extent
       E-Stamp's representations and warranties address matters only as of a
       particular date, they must be true and correct as of that date and if any
       of these representations and warranties are not true and correct at the
       time of the merger, but the effect in each case, or in the aggregate,
       while disregarding all qualifications based on the word "material" within
       the representations and warranties, of the inaccuracies of these
       representations and breaches of these warranties, is not and does not
       have a material adverse effect on E-Stamp, then this condition will be
       deemed satisfied;

     - E-Stamp must perform or comply in all material respects with all of its
       conditions, agreements, obligations and covenants required by the merger
       agreement to be performed or complied with by E-Stamp at or before
       completion of the merger;

     - There shall not have occurred a material adverse effect on E-Stamp;

     - E-Stamp shall have net cash of at least $13 million as determined under
       the merger agreement as of the closing of the merger, subject to
       adjustment; and

     - Learn2 stockholders holding less than ten percent of the outstanding
       Learn2 common stock shall have exercised or given notice of their intent
       to exercise dissenters' rights.


TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time (except where otherwise
indicated) prior to completion of the merger:

     - by mutual written consent of E-Stamp and Learn2;

     - by E-Stamp or Learn2, if the merger is not completed before September 30,
       2001 for any reason, except that this right to terminate the merger
       agreement is not available to any party whose action or failure to act
       has been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the merger to
       occur on or before September 30, 2001 and that action or failure to act
       constitutes a breach of the merger agreement;

     - by E-Stamp or Learn2, if (A) the E-Stamp stockholders' special meeting
       was properly held, but the requisite number of E-Stamp stockholders did
       not approve the merger and adopt the merger agreement, including changing
       E-Stamp's corporate name to Learn2 Corporation; or (B) the Learn2
       stockholders' special meeting was properly held, but the requisite number
       of Learn2 stockholders did not approve the merger and adopt the merger
       agreement including the issuance of

       shares of common stock to the holder of Learn2's $10 million convertible
       debenture in connection with the redemption and termination of the
       convertible debenture;

     - by E-Stamp or Learn2, if there is any order of a court or governmental
       authority having jurisdiction over either E-Stamp or Learn2 permanently
       restraining, enjoining or prohibiting the completion of the merger, which
       is final and nonappealable;

     - by Learn2, if the E-Stamp board of directors withdraws, modifies or
       changes in a manner adverse to Learn2 its approval or recommendation of
       the merger agreement or shall have recommended an Acquisition Proposal
       relating to E-Stamp or shall have entered into an agreement relating to
       an Acquisition Proposal relating to E-Stamp with a party other than
       Learn2;

     - by Learn2, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
       agreement on the part of E-Stamp in the merger agreement, or if any
       representation or warranty of E-Stamp is or becomes untrue so that the
       corresponding condition to completion of the merger would not be met;
       however, Learn2 may not terminate the merger agreement for 15 days after
       delivery of written notice from Learn2 to E-Stamp of the breach;

     - by E-Stamp, if the Learn2 board of directors withdraws, modifies or
       changes in a manner adverse to E-Stamp its approval or recommendation of
       the merger agreement or shall have recommended an Acquisition Proposal
       relating to Learn2 or shall have entered into an agreement relating to an
       Acquisition Proposal relating to Learn2 with a party other than E-Stamp;
       or

     - by E-Stamp, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
       agreement on the part of Learn2 set forth in the merger agreement, or if
       any of Learn2's representations or warranties is or becomes untrue so
       that the corresponding condition to completion of the merger would not be
       met; however, E-Stamp may not terminate the merger agreement for 15 days
       after delivery of written notice from E-Stamp to Learn2 of the breach.


EXPENSES RELATED TO THE MERGER

     Generally, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will be paid by the party
incurring the expenses.
However, E-Stamp and Learn2 shall share equally all fees
and expenses, other than attorneys' and accountants' fees and expenses, related
to the printing and filing of the registration statement and this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.


PAYMENT OF TERMINATION FEE

     E-Stamp shall pay to Learn2 a cash termination fee equal to $500,000 if
Learn2 terminates the merger agreement under the following scenarios:

     - The E-Stamp stockholders' special meeting was properly held, but the
       requisite number of E-Stamp stockholders did not approve the merger and
       adopt the merger agreement, including changing E-Stamp's corporate name
       to Learn2 Corporation; or

     - The E-Stamp board of directors withdraws, modifies or changes in a manner
       adverse to Learn2 its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement
       or shall have recommended an Acquisition Proposal relating to E-Stamp or
       shall have entered into an agreement relating to an Acquisition Proposal
       relating to E-Stamp with a party other than Learn2.

     
Learn2 shall pay to E-Stamp a cash termination fee equal to $500,000 if
E-Stamp terminates the merger agreement under the following scenarios:

     - The Learn2 stockholders' special meeting was properly held, but the
       requisite number of Learn2 stockholders did not approve the merger and
       adopt the merger agreement including the issuance of shares of common
       stock to the holder of Learn2's $10 million convertible debenture in
       connection with the redemption and termination of the convertible
       debenture; or

     - The Learn2 board of directors withdraws, modifies or changes in a manner
       adverse to E-Stamp its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement
       or shall have recommended an Acquisition Proposal relating to Learn2 or
       shall have entered into an agreement relating to an Acquisition Proposal
       relating to Learn2 with a party other than E-Stamp.


EXTENSION, WAIVER AND AMENDMENT OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     E-Stamp and Learn2 may amend the merger agreement before completion of the
merger by mutual written consent.
Either E-Stamp or Learn2 may extend the
other's time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts under
the merger agreement, waive any inaccuracies in the other's representations and
warranties and waive compliance by the other with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in the merger agreement.
Any extension or waiver shall be
valid if it is in writing and signed by the extending or waiving party.

                               
RELATED AGREEMENTS

THE PRIVATE PLACEMENT

     Pursuant to the merger agreement, E-Stamp loaned Learn2 $2 million on April
25, 2001.
In connection with this loan, Learn2 issued to E-Stamp a $2 million
convertible promissory note that bears interest at 10% per annum.

     
Maturity Date.
The principal amount of the note, together with all accrued
and unpaid interest on the note, is due and payable on April 30, 2002.
The note
provides that upon the occurrence of specified events of default, E-Stamp may
accelerate the maturity date of the note.
In addition to customary events of
default relating to failure to pay the note when due and bankruptcy proceedings,
the note provides that E-Stamp may declare the principal and accrued and unpaid
interest on the note:

     - immediately due and payable if a default or event of default occurs under
       Learn2's $10 million convertible debenture, which default is not waived
       or cured within any applicable grace period, and which results in the
       acceleration of the maturity date of Learn2's $10 million convertible
       debenture;

     - immediately due and payable if the Learn2 board of directors withdraws,
       modifies or changes in a manner adverse to E-Stamp its approval or
       recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger, or recommends an
       acquisition proposal, as defined in the merger agreement, relating to
       Learn2 with any person other than E-Stamp;

     - immediately due and payable if Learn2 executes an agreement in principle
       or definitive agreement relating to an acquisition proposal, as defined
       in the merger agreement, relating to Learn2 with any person other than
       E-Stamp; and

     - due and payable sixty days after the termination of the merger agreement
       if Learn2 breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or other
       agreement contained in the merger agreement, which breach results in a
       material adverse effect, as defined in the merger agreement, on Learn2
       and cannot or has not been cured within fifteen days after the giving of
       written notice by E-Stamp to Learn2, and which results in E-Stamps
       termination of the merger agreement.

     
Conversion Features.
The note issued to E-Stamp is convertible into 2,000
shares of Series E preferred stock of Learn2.
These shares of Learn2 Series E
preferred stock are convertible into Learn2 common stock at any time following
the termination of the merger agreement.
These 2,000 shares of Learn2 Series E
preferred stock are initially convertible into an aggregate of 8,000,000 shares
of Learn2 common stock.

     
After the earlier of (1) September 30, 2001, or any later date specified in
any amendment to the merger agreement after which either E-Stamp or Learn2 may
terminate the merger agreement if the merger has not occurred by that date, or
(2) the termination of the merger agreement as a result of the failure of Learn2
stockholders to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger or as a result
of

Learn2's breach of the merger agreement or the documents related to the merger
agreement, the conversion ratio shall be adjusted such that each share of Learn2
Series E preferred stock shall be convertible into that number of shares of
Learn2 common stock determined by dividing $1,000 by the lesser of (1) $0.25 and
(2) the average closing sales price of the Learn2 common stock for the five
trading days immediately prior to the date of conversion.
However, the
conversion ratio shall not be adjusted to a ratio that requires approval of
Learn2 stockholders under any applicable law or rule, including the rules of The
Nasdaq Stock Market, until such approval, or exemption therefrom shall have been
obtained by Learn2.

     
On all matters submitted to a vote of Learn2 stockholders, each share of
Learn2 Series E preferred stock is entitled to the same number of votes as the
number of shares of Learn2 common stock into which such share of Learn2 Series E
preferred stock is then convertible.

     
Restrictions on Transfer.
The note and the shares of Learn2 Series E
preferred stock issuable upon the conversion of the note are not transferable
prior to the termination of the merger agreement.

     
Registration Rights.
E-Stamp is entitled to rights with respect to the
registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Learn2 common stock
issuable to E-Stamp upon conversion of the Learn2 Series E preferred stock
issuable upon conversion of the note.
These rights are provided under the terms
of a registration rights agreement between Learn2 and E-Stamp entered into in
connection with the issuance of the note.
Learn2 has agreed to register such
shares for public resale by filing a registration statement with the SEC within
120 days after termination of the merger agreement.
Learn2 has also agreed to
keep the foregoing registration statement effective at all times until such
shares of Learn2 common stock have been sold or such shares may, in the
reasonable opinion of E-Stamp's counsel, may be immediately sold to the public
without registration or restriction, including without any volume limitations.

Furthermore, in the event Learn2 elects to register any of its shares of common
stock for purposes of effecting any public offering, E-Stamp is entitled to
include the shares of Learn2 common stock issued upon conversion of the Learn2
Series E preferred stock in the registration, but Learn2 may reduce the number
of shares proposed to be registered in view of market conditions.
The
registration rights agreement also provides that E-Stamp has specified rights to
require that Learn2 list the Learn2 shares acquired by E-Stamp upon conversion
of the note on The Nasdaq Stock Market or other national securities exchange or
trading system on which shares of Learn2's common stock are listed for trading
or quotation.


LETTER AGREEMENT

     
The following summary of the letter agreement is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the complete text of the letter agreement, which is incorporated
by reference and included as an exhibit to the registration statement of which
this joint proxy statement-prospectus forms a part.
We urge you to read the full
text of the letter agreement.

     
In connection with the merger agreement, Learn2 and E-Stamp entered into a
letter agreement.
The letter agreement provides that Learn2, and not E-Stamp,
shall be the surviving corporation in the merger if prior to the record date for
the E-Stamp special meeting:

     - E-Stamp's common stock is delisted from The Nasdaq National Market; and

     - Learn2's common stock continues to be listed on The Nasdaq National
       Market on such date.

     
Although under the limited circumstances described above, Learn2, and not
E-Stamp, would be the surviving corporation in the merger, the exchange ratio in
the merger would continue to provide for Learn2 stockholders (including the
holder of Learn2's $10 million convertible debenture) immediately prior to the
merger to hold approximately 49.9%, and for E-Stamp stockholders immediately
prior to the merger to hold approximately 50.1%, of the combined company.
The
other terms of the merger agreement, including the provisions governing the
composition of the board of directors of the surviving corporation, would remain
in effect except that E-Stamp and Learn2 have agreed to amend the merger
agreement as necessary to reflect Learn2 as the surviving corporation of the
merger should the circumstances described above occur.


LOCK-UP AGREEMENTS OF E-STAMP DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS FOLLOWING THE
MERGER

     E-Stamp and Learn2 each intend for the persons who will serve as executive
officers and directors of E-Stamp following the merger to enter into lock-up
agreements restricting those persons' ability to dispose of E-Stamp common
stock.
Generally, these lock-up agreements will prohibit the sale of E-Stamp
common stock for the six months following the merger and will impose specified
limitations on sales occurring after such six month period and prior to the one
year anniversary of the merger.
RGC's agreement to similar trading limitations
on the shares of E-Stamp common stock it will receive in the merger is
contingent upon each person who will serve as an executive officer or director
of E-Stamp following the merger entering into these lock-up agreements.
However,
we cannot assure you that each of these persons will enter into a lock-up
agreement.
In the event that any of these persons do not agree to a lock-up
agreement, the contractual restrictions on RGC's ability to sell E-Stamp common
stock received by RGC in the merger will terminate.


VOTING AGREEMENTS

The following summary of the voting agreements is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the complete text of the voting agreements, which are incorporated
by reference and attached as annexes II and III to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.
We urge you to read the full text of the voting
agreements.

     
In connection with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement,
Learn2 entered into a voting agreement with each of the executive officers and
directors of E-Stamp, and E-Stamp entered into a voting agreement with each of
the executive officers and directors of Learn2.

     
Under these voting agreements, each of the executive officers and directors
of E-Stamp and Learn2 agreed to vote all their shares of E-Stamp and Learn2
common stock in favor of the merger and adoption of the merger agreement,
against approval or adoption of resolutions or actions which would cause the
conditions to closing of the merger, as set forth in the merger agreement, not
to be satisfied and against other specified matters.
The executive officers and
directors of E-Stamp and Learn2 may vote their shares of E-Stamp and Learn2
common stock on all other matters.

     
As of the record date for the E-Stamp special meeting, the E-Stamp
executive officers and directors owned shares of E-Stamp common stock
representing approximately      % of the total voting power of the outstanding
shares of E-Stamp common stock.

     
As of the record date for the Learn2 special meeting, the Learn2 executive
officer and directors owned shares of Learn2 common stock representing
approximately      % of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of
Learn2 common stock.

     
The voting agreements generally prohibit the executive officers and
directors of E-Stamp and Learn2 from selling, transferring, pledging,
encumbering, assigning or otherwise disposing of any shares of E-Stamp common
stock, except to a person who agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of the
voting agreement and except for transfers that do not prevent the stockholder
from performing his or her obligations under the voting agreements.

     
The voting agreements terminate upon the earlier to occur of the completion
of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its
terms.

                      
E-STAMP MANAGEMENT AFTER THE MERGER

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF E-STAMP

     Upon completion of the merger
, the board of directors of E-Stamp will be
comprised of nine individuals, five of whom will be designated by E-Stamp and
four of whom will be designated by Learn2.
E-Stamp and Learn2 have designated
the individuals set forth below to be directors of E-Stamp upon completion of
the merger.
The principal executive officers of E-Stamp upon completion of the
merger are also set forth below.


NAME                                   AGE                           POSITION
- ----                                   ---                           --------

Robert H. Ewald......................  53     Chairman of the Board
Donald Schupak.......................  58     Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board
Stephen P. Gott......................  52     President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Marc E. Landy........................  40     Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,
                                              Secretary and Treasurer
Marcelo A. Gumucio...................  63     Director
Robert J. Cresci.....................  57     Director
James A. Cannavino...................  56     Director
S. Lee Kling.........................  72     Director
Rebecca Saeger.......................  45     Director
John V. Balen........................  40     Director

     For information regarding these executive officers and directors who
currently serve as directors of Learn2, see page 29.

     
ROBERT H. EWALD has been E-Stamp's President and Chief Executive Officer
since February 1999 and has been a Director since January 1999.
From July 1996
to July 1998, Mr. Ewald held various executive positions at Silicon Graphics,
Inc., a manufacturer of computer workstations, servers and supercomputers, most
recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.
From August
1984 to June 1996, Mr. Ewald held various management and executive positions
with Cray Research, Inc., a manufacturer of high performance computers,
including President and Chief Operating Officer.
Before joining Cray Research,
Inc., Mr. Ewald led the Computing and Communications Division of the Los Alamos
National Laboratory and was responsible for providing computing and
communications services to government customers nationwide between 1980 and
1984.
Mr. Ewald is currently a director of Ceridian, Inc., an information
technology services company, and a member of the President's Information
Technology Advisory Committee chartered by the White House.
Mr. Ewald received
his B.S. in civil engineering from the University of Nevada and his M.S. in
civil engineering from the University of Colorado.

     
MARC E. LANDY currently serves as Learn2's Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary.
From November 1996 to February 1999, Mr. Landy
served as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Street Technologies,
Inc., which Learn2 acquired in February 1999.
From April 1993 to November 1996,
Mr. Landy served in several management capacities, including Controller and
Director of Consulting for Flexi International Software, Inc.
Mr. Landy is a CPA
and from 1990 to 1992 he was a Senior Audit Manager at Ernst & Young.

     
MARCELO A. GUMUCIO has served as Chairman of the Board since November 1998.

Mr. Gumucio is Managing Partner of Gumucio, Burke and Associates, a private
investment firm that he co-founded in 1992.
From April 1996 to July 1997, Mr.
Gumucio was Chief Executive Officer of Micro Focus PLC, an enterprise software
provider.
He has also served as a member of the Micro Focus board of directors
since January 1996.
Before joining Micro Focus, Mr. Gumucio was President and
Chief Executive Officer of Memorex Telex NV between 1992 and 1996.
Mr. Gumucio
currently serves on the board of directors of BidCom, Inc., Digital Island and
Burr Brown Corporation and serves as Chairman of the boards of WebSentric and
NetFreight.
Mr. Gumucio received his B.S. in mathematics from the University of
San

Francisco and M.S. in applied mathematics and operations research from the
University of Idaho.
Mr. Gumucio is also a graduate of the Harvard Business
School Advanced Management Program.

     
ROBERT J. CRESCI has served on the Board of Directors since October 1999.

Since 1990, Mr. Cresci has served as a Managing Director of Pecks Management
Partners Ltd., which specializes in managing portfolios of public and private
convertible securities for institutional clients.
Mr. Cresci currently serves on
the board of directors of Sepracor, Inc., Aviva Petrolium Ltd., Film Roman,
Inc., Castle Dental Centers, Inc., j2 Global Communications, Inc., Candlewood
Hotel Co. and SeraCara, Inc.
Mr. Cresci is a graduate of the United States
Military Academy at West Point and received an MBA from Columbia University.

     
REBECCA SAEGER has served on the Board of Directors since September 1999.

Since June 1997, Ms. Saeger has served as Executive Vice President of Brand
Marketing for VISA U.S.A., a provider of payment products and services.
From
June 1991 to May 1997, Ms. Saeger served in various positions at Foote, Cone &
Belding San Francisco, an advertising agency, including Senior Vice President,
Group Management Supervisor and Director of Account Management.
From June 1980
to April 1991, Ms. Saeger worked at Ogilvy and Mather New York, an advertising
agency, where she held a variety of positions, including most recently, Senior
Vice President, Group Director.
Ms. Saeger received her B.A. from Muhlenberg
College and M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business, University of
Pennsylvania.

     
JOHN V. BALEN has served on the Board of Directors since July 1998.
Mr.
Balen joined Canaan Partners, a national venture capital investment firm, in
September 1995 where he is currently a general partner.
From June 1985 to June
1995, Mr. Balen served as Managing Director of Horsley Bridge Partners, a
private equity investment management firm.
Mr. Balen currently serves on the
board of directors of Intraware and Commerce One.
Mr. Balen received his B.S. in
electrical engineering and M.B.A. from Cornell University.


COMMITTEES OF THE E-STAMP BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Upon completion of the merger, the board of directors of E-Stamp will
initially have three committees: an executive committee, an audit committee and
a compensation committee.

                          
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     In April 2001, E-Stamp signed a definitive merger agreement with Learn2.

The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements present the effects of the proposed merger between E-Stamp and Learn2
under the purchase method of accounting.
The pro forma combined condensed
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2000 combines E-Stamp's and
Learn2's balance sheets as of December 31, 2000 as if the merger had been
consummated on that date.
The pro forma combined condensed consolidated
statement of operations of E-Stamp for the year ended December 31, 2000 assumes
that the merger took place on January 1, 2000.

     
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements has been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the
SEC, is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the operating results or financial position that actually would
have occurred if the merger had been consummated as of the date indicated, nor
is it necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial position.

The combined company will focus on the growing e-learning market.
The pro forma
adjustments are based on the information available at the date of this joint
proxy statement-prospectus and are subject to change based upon completion of
the transaction and final purchase price allocation, including completion of
third party appraisals.

     
E-Stamp's and Learn2's combined condensed consolidated financial
information included in these pro forma financial statements is derived from
December 31, 2000 audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

     
These unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the historical financial
statements and notes thereto of E-Stamp and the historical consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto of Learn2 including "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and
"Risk Factors" included herein.

                              
E-STAMP CORPORATION

       UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                            AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                 (NOTE 3)
                                                EFFECTS OF
                                  E-STAMP      DISCONTINUED       REVISED       LEARN2       PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                 HISTORICAL     OPERATIONS        E-STAMP     HISTORICAL    ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                 ----------    
------------      ---------    
----------    -----------      ---------

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents....  $  25,233      $      --        $  25,233    $    4,760     $  (1,000)(g)   $  28,993
  Restricted cash..............      3,750             --            3,750            --            --           3,750
  Accounts receivable, net.....        369             --              369         3,373            --           3,742
  Inventory....................         --             --               --         1,493            --           1,493
  Prepaid expenses and other
    assets.....................      2,121             --            2,121           906            --           3,027
                                 ---------      ---------        
---------    ----------     ---------       
---------
    Total current assets.......     31,473             --           31,473        10,532        (1,000)         41,005
Fixed assets, net..............      5,493         (5,493)(1)           --         4,981        (3,421)(a)       1,560
Goodwill, net..................      2,860         (2,860)(2)           --        14,343       (14,343)(e)          --
Capitalized software, net......         --             --               --        14,915       (10,243)(b)       4,672
Intangible assets, net.........      1,881         (1,881)(3)           --         5,011        (3,441)(c)       1,570
Other assets...................      
1,200             --            1,200           539          (369)(d)       
1,370
                                 ---------      ---------        ---------    ----------     ---------       ---------
    Total assets...............  $  42,907      $ (10,234)       $  32,673    $   50,321     $ (32,817)      $  50,177
                                 =========      =========        =========    ==========     =========       =========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
  EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable.............  $   3,529      $      --        $   3,529    $    3,692     $      --       $   7,221
  Other accrued liabilities....      
2,140             --            2,140         3,777         3,608(f)        9,040
                                                                                                  (485)(g)
  Accrued restructuring........      
5,933             --            5,933            --            --           5,933
  Current portion of deferred
    revenue....................        328             --              328         1,345        (1,000)(h)         673
                                 ---------      ---------        ---------    ----------     ---------       ---------
    Total current
      liabilities..............     11,930             --           11,930         8,814         2,123          22,867
Deferred revenue...............         --             --               --            93            --              93
Convertible debenture, net.....         --             --               --         9,271        (9,271)(g)          --
Other liabilities..............         --             --               --            20            --              20
                                 ---------      ---------        ---------    ----------     ---------       ---------
    Total liabilities..........     11,930             --           11,930        18,198        (7,148)         22,980
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' Equity
Common stock...................         38             --               38           529          (491)(i)          76
Additional paid-in-capital.....    224,878             --          224,878       197,287      (190,871)(i)     231,294
Notes receivable from employees
  and directors................       (664)            --             (664)       (1,687)        1,687(i)         (664)
Deferred stock compensation....     (4,622)            --           (4,622)           --            --(i)       (4,622)
Accumulated deficit............   (188,653)       (10,234)(4)     (198,887)     (164,006)      164,006(i)     (198,887)
                                 ---------      
---------        ---------    
----------     ---------       
---------
    Total stockholders'
      equity...................     
30,977        (10,234)          20,743        32,123       (25,669)         27,197
                                 ---------      ---------        ---------    ----------     ---------       ---------
    Total liabilities and
      stockholders' equity.....  $  42,907      $ (10,234)       $  32,673    $   50,321     $ (32,817)      $  50,177
                                 =========      =========        =========    ==========     =========       =========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma
combined condensed consolidated financial statements.

                              
E-STAMP CORPORATION

  UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                   (NOTE 3)
                                                  EFFECTS OF
                                    E-STAMP      DISCONTINUED    REVISED        LEARN2       PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                   HISTORICAL     OPERATIONS     E-STAMP      HISTORICAL    ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                   ----------    
------------    -------      ----------    -----------      ---------

Net revenues.....................  $   5,337      $  (5,337)     $   --        $ 22,070      $     --        $ 22,070
Cost of revenues.................      6,396         (6,396)         --           6,380            --           6,380
                                   ---------      
---------      ------        
--------      --------        --------
Gross profit (loss)..............     (1,059)         1,059          --          15,690            --          15,690
Operating expenses:
  Research and development.......     18,170        (18,170)         --           6,891            --           6,891
  Sales and marketing............     
54,179        (54,179)         --          12,146            --          12,146
  General and administrative.....      9,304         (8,904)        400(5)        9,920            --          10,320
  Depreciation and
    amortization.................         --             --          --           6,060        (1,324)(j)       1,132
                                                                                               (3,604)(k)
  Goodwill and intangible asset
    amortization.................      1,060         (1,060)         --              --                            --
  Acquired in-process
    technology...................      1,677         (1,677)         --              --            --              --
  Restructuring and non-recurring
    costs........................     
20,291        (20,291)         --             641            --             641
  Impairment of goodwill and
    other intangible assets......         --             --          --          17,883       (17,883)(m)          --
  Amortization of deferred stock
    compensation.................      
8,040         (8,040)         --              --            --              --
  Amortization of deferred
    distribution costs...........      2,850         (2,850)         --              --            --              --
                                   ---------      ---------      ------        --------      --------        --------
    Total operating expenses.....    115,571       (115,171)        400          53,541       (22,811)         31,130
                                   ---------      ---------      ------        --------      --------        --------
Loss from operations.............   (116,630)       116,230        (400)        (37,851)       22,811         (15,440)
Interest income..................      3,982         (3,982)         --             632            --             632
Interest expense.................       (178)           178          --            (994)          755(l)         (239)

Other income (expense), net......         --             --                         223            --             223
                                   ---------      
---------      ------        
--------      --------        
--------
Net loss from continuing
  operations.....................  $(112,826)     $ 112,426      $ (400)       $(37,990)     $ 23,566        $(14,824)
                                   =========      =========      ======        ========      ========        ========
Basic and diluted loss per common
  share..........................  $   (3.04)                                  $  (0.72)                     $  (0.20)
                                   =========                                   ========                      ========
Weighted average basic and
  diluted common shares
  outstanding....................     37,144                                     52,702                        74,954(n)
                                   =========                                   ========                      ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma
combined condensed consolidated financial statements.

                        NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

 1. BASIS OF PRO FORMA PRESENTATION

     On April 19, 2001, E-Stamp and Learn2 entered into a merger agreement
whereby each outstanding share of Learn2 common stock will be converted into
approximately 0.478 shares of E-Stamp common stock.
Each outstanding option and
warrant to purchase shares of Learn2 common stock will be assumed using the
0.478 ratio.
Completion of the merger is conditioned upon the affirmative vote
of both companies' stockholders, among other conditions.
E-Stamp expects to
issue approximately 38 million shares of common stock in the merger.
The actual
number of shares of E-Stamp common stock to be issued will be determined on the
effective date of the merger based on the number of shares of Learn2 and E-Stamp
common stock actually outstanding on such date.
Actual shares outstanding also
includes the number of outstanding stock options of E-Stamp and Learn2 that will
be vested as of the closing of the merger and have an exercise price that is
less than or equal to the average closing price of E-Stamp or Learn2 common
stock, respectively, for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding
the E-Stamp or Learn2 special meeting, respectively.
E-Stamp is expected to
account for the merger under the purchase method of accounting.

     
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet at
December 31, 2000 combines E-Stamp and Learn2 consolidated financial statements
at December 31, 2000 as if the merger had been consummated on that date.
The
unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statement of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2000 gives effect to the proposed merger of E-Stamp
and Learn2, as if the transaction had been consummated on January 1, 2000.

 2.
PRELIMINARY PURCHASE PRICE

     The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements reflect an estimated purchase price of approximately $18.5 million,
measured using the closing market price of E-Stamp's common stock on the date
the merger was signed, plus the assumed liabilities, and other costs directly
related to the merger as follows (in thousands):

     Purchase price calculation:

Total E-Stamp shares outstanding...........................   38,151
E-Stamp common stock per share market value................  $  0.17
                                                             -------
                                                               6,486
Ownership factor from merger agreement.....................     99.5%
                                                             -------
Value of E-Stamp common stock issued in connection with the
  merger...................................................    
6,454
Pre-closing payment........................................    1,000
Liabilities assumed........................................    
7,442
Transaction costs..........................................    3,608
                                                             -------
  Total....................................................  $18,504
                                                             =======

     The final purchase price allocation, determined upon the closing of the
merger, will be dependent on the actual number of shares of common stock
exchanged, the actual number of options and warrants assumed, actual liabilities
assumed, and actual acquisition related costs.
For purposes of presenting the
pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial statements the allocation is
based upon Learn2's December 31, 2000 consolidated balance sheet which reflects
a valuation of certain non-current assets performed by an independent appraiser
at that date.

                        NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
              COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

     The following table sets forth the fair value of assets acquired:

Net current assets.........................................  $10,532
Non-current assets:
  Fixed assets.............................................    
4,981
  Capitalized software.....................................   14,915
  Other identifiable intangible assets.....................    5,011
  Other non-current assets.................................      539
                                                             -------
Total non-current assets                                      25,446
                                                             -------
Total......................................................  $35,978
                                                             =======

     The fair value of the net assets acquired of $35,978, exceeded the purchase
price of $18,504, resulting in negative goodwill of $17,474.
As a result, the
negative goodwill will be allocated to reduce proportionately the values
assigned to the $25,446 of non-current assets acquired.
The preliminary
allocation is as follows:

                                              FAIR VALUE OF       ALLOCATION OF       ADJUSTED
                                             ASSETS ACQUIRED    EXCESS FAIR VALUE    FAIR VALUE
                                             ---------------    -----------------    ----------

Net current assets.........................      $10,532            $     --          $10,532
Fixed assets...............................        4,981              (3,421)           1,560
Capitalized software.......................       
14,915             (10,243)           4,672
Other identifiable intangible assets.......        5,011              (3,441)           1,570
Other non-current assets...................          539                (369)             170
                                                 -------            --------          -------
                                                 $35,978            $ 17,474          $18,504
                                                 =======            ========          =======

 3. EFFECTS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     E-Stamp expects to have discontinued all of its existing business
operations prior to the completion of the merger.
Accordingly the impact of
these discontinued operations has been excluded in the determination of net loss
from continuing operations.

     
E-Stamp's historical balance sheet at December 31, 2000 has been adjusted
to reflect these discontinued operations as if the merger took place on that
date.
The remaining assets and liabilities are those E-Stamp believes will
continue.

     
(1) Represents the write-down of fixed assets totaling $5.5 million.

     
(2) Represents the write-down of goodwill totaling $2.9 million

     (3) Represents the write-down of intangible assets totaling $1.9 million

     (4) Represents the total charge of the write-downs of fixed assets,
         intangible assets, and goodwill, totaling $10.2 million.

     
(5) Represents estimated general and administrative expenses that will
         continue after the merger.

                        
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
              COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

 4.
PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

Balance Sheet

     The accompanying unaudited pro form combined condensed consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2000 combines the balance sheets of E-Stamp and Learn2
as if the merger was completed on that date and reflects the following pro forma
adjustments:

          (a) As a result of the allocation of negative goodwill to Learn2's
     fixed assets, the net book carrying value at December 31, 2000 of $5.0
     million was reduced by $3.4 million to $1.6 million.

          (b) As a result of the allocation of negative goodwill to Learn2's
     capitalized software, the net book carrying value at December 31, 2000 of
     $14.9 million was reduced by $10.2 million to the fair value of $4.7
     million.

          (c) As a result of the allocation of negative goodwill to Learn2's
     intangible assets, the net book carrying value at December 31, 2000 of $5.0
     million was reduced by $3.4 million to the fair value of $1.6 million.

          (d) As a result of the allocation of negative goodwill to Learn2's
     other assets, the carrying value at December 31, 2000 of $539,000 was
     reduced by $369,000 to the fair value of $170,000.

          (e) To eliminate Learn2 historical goodwill.

          
(f) To record estimated direct merger costs of approximately $3.6
     million to be incurred.

          
(g) In connection with the merger, prior to the closing of the merger,
     Learn2's $10 million 6% convertible debenture will be retired through the
     exchange of the debenture for shares of Learn2 common stock and the payment
     of $1.0 million, which will represent accrued interest through the actual
     closing of the merger.
Therefore, for pro forma purposes, the convertible
     debenture and related accrued interest expense of $9.3 million and
     $485,000, respectively were eliminated.

          
(h) To reduce deferred revenue to its fair market value.

          
(i) To eliminate the historical equity of Learn2 and record the
     E-Stamp shares issued in the merger.
Subject to the closing of the merger,
     stock options issued to three of Learn2's board members will be repriced to
     the amounts already paid and the promissory notes issued by such directors
     to Learn2 in the aggregate principal amount of $1.7 million in connection
     with the exercise of the options, will be cancelled and any liens
     thereunder released.


Statement of Operations

     The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated
statement of operations has been prepared as if the proposed merger of E-Stamp
and Learn2 was completed as of January 1, 2000 and reflects the following pro
forma adjustments:

          (j) To eliminate amortization of Learn2 historical goodwill totaling
     $1.3 million.

          
(k) As a result of the purchase accounting allocation, the carrying
     values of fixed assets, capitalized software, and intangible assets, for
     pro forma purposes, depreciation and amortization expense related to those
     assets was reduced by $3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2000.

          
(l)
As a result of the elimination of Learn2's convertible debenture,
     for pro forma purposes interest expense was reduced by $755,000 for the
     year ended December 31, 2000.

          
(m) To eliminate the write-off of Learn2 goodwill and intangibles of
     $17.9 million.

                        NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
              COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

          (n)
Reflects issuance by E-Stamp of approximately 38 million shares of
     common stock in connection with the merger.
Shares used to calculate
     unaudited pro forma loss per share exclude the anti-dilutive effect of
     E-Stamp's options including options assumed in the merger.

     
The current plan for the combined company is to either terminate or
sublease within the terms of the agreement, its lease on its Mountain View, CA
facility.
No adjustments have been made to the pro forma financial statements as
it relates to the resolution of this lease.
E-Stamp historical financial
statements reflect rent expense of approximately $4.0 million related to this
lease.
Also, as a result of the merger, the combined company plans to take a
restructuring charge of approximately $1.0 to $2.0 million.

                  
LEARN2 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     
The following discussion of the financial condition and results of
operations of Learn2 should be read in conjunction with the Learn2's
consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those financial
statements included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
This
document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties.
Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but
not limited to, those set forth under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 13 and
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement-prospectus.


OVERVIEW

     Learn2 (together with its subsidiaries) is a Learning Service Provider or
LSP for corporate, government and individual clients.
Learn2's offerings include
engaging online and physical learning and training products and complementary
services.
Learn2 believes its mix of products and services provides it with a
competitive advantage toward becoming the solutions provider of choice to its
customers.

     
Learn2's products provide an engaging learning experience to corporate and
individual customers through interactive multimedia and animated tutorials and
courseware.
Learn2's corporate and government customers have access to these
high quality tutorials and additional features such as reporting and
administration through www.Learn2University.com.
Additionally, through
www.Learn2.com, visitors can access Learn2's content that includes tips and
step-by-step instructions on a broad spectrum of skills, activities and tasks,
as well as Learn2's multimedia tutorials.
Learn2's e-learning products are also
available on CD-ROM and video and can be purchased from Learn2's Website and
major retailers nationwide.

     
Through Learn2's subsidiary, eTracks.com, Inc., Learn2 provides permission
e-mail marketing and tracking services to customers that have "opt-in" e-mail
customer lists.
etracks' services include e-mail creation, delivery, tracking
and response analysis for a high volume of client e-mail accounts in a short
period of time.
Learn2 also has developed a proprietary member database of over
500,000 Internet users who have "opted-in" to receive promotional e-mails.

Learn2's clients can supplement their internally developed customer lists with
our member database.
In addition, during 2000 and prior, through periodic
e-mails Learn2 marketed various electronics and other products to its members.

The demand for permission e-mail marketing and tracking services has increased
over the past few years and Learn2 expects that the demand will continue to grow
for the foreseeable future.
Learn2 believes that eTracks' technology enables
more robust and useful tracking capabilities than its competitors'.

     
Learn2's goal is to become the world's leading provider of engaging
e-learning products and services.
To achieve this goal, Learn2 expects to focus
on its four primary objectives: creating a trusted brand, developing and owning
creative and engaging content, enhancing its patented state-of-the-art
technologies and offering services to meet the needs of its clients.
In 1999,
Learn2 changed its company name from 7th Level, Inc. to Learn2.com, Inc. Learn2
made the change to create a single recognized brand that more closely aligned
Learn2's corporate identity with its product and service offerings.


HISTORY

     Learn2 was founded in 1993 with the goal of becoming a leading developer
and publisher of interactive entertainment and educational content as well as a
creator of state-of-the-art tools and technologies.
In 1998, Learn2's research
and development activities were focused primarily on developing and enhancing
its agent technology.
In early 1999, Learn2 recognized that appropriate
applications of this technology were in the delivery of training and learning
and therefore Learn2 abandoned its interactive entertainment business and
focused its efforts on e-learning.

     
In 1999, to strengthen its position in the e-learning marketplace, Learn2
acquired three companies that enhanced its brand, content, technologies and
services capabilities: Street Technologies, Inc., a

privately held company that developed and marketed technology-based training
solutions delivered over intranets and the Internet utilizing a patented
streaming technology and provided custom service capabilities; Panmedia
Corporation, a privately held company that produced www.Learn2.com, a popular
Website that offered step-by-step instructions on skills, activities and tasks;
and ViaGrafix Corporation, a publicly traded company which developed, produced
and marketed technology-based training tutorials delivered on CD-ROMs and video
tapes as well as computer aided design or CAD software.
The CAD product line was
sold in March 2000.
Through eTracks, ViaGrafix also provided permission e-mail
broadcast solutions and conducted e-commerce.
These acquisitions provided Learn2
with the Learn2 brand, and a stronger mix of content, technologies and service
offerings.

     
As set forth in Note 4 to Learn2's consolidated financial statements,
Learn2 reported results of operations for all periods prior to August 23, 1999
do not reflect the results of ViaGrafix and prior to February 16, 1999 do not
reflect the results of Street Technologies, Inc.
Consequently, the results prior
to these dates and Learn2's consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 1998 are
not reflective of its operations and financial position as presently
constituted.

     
Effective January 1, 2000, Learn2 has adopted Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
101 "Revenue Recognition In Financial Statements."
SAB No. 101 expresses the
views of the Securities and Exchange Commission in applying accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States to certain revenue
recognition issues.

     
Learn2's adoption of SAB No. 101 resulted in a change in method of
accounting for cooperative advertising expenses.
In accordance with previously
existing accounting principles, Learn2 recorded cooperative advertising expenses
as a sales and marketing expense.
During 2000, as a result of new
interpretations of generally accepted accounting principles by the SEC through
the issuance of SAB No. 101, Learn2 was required to change the accounting policy
for cooperative advertising, to record these expenses as a reduction of gross
revenues.

     
The effect of the adoption of SAB No. 101 was to decrease both revenues and
sales and marketing expenses by $3.5 million.
SAB No. 101 has been adopted as a
change in accounting principle, effective January 1, 2000.
The adoption of SAB
No. 101 resulted in no change to current or previously reported earnings, as
this was a reclassification between revenue and sales and marketing expenses.

Learn2 has restated its results for the first three quarters of the year ended
December 31, 2000, as reflected in Quarterly Financial Data on page 86.
Pro
forma amounts assuming the new revenue recognition method is applied on a pro
forma basis for the year ended December 31, 1999 was a decrease to both net
revenues and sales and marketing expenses by $1.3 million.


SOURCES OF REVENUE AND REVENUE RECOGNITION POLICY

     Learn2 generates revenue primarily from the sales and licensing of computer
software training products and technologies, product development agreements, and
broadcast messaging services.

     
Revenue from software license agreements is recognized in accordance with
the provisions of American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Statement
of Position No. 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition."
Software product sales
under such license agreements are recognized as revenue upon shipment of the
products to customers, provided that there are no significant vendor obligations
and collection of the related receivable is probable.
In circumstances whereby
Learn2 has established vendor specific objective evidence, Learn2 accounts for
insignificant vendor obligations and post-contract support over the service
period.

     
Revenue from on-line sales is recognized when persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exits, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or
determinable and collectibility is probable.
Learn2 defers a portion, generally
10% of the selling price of on-line products for hosting and recognizes that
hosting ratably over the contractual period.
Learn2 recognizes the two
components, the software, (or training course) and the service (or hosting)
based on their relative fair values.

     
Revenue from physical product sales is recognized when persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or
determinable and collectibility is probable.
Generally, these criteria are met
at the time product is shipped.
A reserve is made at the time the related
revenue is recognized for estimated product returns based on history,
cooperative advertising, or other promotions which may occur under programs
Learn2 has with its customers.

     
Revenues from broadcast messaging transactions are recognized at the time
the broadcast is sent, as Learn2 has no further significant obligations.

     
Many of Learn2's costs are fixed and are based on anticipated revenue
levels.
Learn2 may be unable to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any
unexpected revenue shortfall.
If Learn2 has a shortfall in revenues in relation
to expenses, or if expenses continue to exceed revenues, then Learn2's results
of operations and financial condition would be affected materially and
adversely.
Learn2 expects to incur losses on a quarterly and annual basis for
the foreseeable future, however Learn2 believes it has adequate resources to
realize Learn2's business plan.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     Revenues and gross profits for 2000 increased over 1999 primarily as the
result of the inclusion of the full year of revenues from Learn2's acquisition
of ViaGrafix in 1999.
Revenues and gross profits also increased as a result of
volume increases in corporate training revenue and revenue associated with
Learn2's custom business.
Operating expenses increased to $53.5 million from
$51.5 million in 1999, and included $17.9 million in goodwill and other
intangible asset impairments, $6.1 million in fixed and intangible asset
amortization, and $600,000 in non-recurring charges in 2000.
Operating expenses
for 1999 included the write-off of acquired in-process technology of $24.8
million, fixed and intangible asset amortization of $3.3 million, restructuring
charges of $3.3 million, and non-recurring costs of $300,000.
Net loss including
these charges was $38.0 million in 2000 as compared to $41.0 million in 1999.

     
The following table sets forth industry segment information for the years
ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998:

                                                    REVENUES                      GROSS PROFIT
                                           ---------------------------   -------------------------------
                                            2000       1999      1998     2000         1999        1998
                                           -------   
--------   ------   -------   ------------   ------
                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

Learning Services........................  
$17,932   $11,657    $2,674   $13,487     $ 9,365      $2,202
Broadcast Messaging Services.............    
4,308     1,970        --     2,331       1,027          --
Intersegment elimination.................     (170)      (60)       --      (128)        (49)         --
                                           -------   -------    ------   -------     -------      ------
  Total..................................  $22,070   $13,567    $2,674   $15,690     $10,343      $2,202
                                           =======   =======    ======   =======     =======      ======

2000 COMPARED TO 1999

LEARNING SERVICES

     Learning Services revenues primarily consist of corporate learning
products, technologies and services sold or distributed through the Internet and
of physical products sold online, to online merchants and through traditional
retail channels.
Cost of revenues consists of the expenses associated with the
production and shipment of Learn2's physical products, costs related to develop
custom courses, for specific customers and content royalties.

     
Revenues for Learning Services increased $6.2 million or 53.0% to $17.9
million for 2000 from $11.7 million for 1999.
The gross profit for Learning
Services was approximately 75.2% of revenues for 2000 and approximately 80.3% of
revenues for 1999.
In 2000, as a result of the adoption of SAB 101, cooperative
advertising expenses of $3.5 million were recorded as a reduction of gross
revenue.

     
For 2000, these revenues consisted of corporate learning products,
technologies and services sold, licensed or distributed through the Internet of
approximately $9.2 million, physical learning products sold

online, to online merchants and through traditional retail channels of
approximately $7.6 million, software sales related to Learn2's CAD product line
(sold in March 2000) of approximately $400,000 and other revenue of
approximately $700,000.
For 1999, Learning Services revenues were $11.7 million
and consisted of approximately $4.1 million of corporate learning products,
technologies and services sold or distributed through the Internet,
approximately $5.5 million of physical learning products sold online, to online
merchants and through traditional retail channels, and approximately $400,000 of
software sales related to Learn2's CAD product line, and advertising and other
legacy revenues of approximately $1.7 million.
The 1999 revenues include revenue
from the operations acquired in the ViaGrafix acquisition that relate to
Learn2's Learning Services segment from August 23, 1999.
Gross profit fluctuated
from year to year as a result of differences in the composition of revenues.


BROADCAST MESSAGING SERVICES

     Broadcast Messaging Services consists primarily of permission e-mail
marketing and tracking services and e-commerce.
Cost of revenues consists of the
expenses associated with the delivery of permission e-mail and tracking
services, including Internet access and personnel related costs incurred to
operate Learn2's marketing and tracking services and cost of merchandise sold
through its e-commerce operations.

     
Revenues for Broadcast Messaging Services increased $2.3 million or 115.8%
to $4.3 million for 2000, compared to $1.9 million for 1999.
Broadcast Messaging
Services gross profit was 54.1% of revenues for 2000 compared to 51.2% of
revenues for 1999.
The 1999 revenues include revenues from the operations
acquired in the ViaGrafix acquisition that relate to our Broadcast Messaging
Services segment from August 23, 1999.


OPERATING EXPENSES

Research and Product Development

     For 2000, research and product development expenses were $6.9 million
compared to $4.0 million in 1999.
Research and product development expenses
relate to the development and enhancement of Learn2's technologies, content,
Website and product design.
The 2000 amount includes the research and product
development expenses of ViaGrafix and Street Technologies, Inc., whereas the
1999 amounts include the results of ViaGrafix from August 23, 1999 and the
results of Street Technologies, Inc. from February 16, 1999.
The overall
increase is attributable primarily to costs associated with the production and
development of multimedia content.

     
Learn2 believes that investment in research and product development is
required to remain competitive.
Therefore, Learn2 anticipates continued spending
for research and product development in future periods.


Sales and Marketing

     For 2000, sales and marketing expenses were $12.1 million compared to $10.5
million 1999.
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries,
commissions, advertising, trade show expenses and costs of marketing materials.

The 2000 amount includes the sales and marketing expenses of ViaGrafix and
Street Technologies for 2000, whereas the 1999 amounts include the results of
ViaGrafix from August 23, 1999 and the results of Street Technologies, Inc. from
February 16, 1999.
The 1999 amount also includes cooperative advertising of
approximately $1.3 million which effective January 1, 2000 has been accounted
for as a reduction of gross revenues.
The overall increase is attributable
primarily to increased sales and marketing personnel, costs for print media and
other product related advertising.

     
Sales and marketing expenses may increase in future periods in our
continued effort to achieve growth in revenue and as Learn2 introduces new
products.


General and Administrative

     For 2000, general and administrative expenses were $9.9 million compared to
$5.3 million for 1999.
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of
personnel related costs, occupancy costs and professional service fees.
The 2000
amount includes the general and administrative expenses of ViaGrafix and Street
Technologies for the year ended December 31, 2000, whereas the 1999 amounts
include the results of ViaGrafix from August 23, 1999 and the results of Street
Technologies, Inc. from February 16, 1999.
The overall increase is attributable
primarily to increased personnel costs and professional fees associated with a
larger organization.


Depreciation and Amortization

     Depreciation and amortization expenses were $6.1 million for 2000 compared
to $3.3 million for 1999.
The 2000 expenses included approximately $1.2 million
of depreciation of fixed assets, $1.9 million of amortization of capitalized
content development and $3.0 million of amortization of goodwill and intangible
assets related to the Street Technologies, Inc. and ViaGrafix acquisitions.
The
1999 expenses included approximately $708,000 of depreciation of fixed assets,
$311,000 of amortization of computer software and $2.3 million of amortization
of goodwill and intangible assets related to the acquisitions of Street
Technologies, Inc. and ViaGrafix Corporation.


Restructuring Charges

     Restructuring charges incurred for 1999 were approximately $3.3 million and
related to Learn2's business combinations with Street Technologies, Inc. and
ViaGrafix Corporation of approximately $2.3 million and $1.0 million,
respectively.
The charges were comprised of approximately $1.4 million related
to the write-off of redundant assets, $551,000 related to excess office space
and other costs and $1.4 million in employee severance costs.


Non-recurring Costs

     During the second quarter of 2000, Learn2 completed the integration of the
ViaGrafix and Panmedia mergers which began in 1999.
As a result, Learn2 recorded
a non-recurring charge of approximately $641,000 primarily for severance.
During
the second quarter of 1999, Learn2 completed its merger with Panmedia
Corporation.
Learn2 recorded a non-recurring charge of approximately $277,000
for transaction costs associated with the merger.


Acquired In-process Technology

     In 1999, in connection with Learn2's acquisitions of Street Technologies,
Inc., and ViaGrafix, Learn2 allocated approximately $9.7 million and $15.1
million of their respective purchase prices to acquired in-process technology.

Accordingly these cost were expensed as of the acquisition date.
Amounts
allocated to acquired in-process technology relate to projects that had not yet
reached technological feasibility and that, until completion of development, had
no alternative future use.
The technologies acquired required substantial
additional development.


Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

     As a result of the operating losses incurred by ViaGrafix, Learn2 reviewed
the recoverability of the goodwill and other intangible assets associated with
its acquisition of ViaGrafix in accordance with its accounting policy for
long-lived assets.
Based on an analysis of projected undiscounted cash flows,
Learn2 determined that the carrying value of such goodwill and other intangible
assets was impaired.
Accordingly, Learn2 engaged an outside appraiser to assist
with the analysis and based upon the resulting valuation, Learn2 recognized
approximately $17.9 million in impairment charges.
The impairment charge was
comprised of approximately $8.9 million of goodwill, $8.5 million of intangible
assets, and $500,000 of capitalized software.
The impairment charges are equal
to the difference between the carrying amount of these assets and the estimated
fair value at December 31, 2000.


Interest Expense

     Interest expense was approximately $994,000 for 2000 compared to $146,000
for 1999.
Interest expense in 2000 related primarily to interest on the $10.0
million convertible debenture issued in 2000.
Interest expense in 1999 related
primarily to expense on the conversion of notes payable.


Interest Income

     Interest income was approximately $632,000 for 2000 compared to $404,000
for 1999.
Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on overnight
investments.


Other Income (Expense), Net

     Other income (expense), net was approximately $223,000 of income for 2000
compared to $168,000 of expense for 1999.


Net Loss

     The net loss was $38.0 million for 2000 compared to $41.0 million for 1999
and was attributable to the factors discussed above.


1999 COMPARED TO 1998

     1999 revenues and gross profits increased over 1998 primarily as the result
of the inclusion of the revenues from our acquisitions of Street Technologies
from February 16, 1999 and ViaGrafix from August 23, 1999.
Total operating
expenses increased to $51.5 million from $10.1 million in 1998, and included the
write-off of acquired in-process technology of $24.8 million, fixed and
intangible asset amortization of $3.3 million, restructuring charges of $3.3
million, and non-recurring costs of $300,000.
Net loss including these charges
was $41.0 million in 1999 as compared to $10.6 million in 1998.


REVENUES

LEARNING SERVICES

     Learning Services revenues primarily consist of corporate learning
products, technologies and services sold or distributed through the Internet and
of physical products sold online, to online merchants and through traditional
retail channels through traditional retail channels.
Cost of revenues consists
of the expenses associated with the production and shipment of Learn2's physical
products, costs related to develop custom courses, for specific customers and
content royalties.

     
Revenues increased $10.9 million or 404% over 1998 revenues to $11.7
million in 1999 from $2.7 million in 1998.
In 1998, revenues related primarily
to royalties on licensed technologies related to Learn2's entertainment business
and Web development.
The gross profit for Learning Services was approximately
80.3% of revenues for 1999 and approximately 82.3% of revenues 1998.

     
In 1999, these revenues consisted of approximately $4.0 million of
corporate learning products, technologies and services sold or distributed
through the Internet, approximately $5.5 million of physical learning products
sold online, to online merchants and through traditional retail channels,
approximately $400,000 of software sales related to Learn2's CAD product line,
and advertising and other legacy revenues of approximately $1.7 million.
The
1999 revenues include revenue from the operations acquired in the ViaGrafix
acquisition that relate to Learn2's Learning Services segment from August 23,
1999 and the results from Street Technologies from February 16, 1999.
Gross
profit fluctuated from year to year as a result of differences in the
composition of revenues.


BROADCAST MESSAGING SERVICES

     Broadcast Messaging Services consists primarily of permission e-mail
marketing and tracking services and e-commerce.
Cost of revenues consists of the
expenses associated with the delivery of permission

e-mail and tracking services, including Internet access and personnel related
costs incurred to operate Learn2's marketing and tracking services and cost of
merchandise sold through Learn2's e-commerce operations.

     
Revenues for Broadcast Messaging Services was $1.9 million for 1999 and
were related to Learn2's ViaGrafix acquisition on August 23, 1999.
Broadcast
Messaging Services gross profit was 51.2% of revenues for 1999.
In 1998, there
were no revenues associated with this segment.


OPERATING EXPENSES

Research And Product Development Expenses

     Research and product development expenses were $4.0 million for 1999, as
compared to $2.4 million for 1998.
Research and product development relates to
technology, Website and tutorial development.
The overall increase is
attributable primarily to costs associated with the production and development
of multimedia content.


Sales And Marketing

     Sales and marketing expenses increased $9.9 million, from $600,000 in 1998
to $10.5 million in 1999.
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
salaries, commissions, advertising, trade-show expenses and costs of marketing
materials.
The overall increase was attributable to $6.5 million in costs
related to increased sales and marketing staff to focus on direct and indirect
licensing and sales to corporations, $2.6 million for cooperative, print media
and other product related advertising expenses and $800,000 for promoting the
Learn2 brand.


General And Administrative Expenses

     General and administrative expenses remained unchanged at $5.3 million for
1999 and 1998 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel
related costs, occupancy costs and professional service fees.
The 1999 expenses
relate to the structure of the newly merged companies.
In 1998, expenses
included approximately $1.4 million related to stock grants to two of Learn2's
directors.


Depreciation And Amortization

     Depreciation and amortization expenses were $3.3 million in 1999 and $1.8
million in 1998.
The 1999 expenses included approximately $708,000 of
depreciation on fixed assets, $311,000 of amortization of capitalized content
development, $1.5 million of amortization on goodwill, capitalized software and
intangible assets related to the Street Technologies, Inc. acquisition and
$796,000 of amortization on goodwill and other intangible assets related to the
ViaGrafix acquisition.
The 1998 expenses related primarily to depreciation and
amortization on fixed assets.


Restructuring Charges

     Restructuring charges for 1999 were approximately $3.3 million and were
related to Learn2's business combinations with Street Technologies, Inc. and
ViaGrafix.
The charges were comprised of $1.4 million related to the write-off
of redundant assets, $551,000 related to excess office space and other costs and
$1.4 million in employee severance costs.


Acquired In-Process Technology

     In 1999, in connection with Learn2's acquisitions of Street Technologies,
Inc. and ViaGrafix, Learn2 allocated approximately $9.7 million and $15.1
million, respectively, of the purchase prices to acquired in-process technology.

Accordingly, these costs were expensed as of the respective acquisition dates.

Amounts allocated to acquired in-process technology relate to projects that had
not yet reached technological feasibility and that, until completion of
development, had no alternative future use.
The technologies acquired required
substantial additional development.


Non-Recurring Costs

     During the second quarter of 1999, Learn2's recorded a non-recurring charge
of approximately $277,000 for transaction costs associated with the Panmedia
merger.


Interest Expense

     Interest expense was approximately $146,000 for 1999 compared to $1.8
million in 1998.
Interest expense in 1999 primarily related to expense on the
conversion of notes payable.
Interest expense in 1998 primarily related to
related primarily to debt issuance costs and the accretion of debt discount.


Interest Income

     Interest income was approximately $404,000 for 1999 compared to $335,000 in
1998.
Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on overnight
investments.


Other Income (Expense), Net

     Other income (expense), net was approximately $168,000 of expense compared
to $1.3 million of expense in 1998.
Other expenses in 1998 consisted primarily
of a $1.5 million charge relating to the disposal of assets offset by the
reversal of accrued royalty expense in excess of actual liabilities.


Net Loss

     The net loss was $41.0 million for 1999 compared to $10.6 million for 1998
and was attributable to the factors discussed above.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     On April 19, 2001, Learn2 reached an agreement to merger with E-Stamp.

Assuming satisfaction of certain conditions, including receipt of the requisite
stockholder approval, the merger is expected to be consummated in the third
quarter of 2001.
Completion of the merger is expected to enhance Learn2's
ability to finance its growth as cash flow and capital markets access of the
combined companies will be greater than prior to the merger.
In the event that
the proposed merger with E-Stamp is not consummated, Learn2 believes it will
have sufficient resources for its operating requirements and sufficient
resources to realize its current business plan.

     
Since inception Learn2 has financed its operations primarily through
private placements of equity and debt securities and public offerings of
Learn2's common stock.
To date, Learn2 continues to use cash and operate at a
loss.
Learn2's ability to achieve positive cash flow depends upon a variety of
factors, including the timely introduction and market success of our products,
the costs of developing, producing and marketing these products, adoption of the
Internet as a medium of commerce and delivery of services, and various other
factors, some of which may be beyond Learn2's control.
Learn2 is making a
substantial investment in its business and may need to raise additional funds.

In the event that Learn2 needs to raise additional funds Learn2 may not be
successful nor can it predict the terms under which such funds would be
available.
If additional funds are not available Learn2 may not be able to meet
its on-going expense unless it changes its business plan, sell non-strategic
assets, curtail expenditures, and/or employ other strategies as required in
these circumstances.

     
Net cash used in operating activities was $14.6 million.
Cash used in
operating activities resulted primarily from Learn2's net loss and an overall
decrease in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by increases from
non-cash charges.
Non-cash charges primarily include the impairment of goodwill
and other intangible assets and depreciation and amortization of fixed and
intangible assets.

     
Net cash used in investing activities was $123,000 and consists primarily
of proceeds of $1.6 million from the sale of assets and $902,000 from the sale
of short-term investments, offset by capital expenditures of approximately $2.1
million and capitalized development costs of $602,000.

     
Net cash provided by financing activities was $12.3 million and consists of
proceeds of $10.0 million from the issuance of a convertible debenture (as
described below) and $2.3 million from the issuance of common stock under stock
option plans.
As of December 31, 2000, Learn2 had $4.8 million of cash and cash
equivalents.
As of December 31, 2000, our commitments consisted primarily of
obligations under operating leases.
Learn2 has no material commitments for
capital expenditures.
Additionally, Learn2 will continue to evaluate possible
acquisitions of complementary products and technologies, which may require the
use of cash.

     
On March 10, 2000, Learn2 entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with
RGC International Investors LDC and pursuant thereto it issued a $10.0 million
6% convertible debenture to RGC due March 10, 2003.
The debenture is convertible
at any time at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $0.41 per share
(as reset on March 10, 2001).
In connection with the reset on March 10, 2001,
Learn2 will record additional interest expense as a result of the reduction of
the original conversion price from $6.00 to $0.41 during the first quarter of
2001.
The debenture is subject to anti-dilution provisions.
Under certain
conditions, the debenture automatically converts after one year.
The conversion
price of the debenture may also be reset to the market value of our common stock
on the second anniversary of the convertible debenture if the price of Learn2's
common stock declines below $0.41 on the second anniversary.
In addition, RGC
was granted a five-year warrant to purchase 337,268 shares of Learn2 common
stock exercisable at $7.41 per share.
The value of this warrant has been
recorded as a debt discount and is being amortized over the life of the related
debt.

     
On April 13, 2001, RGC executed a waiver agreeing not to exercise any of
its rights under the debenture to declare an event of default or convert the
debenture with certain exceptions as provided in the waiver; provided that
Learn2 files a registration statement by July 31, 2001 covering the shares of
Learn2 common stock issuable to RGC under the debenture following the reset of
the conversion price of the debenture.
In connection with the merger, E-Stamp,
Learn2 and RGC entered into an agreement dated April 19, 2001 to provide for the
redemption and termination of the debenture upon the consummation of the merger.

Immediately prior to the consummation of the merger, Learn2 will redeem the
debenture (including all outstanding principal and interest thereunder), and RGC
will surrender the debenture, in exchange for, the payment by E-Stamp to RGC of
$1 million and the issuance of approximately 26.4 million shares of Learn2
common stock.


QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR 2000 AND 1999

                                                               THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------
                                           MARCH 31(1)   JUNE 30(1)   
SEPTEMBER 30(1)   DECEMBER 31(1)
                                           -----------   ----------   ---------------   
--------------
                                                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

Revenue..................................    $ 5,447      $ 6,126         $ 5,771          $  4,726
Gross margin.............................      
3,680        4,199           4,330             3,481
Net loss available to common
  stockholders...........................     
(5,849)      (4,994)         (4,007)          (23,140)(2)
Basic and diluted loss per common
  share..................................      (0.11)       (0.09)          (0.07)            (0.44)

                                                             THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                            -----------------------------------------------------
                                            MARCH 31     JUNE 30     SEPTEMBER 30     DECEMBER 31
                                            --------     -------     ------------     -----------

Revenue...................................  $  1,025     $ 1,791       $  3,403         $ 7,348
Gross margin..............................       839       1,351          2,882           5,271
Net loss available to common
  stockholders............................   (13,605)     (2,594)       (19,160)         (5,677)
Basic and diluted loss per common share...     (0.47)      (0.08)         (0.45)          (0.11)

- -------------------------
(1)
In connection with Learn2's adoption of SAB No. 101 effective January 1,
    2000 Learn2 began recording cooperative advertising expenses as a reduction
    of gross revenues.
This change had no effect on previously reported results
    of operations in 1999.
Learn2 has restated its results for the first three

    quarters of the year ended December 31, 2000.
Revenues previously reported
    for the quarters ended March 31, June 30 and September 30 were $6,446,
    $7,084, and $7,053, respectively.


(2) Includes a charge of approximately $17.9 million for the impairment of
    goodwill and other intangible assets in the fourth quarter of 2000.

     
The quarterly earnings per share data above are computed independently for
each of the quarters presented.
As such, the sum of the quarterly per common
share information may not equal the full year amounts due to rounding
differences resulting from changes in the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding.

                
E-STAMP MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     
The following discussion of the financial condition and results of
operations of E-Stamp should be read in conjunction with the E-Stamp's
consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those financial
statements included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
This
document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties.
Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but
not limited to, those set forth under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 13 and
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement-prospectus.


OVERVIEW

     E-Stamp's original business model was to provide an Internet postage
service that enabled users to conveniently purchase, download and print Internet
postage directly from their personal computers without the need to maintain a
persistent Internet connection.
In 2000, E-Stamp substantially changed its focus
to business users.

     
On April 19, 2001, E-Stamp agreed to acquire Learn2.
E-Stamp is in the
process of discontinuing its existing transportation management solutions
business.

     
In May 2000, E-Stamp acquired two logistics companies, Infinity Logistics
Corporation and Automated Logistics Corp.
These companies offered transportation
management and warehouse management solutions to allow enterprise customers to
review carrier rates and shipping options, select a carrier, print shipping
labels, track shipments and create shipping reports.

     
During 2000, E-Stamp undertook two corporate restructurings.
In July 2000,
E-Stamp restructured its organization to focus on the development, marketing and
sales of its transportation management solutions and reduce its emphasis on its
Internet postage business.
In November 2000, E-Stamp restructured the
organization to phase out its Internet postage business.
E-Stamp incurred
charges of approximately $20.3 million related to these restructurings.
In
connection with the phase-out of the Internet postage business, E-Stamp allowed
customers to return certain items purchased since September 1, 2000 for a full
refund.
As a result, it did not recognize revenue on any Internet postage
shipments in the fourth quarter of 2000.

     
E-Stamp has incurred net losses in each quarterly and annual period since
E-Stamp's inception and as of December 31, 2000, E-Stamp had accumulated
aggregate losses of $188.7 million.
The quarter ended September 30, 1999 was the
first quarter in which E-Stamp generated revenues.
Until the acquisition of
Infinity Logistics Corporation and Automated Logistics Corp. in May 2000, all of
its revenues were generated by the Internet postage business.
In November 2000,
E-Stamp announced that it was phasing-out its Internet postage business and
ceased recognizing revenue on Internet postage shipments as of October 1, 2000.

E-Stamp currently generate revenues from the sale of its transportation
management and warehouse management solutions and associated hardware and
software and from maintenance and service contracts.
Revenues from
transportation management and warehouse management solutions are generally
recognized upon shipment of the associated hardware and software.
Revenues from
software license fees are recognized in accordance with AICPA Statement of
Position ("SOP") 97-2 and SOP 98-9 when the software has been delivered,
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, collection is probable, the fee is
fixed or determinable and no significant obligations remain.
When significant
obligations remain after the products are delivered, revenues are recognized
only after these obligations are fulfilled.
Service and maintenance revenues are
recognized ratably over the contractual period or as the services are provided.

Prior to phasing out its Internet postage business, E-Stamp generated revenues
for its Internet postage products from software license fees, ongoing
convenience fees for the purchase of postage over the Internet, and the sale of
ancillary postage supplies and technology license fees.

     
In connection with phasing out the Internet postage business, E-Stamp
allowed customers to return certain items purchased since September 1, 2000 for
a full refund.
Consequently E-Stamp did not

recognize revenues on any Internet postage shipments in the fourth quarter of
2000.
Software license fees for our Internet postage products were amounts paid
by end-users for a perpetual license to our software.
E-Stamp's software package
allowed the end-user to apply for a USPS license.
When E-Stamp was notified that
the USPS had approved the license, E-Stamp shipped a secure Internet postage
storage device, which was necessary for the use of its software, to the
end-user.
Revenues from software license fees were recognized in accordance with
SOP 97-2 and SOP 98-9.
Revenues from software license fees were recognized when
delivery of the secure Internet postage storage device and the software were
complete, when persuasive evidence of an arrangement existed, collection was
probable, the fee was fixed or determinable and no significant obligations
remained.

     
Technology license fees represented revenues earned from original equipment
manufacturers, which incorporated our Internet postage technology into their
product.
Technology license fee revenues were recognized in accordance with SOP
97-2 and SOP 98-9 when the technology had been delivered, persuasive evidence of
an arrangement existed, collection was probable, the fee was fixed or
determinable and no significant obligations remained.
Postage convenience fees
were amounts paid by end-users for the delivery of postage by E-Stamp to the
end-user.
The convenience fees were based on the amount of postage ordered by
the end-user.
Revenues from postage convenience fees were recognized when the
postage was downloaded into the secure postage storage device.
E-Stamp
recognized revenues related to Internet postage supplies when the supplies were
delivered.

     
Revenues recognized during 2000 from arrangements deemed to be nonmonetary
exchange of E-Stamp's products and services totaled approximately $976,000.

Revenues from these exchanges were recorded at the fair value of the products
and services provided or received, whichever was more clearly evident.
There was
no corresponding cost of revenues related to these transactions.
E-Stamp's costs
of revenues for its transportation management and warehouse management solutions
include the costs of manuals, packaging, license fees, hardware costs and
support costs.
The cost of revenues for its Internet postage products, services
and supplies included the costs of manuals, packaging, the postage device,
credit card and electronic funds transfer fees, the address management system,
support costs, fulfillment costs and direct costs from the sale of postage
supplies.
E-Stamp expects to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable
future and may never achieve profitable operations.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2000 COMPARED TO 1999

REVENUES

     
Until E-Stamp's acquisition of Infinity Logistics Corporation and Automated
Logistics Corp. in May 2000, all of E-Stamp's revenues were generated by its
Internet postage products and related technologies.
Revenues for 2000 totaled
$5.3 million as compared to $1.3 million for 1999.
Revenues generated by its
transportation management and warehouse management products were $1.2 million,
or 22% of net product and services revenues for 2000.
Revenues from E-Stamp's
Internet postage products were $4.1 million, or 78% of total net product and
services revenues for 2000.
E-Stamp did not recognize any revenue from its
Internet postage products in the fourth quarter of 2000.


COST OF SALES

     Cost of sales includes costs related to product shipments, including
materials, labor and other direct or allocated costs involved in their
manufacture or delivery.
It also includes cost of customer support services and
technical support.
Cost of sales for 2000 totaled $6.4 million as compared to
$2.4 million for 1999.
The gross loss was primarily attributable to our Internet
postage product line because E-Stamp was not able to achieve sufficient revenue
levels in this product line to cover our costs.
E-Stamp decided to phase out its
Internet postage business in November 2000 and did not recognize any revenue
from its Internet postage products in the fourth quarter of 2000.


OPERATING EXPENSES

Research and Development.

     
Research and development expenses include expenses for the research, design
and development of E-Stamp's two product lines, including expenses such as
salaries and benefits, consulting expenses, and the related facilities,
equipment and information technology costs.
Research and development expenses
increased 30% to $18.2 million for 2000 from $14.0 million for 1999.
The
increase of $4.2 million in 2000 was primarily attributable to increases in
employee and consulting costs and related facilities and equipment expenses.


Sales and Marketing.

     
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising and
promotional expenses, strategic partner marketing and other marketing program
costs.
It also includes expenses such as salaries and benefits, consulting
expenses and related facilities, equipment and information technology costs.

Sales and marketing expenses increased 143% to $54.2 million for 2000 from $22.3
million for 1999.
The increase of $31.9 million in 2000 was primarily
attributable to increased spending on marketing programs, advertising and
promotion as well as to increases in employee and consulting costs and related
facilities and equipment expenses.


General and Administrative.

     
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation for
administrative and executive staff, fees for professional services, facilities
and office expenses, and depreciation and other equipment costs.
General and
administrative expenses increased 11% to $9.3 million for 2000 from $8.4 million
for 1999.
The increase of $0.9 million in 2000 was primarily attributable to
increases in employee costs and related facilities, equipment and information
technology costs.
The increase in spending was partially offset by a reduction
in non-cash stock compensation charges.
The non-cash stock compensation charge
in 1999 was $1.9 million compared to $0.1 million in 2000.


In-process Research and Development.

     
In May 2000, E-Stamp acquired Infinity Logistics Corporation and Automated
Logistics Corp.
These companies provide transportation management solutions that
allow enterprise customers to review carrier rates and shipping options, select
a carrier, print shipping labels, track shipments and create shipping reports.

Based on an independent appraisal, approximately $1.7 million of the purchase
price has been allocated to in-process research and development related to
Infinity Logistics Corporation products that had not yet reached technological
feasibility and had no alternative future use.
This amount was expensed
immediately.
As of the acquisition date, in-process research and development of
Infinity Logistics Corporation and Automated Logistics Corp. consisted of the
development of two products, e-Warehouse, which was 80 percent complete, and
DigitalShipper Enterprise, which was 75 percent complete.

     
The e-Warehouse product was completed and introduced in July 2000 and the
DigitalShipper Enterprise product was completed and introduced in late June
2000.
In March 2001, E-Stamp discontinued offering the e-Warehouse product to
new customers in order to further develop the operability and functionality of
the product.
In valuing the in-process technologies of Infinity Logistics
Corporation and Automated Logistics Corp. at the acquisition date, E-Stamp used
a discounted cash flow analysis based on projected net product and services
revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses and income taxes resulting from
these technologies over a 4-year period.
The projected financial results, which
were discounted using a 25 percent rate, were based on expectations for Infinity
Logistics Corporation and Automated Logistics Corp. on a stand alone basis and
excluded any special synergistic benefits that E-Stamp expected to achieve after
the acquisition.
The revenue projections for the developed technologies, which
considered the release dates of new products, assumed a gradual decline.
The
revenue projections for the in-process research and development were based on
expected trends in technology and timing of new product introductions.


Amortization of Goodwill and Intangible Assets.

     
In May 2000, in connection with E-Stamp's acquisition of Infinity Logistics
Corporation and Automated Logistics Corp., E-Stamp recorded goodwill and
intangible assets totaling approximately $5.8 million.
This amount will be
amortized over two to five years.


Restructuring Costs.

     
During 2000, E-Stamp undertook two corporate restructurings.
In July 2000,
E-Stamp restructured our organization to focus on the development, marketing and
sales of its transportation management solutions and reduce E-Stamp's emphasis
on its Internet postage business.
In November 2000, E-Stamp restructured the
organization to phase out its Internet postage business.
E-Stamp incurred
charges of approximately $20.3 million related to these restructurings.
These
charges included $2.3 million for severance payments and benefits continuation
for terminated employees, $13.3 million for asset write-offs, $2.9 million for
contract terminations, and $1.8 for operations shut-down costs.

Amortization of Deferred Stock Compensation.

     
Amortization of deferred stock compensation was $8.0 million for 2000,
compared to $10.6 million for 1999.
Deferred stock compensation is being
amortized using the graded vesting method.
In 2000, E-Stamp recorded deferred
stock compensation of $1.2 million related to a business combination.
During
2000, E-Stamp reversed approximately $3.9 million of deferred stock compensation
related to unvested stock options that were forfeited upon the employees'
termination of employment.


Amortization of Deferred Distribution Costs.

     Amortization of deferred distribution costs was $2.9 million for 2000,
compared to $0.9 million for 1999.
Deferred distribution costs arose from the
issuance of common stock and warrants in 1999 to investors who signed agreements
to enter into joint venture, joint marketing, cooperation or other technology
agreements for a one year period.
These costs were fully amortized as of
December 31, 2000.


Interest Income, Net

     Interest income, net, consists primarily of interest on our cash and cash
equivalents, net of interest expenses attributable to equipment leases.
Interest
income, net, increased 96% to $3.8 million for 2000 from $1.9 million for 1999.

The increase in interest income, net, was due to increased interest earned as a
result of increased cash balances resulting from our public offering in November
1999.


Income Taxes

     As of December 31, 2000, E-Stamp had federal and state net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately $133.6 million and $80.5 million, respectively.

The net operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in
2005 and through 2020, if not utilized.
Utilization of the net operating loss
carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the
ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar
state provisions.
The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net
operating loss carryforwards before utilization.


1999 COMPARED TO 1998

Revenues

     Revenues for 1999 totaled $1.3 million.
There were no revenues for the year
1998.
Revenues were generated from software license fees, postage convenience
fees and sales of postage supplies.


Cost of Sales

     Cost of sales includes costs related to product shipments, including
materials, labor and other direct or allocated costs involved in their
manufacture or delivery.
It also includes cost of customer support services and
technical support.
Cost of sales for 1999 totaled $2.4 million.
There were no
costs of sales for 1998.


OPERATING EXPENSES

Research and Development

     Research and development expenses include expenses for research, design and
development of our Internet postage product line, expenses related to obtaining
patents from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and server and network
operations.
Research and development expenses increased 150% to $14.0 million
for the year 1999 from $5.6 million for the year 1998.
The increase of $8.4
million in 1999 was primarily attributable to increases in research and
development employee headcount, and consulting and contractor expenses.


Sales and Marketing

     Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and related
benefits for sales and marketing personnel, strategic partner marketing, Web
site development, package design, advertising and promotional expenses, and
tradeshow expenses.
Sales and marketing expenses increased more than eight times
to $22.3 million for 1999 from $2.7 million for 1998.
The increase of $19.6
million in 1999 reflected costs associated with continued development of our
marketing campaigns related to the August 1999 launch of our Internet postage
product line, advertising and strategic partners expenses.
The increase also
reflected increases in E-Stamp's sales and marketing personnel.


General and Administrative

     General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation for
administrative and executive staff, fees for professional services, depreciation
expense and general office expenses.
General and administrative expenses
increased more than four times to $8.4 million for the year 1999 from $1.9
million for the year 1998.
The increase of $6.5 million in 1999 was primarily
related to a one-time non-cash stock compensation charge, increased legal
expenses and increases in administrative staff and other professional services.


Amortization of Deferred Stock Compensation

     Amortization of deferred stock compensation was $10.6 million for 1999,
compared to $0.9 million for 1998.
E-Stamp recorded aggregate deferred stock
compensation of $26.8 million in the period from July 1, 1998 through December
31, 1999 for options awarded to employees with exercise prices below the deemed
fair value for financial reporting purposes of its common stock on their
respective grant dates.


Amortization of Deferred Distribution Costs

     Amortization of deferred distribution costs was $0.9 million for 1999.
In
connection with the issuance of common stock and warrants, E-Stamp and its
investors signed nonbinding letters of intent to negotiate for a period of up to
one year to enter into joint venture, joint marketing, cooperation or technology
development agreements.
The excess of the fair value of the common stock and
warrants over the consideration received was $3.8 million and was recorded as
deferred distribution costs, a contra equity account.


Interest Income, Net

     Interest income, net, consists primarily of interest on E-Stamp's cash and
cash equivalents, net of interest expenses attributable to equipment leases.

Interest income, net, increased more than four times to $1.9 million for 1999
from $0.4 million for 1998.
The increase in interest income, net, was due to

increased interest earned as a result of increased cash balances resulting from
E-Stamp's initial public offering in November 1999.


QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR 2000 AND 1999

     
The following tables set forth E-Stamp's unaudited quarterly supplementary
data for each of the eight quarters in the two-year period ended December 31,
2000.

                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          QUARTER ENDED                     YEAR ENDED
                                         ------------------------------------------------   
-----------
                                         MARCH 31   JUNE 30    SEPTEMBER 30   DECEMBER 31   DECEMBER 31
                                         --------   --------   ------------   -----------   -----------
                                                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


Net product and services revenues......  $     --   $     --     $    358      $    960      $   1,318
Gross loss.............................        --         --         (374)         (704)        (1,078)

Loss from operations...................    
(4,615)    (7,928)     (15,392)      (29,417)       (57,352)
Net loss...............................    (4,511)    (7,856)     (15,219)      (27,824)       (55,410)
Accretion on redeemable convertible
  preferred stock......................      (440)      (736)        (723)         (187)        (2,086)

Net loss attributable to common
  stockholders.........................    (4,951)    (8,592)     (15,942)      (28,011)       (57,496)

Net loss per share, basic and
  diluted..............................  $  (0.35)  $  (0.37)    $  (0.65)     $  (0.81)     $   (3.32)

                                         --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          QUARTER ENDED                     YEAR ENDED
                                         ------------------------------------------------   -----------
                                         MARCH 31   JUNE 30    SEPTEMBER 30   DECEMBER 31   DECEMBER 31
                                         --------   --------   ------------   -----------   -----------
                                                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


Net product and services revenues......  $  1,490   $  1,632     $  1,843      $    372      $   5,337
Gross loss.............................      (389)      (519)         (19)         (132)        (1,059)
Loss from operations...................   (31,093)   (29,299)     (24,414)      (31,824)      (116,630)

Net loss...............................   (29,688)   (28,138)     (23,687)      (31,313)      (112,826)
Net loss per share, basic and
  diluted..............................  $  (0.82)  $  (0.76)    $  (0.63)     $  (0.83)     $   (3.04)

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     E-Stamp has financed its operations primarily through private and public
sales of equity securities.
During 1999, E-Stamp received approximately $28.9
million in private financings and net proceeds of $125.4 million from its
initial public offering.
During 1998, E-Stamp received approximately $16.0
million in private financings

     As of December 31, 2000, E-Stamp had cash, cash equivalents and restricted
cash of approximately $29.0 million.
Net cash used in operating activities
totaled $75.4 million, $48.8 million and $9.6 million for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.
Cash used in operating activities for each
period resulted primarily from net operating losses in those periods partially
offset by non-cash charges.
Net cash used in investing activities totaled $18.7
million, $2.8 million and $0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998.

     
Cash used in investing activities for each period resulted primarily from
the acquisition of capital assets, primarily computer and office equipment.
In
2000, E-Stamp also used $3.0 million of cash for the acquisition of Infinity
Logistics Corporation and Automated Logistics Corp. and $3.8 million for a
certificate of deposit, which is included in restricted cash, to secure payment
of advertising costs with a vendor.
Net cash provided by financing activities
totaled $0.6 million, $160.0 million and $16.0 million for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.
Cash provided by financing activities for 2000
resulted primarily from issuance of common stock and collections on notes
receivable from stockholders.

     
Cash provided by financing activities in 1999 resulted primarily from
issuance of common stock in E-Stamp's initial public offering and issuance of
redeemable convertible preferred stock.
Cash provided by

financing activities in 1998 resulted primarily from the issuance of redeemable
preferred stock.
Aggregate noncancelable commitments under facilities operating
leases total $23.8 million, which run through April 2007.
In addition, aggregate
noncancelable online advertising commitments for E-Stamp's Internet postage
products related to its agreement with eBay, Inc. were approximately $2.5
million as of December 31, 2000 and have been accrued and included in its
restructuring charges for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2000.
E-Stamp has
an outstanding certificate of deposit of $3.8 million securing its payment
obligations to eBay, Inc.
E-Stamp also has outstanding $5.0 million in letters
of credit related to these commitments.
E-Stamp expects to make cash payments in
2001 totaling $5.9 million related to its corporate restructurings.
E-Stamp
believes that its current cash balances and cash flows from operations, if any,
will be sufficient to fund the discontinuation of its business.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue Recognition" ("SAB 101"), which
provides guidance on the recognition, presentation and disclosure of revenue in
financial statements filed with the SEC.
SAB 101 outlines the basic criteria
that must be met to recognize revenue and provides guidance for disclosures
related to revenue recognition policies.
E-Stamp adopted SAB 101 during the
fourth quarter of 2000 and the adoption had no impact on E-Stamp's financial
condition or results of operations.

     
In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities" ("FAS 133").
Learn2 is required to adopt FAS 133 for the
quarter ending March 31, 2001.
FAS 133 establishes methods of accounting for
derivative financial instruments and hedging activities related to those
instruments as well as other hedging activities.
Because E-Stamp currently hold
no derivative financial instruments and do not currently engage in hedging
activities, the adoption of FAS 133 will not have a material impact on E-Stamp's
financial condition or results of operations.

     
In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation -- an Interpretation of APB No. 25" ("FIN 44").
FIN 44 clarifies
the application of APB 25 and, among other issues clarifies the following: the
definition of an employee for purposes of applying APB 25; the criteria for
determining whether a plan qualifies as a non-compensatory plan; the accounting
consequence of various modifications to the terms of the previously fixed stock
options or awards; and the accounting for an exchange of stock compensation
awards in a business combination.
FIN 44 is effective July 1, 2000, but certain
conclusions in FIN 44 cover specific events that occurred after either December
15, 1998 or January 12, 2000.
The application of FIN 44 has not had a material
impact on E-Stamp's financial position or results of operations.

                                
LEARN2 BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

     Learn2 together with its subsidiaries is a Learning Service Provider or LSP
for corporate, government and individual clients and customers.
Learn2's
offerings include engaging online and physical learning and training products
and complementary services.
Learn2 believes its mix of products and services
provides Learn2 with a competitive advantage toward becoming the solutions
provider of choice to Learn2's customers.

     
Learn2's products provide an engaging learning experience to corporate and
individual customers through interactive multimedia and animated tutorials and
courseware.
Learn2's corporate and government customers have access to these
high quality tutorials and additional features such as reporting and
administration through www.Learn2University.com.
Additionally, through
www.Learn2.com, visitors can access Learn2's content that includes tips and
step-by-step instructions on a broad spectrum of skills, activities and tasks,
as well as Learn2's multimedia tutorials.
Learn2's e-learning products are also
available on CD-ROM and video and can be purchased from its Website and major
retailers nationwide.

     
Through Learn2's subsidiary, eTracks.com, Inc., Learn2 provides permission
e-mail marketing and tracking services to customers that have "opt-in" e-mail
customer lists.
eTracks' services include e-mail creation, delivery, tracking
and response analysis for a high volume of client e-mail accounts in a short
period of time.
eTracks has also have developed a proprietary member database of
over approximately 500,000 Internet users who have "opted-in" to receive
promotional e-mails.
eTracks' clients can supplement their internally developed
customer lists with its member database.
In addition, during 2000 and prior,
through periodic e-mails eTracks marketed various electronics and other products
to eTracks' members.
The demand for permission e-mail marketing and tracking
services has increased over the past few years and eTracks expects that the
demand will continue to grow for the foreseeable future.
eTracks believes that
its technology enables more robust and useful tracking capabilities than its
competitors'.

     Learn2's goal is to become the world's leading provider of engaging
e-learning products and services.
To achieve this goal, Learn2 expects to focus
on Learn2's four primary objectives: creating a trusted brand, developing and
owning creative and engaging content, leveraging our patented state-of-the-art
technologies and offering services to meet the needs of its clients.
In 1999,
Learn2 changed its company's name from 7th Level, Inc. to Learn2.com, Inc.
Learn2 made the change to create a single recognized brand that more closely
aligned its corporate identity with its product and service offerings.


HISTORY

     Learn2 was founded in 1993 with the goal of becoming a leading developer
and publisher of interactive entertainment and educational content as well as a
creator of state-of-the-art tools and technologies.
In 1998, Learn2's research
and development activities were focused primarily on developing and enhancing
its agent technology.
In early 1999, Learn2 recognized that appropriate
applications of this technology were in the delivery of training and learning
and therefore Learn2 abandoned its interactive entertainment business and
focused Learn2's efforts on e-learning.

     
In 1999, to strengthen Learn2's position in the e-learning marketplace,
Learn2 acquired three companies that enhanced its brand, content, technologies
and services capabilities: Street Technologies, Inc., a privately held company
that developed and marketed technology-based training solutions delivered over
intranets and the Internet utilizing a patented streaming technology and
provided custom service capabilities; Panmedia Corporation, a privately held
company that produced www.Learn2.com, a popular Website that offered
step-by-step instructions on skills, activities and tasks; and ViaGrafix
Corporation, a publicly traded company which developed, produced and marketed
technology-based training tutorials delivered on CD-ROMs and video tapes as well
as computer aided design or CAD software.
The CAD product line was sold in March
2000.
Through eTracks, ViaGrafix also provided permission e-mail broadcast
solutions and conducted e-commerce.
These acquisitions provided Learn2 with the
Learn2.com brand, and a stronger mix of content, technologies and service
offerings.


MARKETPLACE

     Learn2 provides e-learning solutions for corporate, government and
non-profit markets as well as individuals.
According to W.R. Hambrecht & Co.,
corporate e-learning is one of the fastest growing and most promising markets in
the education industry.
They expect the online training market to nearly double
in size annually through 2003, to approximately $11.5 billion.
International
Data Corporation projects similar growth rates for the market.
Training Magazine
estimated that domestic corporations with over 100 employees budgeted
approximately $62.5 billion on training, of which approximately 24% was
outsourced.
Additionally, Training Magazine estimates that classroom,
instructor-led training represented 73% of the total training delivery market,
whereas Web-based training represented 14% of the market.
The remaining 13% was
composed primarily of self-study programs that use books, manuals, videotapes,
or audiocassettes.
W.R. Hambrecht & Co. estimates that the continuing education
market in 1999 was $12 billion and the existing education and training
marketplace, including K-12, higher education and corporate training, in the
U.S. alone, is a $722 billion-a-year industry.

     
The permission e-mail marketing and tracking industry is in its early
stages of development.
Learn2 believes that the industry will evolve over the
next few years as e-mail marketing becomes even more widely used and e-mail
marketers and Web advertisers require more information about the behavior of
their permission e-mail recipients and Website visitors.
The permission e-mail
market is becoming increasingly competitive.
Participants compete primarily in
the following areas: reporting and tracking capabilities, customer service,
brand recognition, ease of implementation, time-to-market of a campaign and
price.


COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS

     Our competitive strengths can be categorized as follows:

     - Having a trusted brand.

     - Owning and creating engaging content.

     
- Owning proprietary and patented technologies.

     - Offering comprehensive services.

     - Expanding and maintaining Learn2's broad distribution network.


The Learn2 Brand

     Learn2 is a leading brand in the e-learning marketplace.
More than 4.0
million users visited www.Learn2.com in the fourth quarter of 2000.
The site has
been named "#1 Most Incredibly Useful Site" by Yahoo Internet Life, the "#1
Distance Learning Site" by Lycos and a "Yahoo! Pick of the Ages."
The Learn2
logo is distributed through our advertising and is prominently displayed on our
physical product offerings on shelves in major national and regional retail
outlets.


Learn2 Content

     Learn2 owns over 80% of the training and learning content which it markets.

Learn2's library of courses and tutorials covers a wide range of topics in an
engaging and interactive manner.
Developing and owning content provides Learn2
with a strategic advantage by:

     - Allowing for increased gross profit.

     - Providing consistent appearance and quality.

     - Limiting reliance on third-party content providers.

     - Allowing Learn2 to market products for resale under its brand.

     
Learn2 currently markets hundreds of titles in five broad categories:
personal computer applications, information technology certification
preparation, computer programming, "soft skills," and safety.
In addition Learn2
provides instruction in thousands of "life skills" topics for Learn2's Website
visitors.

     
- Personal Computer Applications -- Learn2 sells courses that enable people
       to learn to use software applications such as Microsoft Excel, Microsoft
       Word, Microsoft Windows, Linux, Lotus 123, Corel WordPerfect, Netscape
       Navigator, Intuit Quicken, Interact Commerce Corporation Act!
and other
       popular titles.

     - Information Technology Certification Preparation -- Learn2 sells courses
       to help people prepare to become certified as Microsoft Certified
       Solutions Engineers (MCSE), Microsoft Office Users Specialists (MOUS),
       Sun Java Programmers and to take the A+ Technician Examination.

     
- Computer Programming -- Learn2 sells courses that enable people to learn
       to program using, Microsoft Visual C++, Microsoft Visual Basic, HTML,
       Java and other programming languages.

     - Soft Skills -- Learn2 sells courses that enable people to learn about
       workplace-related topics such as Time Management, Sexual Harassment in
       the Workplace, Interviewing Techniques and others.

     - Safety -- Learn2 sells an online version of the National Safety Council's
       Defensive Driving Course.
Graduates of the course receive a certificate
       that can, in certain instances, be used to reduce auto insurance rates.

     - Life Skills -- Learn2 offers instruction on topics in the following
       channels: arts and crafts, automotive, business and money, family and
       pets, food and drink, health and fitness, home and garden, recreation,
       style and grace, technology, travel and writing and speech.
Examples
       include: Learn2 Tie a Necktie, Learn2 Write a Business Plan, Learn2
       Perform the Heimlich Maneuver, Learn2 Childproof your home as well as
       thousands of others.

     
Learn2 develops its content to be engaging and interactive.
Learn2 uses
well-researched facts, conversational narrative and multimedia to create a
learning environment that keeps the attention of its users resulting in improved
comprehension and retention.


Learn2 Technologies

     Learn2 owns unique, patented, proprietary technologies that allow it to
develop engaging, multimedia, technology-based tutorials and courses.
Learn2's
content is deliverable over any network, including the Internet; at modem
connections as slow as 28.8.

     
Learn2 develops and use the following technologies to create integrated
e-learning solutions for Learn2's customers:

     - StreamMaker(TM)

     - LearningAgent(TM)

     StreamMaker -- Learn2's rapid development authoring tool utilizes patented
technologies to produce fully synchronized, interactive, CD-ROM quality
multimedia streams that can be delivered through computer network connections,
including 28.8 modem connections, without download delays or network congestion.

StreamMaker produces multimedia streams that can be viewed using both Microsoft
Windows and Macintosh operating systems.
The following benefits of StreamMaker
provide Learn2 with a competitive strategic advantage:

     - A proprietary method for graphics compression, enabling Learn2's screen
       captures to appear clearly and realistically.

     - A patented technology that ensures that the elements of a multimedia
       production including audio, graphics, animation, video and text are
       synchronized.

     -
The ability to develop interactive streams, which allow users to assess
       their understanding of a concept during the learning experience.

     - A design that facilitates integration with other technologies.

     - A platform that enables multiple users to collaborate on the same project
       simultaneously.

     LearningAgents -- Learn2's customizable, animated LearningAgents use a
patented technology that allows users to create quickly, personalized animated
messages to communicate a "call to action" in e-learning and other environments.

The quality and impact of the experience exceeds that which would be experienced
using other technologies.
No special programming skills are necessary.
Users can
program interactivity to link the characters to Web pages and applications.

Using LearningAgents, Learn2 creates for its customers an engaging e-learning
environment that results in increased comprehension and retention.


Learn2 Services

     Learn2 leverages its technologies and resources to provide Learn2's
customers with engaging, multimedia e-learning solutions.
Learn2 works with them
to create custom solutions based upon their specific needs and corporate
objectives.
The result is Web-enabled, multimedia content that is hosted on
Learn2's servers and delivered and tracked through the Learn2University learning
management system or LMS.
Learn2's customers, by outsourcing a portion or all of
their training and learning requirements to Learn2, benefit from a custom
approach to their e-learning needs, without having to develop and support human
and technology resources for that purpose.


Learn2 Distribution Network

     Learn2's products are available from retailers, catalogs, on the Internet,
through its direct sales force and through resellers and distributors.
This
multi-channel approach to product distribution creates a broad market for
Learn2's products, giving Learn2 a competitive advantage.

     - Retailers -- Our CD-ROM and videotape tutorials are available from
       Staples, CompUSA, Office Max, Best Buy, Frys and other major merchants.

     - Catalogs -- Learn2's CD-ROM and videotape tutorials are available in
       major catalogs such as the Radio Shack and Tiger Direct catalogs and
       through Learn2's own catalog.

     - Internet -- Learn2 markets its CD-ROM, videotape and online tutorials at
       www.Learn2.com, America Online and other Websites.

     - Direct Sales Force -- Learn2's direct sales force, located strategically
       throughout the United States, is focused on sales to Fortune 1000
       companies and government agencies.

     - Resellers and Distributors -- Learn2's resellers, including Compaq, IBM,
       and Riverside Publishing market Learn2's branded tutorials individually
       or as value-added components of their solutions.
Learn2's distributors,
       including Navarre and Ingram, sell Learn2's products to major retailers
       and other resellers.

     
As one of the first permission e-mail marketing and tracking companies,
eTracks has managed hundreds of permission e-mail campaigns.
eTracks is able to
send over five million unique e-mail messages per day and expect to more than
double capacity this year.
eTracks proprietary mail transfer agent technology
allows for extensive data mining, broadcasting and tracking, and real-time
reporting.
eTracks owns substantially all of its mail transfer agent and
Adaptive Proxy, or AP tracking(TM) technologies.
AP tracking utilizes
noninvasive technology, provides tracking and logging information and analysis
that can cross application and server boundaries without requiring eTracks'
clients to modify their HTML code or place cookies on a user's hard drive, which
is something that other technologies cannot do efficiently.


PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Products and Services for Corporations and Government Agencies

     Learn2University(TM) --
Learn2University is an interactive, asynchronous
LMS that Learn2 maintains for its customers.
It includes tutorials,
administration, reporting and e-commerce capabilities, providing a cost
effective, value added service that is generally superior to that which an
organization can deliver on its own.
Learn2University allows for corporate and
government customers and their employees to tailor to their individual needs.

Learn2's customers pay Learn2 based on the specific tutorials, number of
tutorials and number of users they choose.
Learn2University enables users to
practice and test skills as they learn, utilizing simulation technologies that
allow them to practice many of the concepts introduced.
Upon completion of each
tutorial, users can print a completion certificate indicating that they have
successfully met all the requirements of the tutorial.
The solution features
interactive, self-paced tutorials for Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office, Java
and hundreds other titles.
Learn2 has licensed Learn2University to companies and
organizations including U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs, Microsoft -- Great Plains, Honeywell and Anheuser-Busch.

     
Learn2 LearningAgents(TM) -- Learn2 licenses LearningAgent software to
customers meeting its profile criteria who wish to create personalized animated
messages to communicate a "call to action" in e-learning and other environments
quickly and easily.
Learn2's customers have the option of contracting for
maintenance plans, which entitle them to product support and updates.
Learn2 has
licensed LearningAgents to companies including Canon, Compaq and Accel
Healthcare.

     
StreamMaker -- StreamMaker is a rapid-development authoring tool that
allows for the creation of streamed e-learning content.
StreamMaker utilizes
patented technology to produce fully synchronized, interactive, CD-ROM-quality
multimedia streams that can be delivered through the Internet and intranets.

     
Learn2 SmartCard(TM) --
The Learn2 SmartCard provides a physical link to
e-learning.
The card, which is sized to fit in a standard wallet, provides users
with the information they need to access Learn2's courseware.
Each SmartCard
includes an encoded serial number and unique URL, which represents a specific
Learn2 online courseware library and enables access to the courseware at the
office, at home, or on the road.
Compaq has deployed the SmartCard in its
Presario line of computers sold to Radio Shack.

     
Custom Courseware -- Learn2 incorporates StreamMaker and LearningAgent
technologies into custom courseware.
Learn2 uses StreamMaker to produce fully
synchronized, interactive, CD-ROM-quality multimedia streams that can be
delivered through the Internet and intranets.
Learn2's embedded LearningAgent
provides an interactive, audio-visual dialog with users, by guiding them through
key concepts and facilitating learning through interaction.
It is designed to
emulate an instructor, by giving personalized help.


Products and Services for Individuals

     Tutorials -- Through the Learn2.com Website, retailers and catalogs, Learn2
markets interactive multimedia tutorials, including desktop application
software, computer programming, life skills, and language courses to consumers,
students, and work-at-home professionals.
Learn2's tutorials are packaged for
individuals as single titles and in suites or libraries of related content.

Learn2's individual customers can purchase these tutorials on physical digital
media (CD-ROMs or videotapes); or they can access the tutorials from Learn2's
Website for a specified period time.


Products and Services Related to Permission e-Mail

     Permission e-mail services -- eTracks offers list development and
refinement, e-mail creation, broadcasting, tracking and reporting.
We charge for
this service on a cost per thousand, or CPM, basis.

     
List rental -- eTracks e-mail addresses, which we have collected with the
permission of address holders to our partners.
eTracks charges for this service
on a CPM basis.

     
Tracking services -- eTracks offers its AP tracking service to customers
who do not use its broadcast e-mail services.


BUSINESS STRATEGY AND STRATEGIC DIRECTION

     Learn2's goal is to become the world's leading provider of e-learning
solutions.
Learn2's mission is to provide its customers, including corporations,
government agencies, educational organizations and individuals with a complete
engaging, e-learning solution.
To achieve this goal, Learn2 expects to promote
Learn2's brand, expand Learn2's content offerings, improve Learn2's
technologies, improve and expand Learn2's service offerings and expand Learn2's
distribution.


Increase Brand Awareness In Learn2's Target Markets

     Learn2 intends to solidify Learn2's position as a leading provider of
e-learning products and services by increasing Learn2's brand name recognition
in Learn2's target markets.
Learn2 intends to use advertising, public relations
and marketing programs to promote its brand and build loyalty among businesses,
government agencies and individual customers.


Expand Learn2's Content Offerings

     Learn2 intends to introduce new tutorials and expand its product offerings
into new markets.
Learn2 will modify content developed for existing customers in
order to provide similar tutorials to customers in different industries.
This
approach allows Learn2 to generate additional revenue opportunities while
leveraging previous tutorial development efforts.

     
Learn2 is pursuing relationships with specialized publishers and content
providers to develop tutorials directed toward new markets.
For example, Learn2
plans to develop certification, licensing and continuing education tutorials for
professionals in areas such as finance, law and accounting.


Enhance Learn2's Technologies

     Learn2 will continue to invest in its technologies in order to remain on
the cutting edge of multimedia, engaging e-learning solutions and permission
e-mail services.


Develop Long-Term Strategic Relationships With Learn2's Customers

     Learn2 plans to extend its presence within its customers' enterprises by
helping them to understand the value and applicability of its solutions to a
broad range of operational initiatives.
In addition, Learn2 will continue to
develop new e-learning solutions that are aligned with its customers' evolving
business objectives.


Leverage Development Alliances And Reseller Relationships

     Learn2 plans to grow both its direct and indirect sales channels to expand
within its existing markets and penetrate new ones.


Expand Learn2's International Presence

     As the rate of Internet adoption accelerates abroad, Learn2 believes that
significant international market demand will exist for e-learning solutions.

Learn2 currently has distributors or resellers in Africa, Brazil, Ireland, South
Korea, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.


SUPPLIERS

     Learn2 currently has relationships with several content providers.
However,
as an owner of over 80% of our content, Learn2 is not reliant upon any outside
content providers.
Learn2 may increase the number of content providers in the
future to broaden the scope of Learn2's subject matter.


CUSTOMERS

     None of Learn2's customers individually accounted for more than 10% of
Learn2's net revenues in 2000.
The following is a representative list of
Learn2's customers:

        America Online
        Canon
        Compaq
        Honeywell
        IBM
        Interact Commerce Corporation
        Microsoft -- Great Plains
        Staples
        U.S. Department of Labor

COMPETITION

E-Learning and Training

     Learn2 provides e-learning solutions for corporate, government and
non-profit markets as well as to individuals.
The e-learning market is evolving.

The market is fragmented and competitive, with no dominant players.
Learn2's
competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the products and
services they offer.
Some of Learn2's competitors have greater financial
resources than Learn2's has.
Learn2 anticipates that new competitors will enter
the market, increasing the level of competition.
Learn2 believes that the
principal competitive factors in Learn2's market include:

     - Reputation and brand recognition

     - Breadth, depth and quality of content.

     - Technology

     - Services

     - Distribution

     Learn2's competition from a variety of sources, including:

     - "Instructor-led" training companies including IBM, New Horizons and
       Productivity Point International.

     - Corporate training departments.

     - Other e-learning companies including Click2Learn.com, Digital Think,
       Element K, SmartForce, and SkillSoft.

     - Vendors offering computer-based and videotape tutorials including NETg,
       Microsoft Press, Keystone and Video Professor.

     - Book publishers including Hungry Minds, McGraw Hill and Pearson.

Multimedia Streaming and Agent Technologies

     The three most prominent providers of multimedia streaming technologies are
Macromedia, Microsoft Corporation and RealNetworks Inc.
StreamMaker is different
than other multimedia streaming technologies because Learn2 engineered it
specifically for use in training and e-learning applications.
However, these
other companies have substantial resources.


Permission E-mail Marketing Services

     eTracks' competitors in the permission e-mail marketing and tracking arena
include providers of e-mail based services such as: Double Click, MessageMedia,
Exactis, Responsys.com, Digital Impact, and DeliverE.
The majority of these
companies operate with greater financial resources than eTracks does.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND LICENSES

     Learn2's success and ability to compete effectively will depend, in part,
on its ability to protect Learn2's intellectual property.
Learn2 relies
primarily on a combination of statutory and common law copyright, trademark and
trade secret laws, customer licensing agreements, employee and third-party
nondisclosure agreements and other methods to protect Learn2's proprietary
rights.
Learn2 has received patents that are important in the operation of our
business.
These patents may not be broad enough to protect Learn2's rights.

     
Learn2 generally requires the execution of a license agreement that
restricts copying and use of Learn2's products.
In addition, Learn2 has
agreements with resellers and customers that require the other party to pay
Learn2 royalties based on sales or use of Learn2's products.
Learn2 may not be
compensated properly if those sales or uses are not reported to Learn2.
If
unauthorized copying or misuse of Learn2's products were to occur to any
substantial degree, then Learn2's business could be affected materially and
adversely.
It may be possible for a third-party to copy or otherwise obtain and
use Learn2's tutorials or technologies without authorization, or to develop
similar tutorials or technologies independently.

     
Learn2 uses employee and third-party confidentiality and non-disclosure
agreements to protect Learn2's trade secrets and unpatented know-how.
Learn2
requires its employees to assign to Learn2 all rights in any proprietary
information or technology made or contributed by the employee during his or her
employment with Learn2.
In addition, Learn2 regularly enter into non-disclosure
agreements with third parties including consultants, potential strategic
partners and customers.
Unfortunately, these agreements cannot guarantee the
confidentiality of Learn2's trade secrets or unpatented know-how, nor can they
prevent third parties from independently developing substantially equivalent
proprietary information or copying, developing, or otherwise obtaining and using
Learn2's proprietary information without authorization.

     
Learn2 may resort to litigation to enforce its intellectual property
rights, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or
defend itself against claims of infringement or invalidity by others.
While
Learn2 is not currently engaged in any intellectual property litigation or
proceedings, Learn2 may be in the future.
An adverse outcome in a litigation or
similar proceeding could subject Learn2 to significant liabilities to third
parties, require disputed rights to be licensed from others, or require Learn2
to cease marketing or using certain products or services.
The cost of addressing
any intellectual property litigation, both in legal fees and the diversion of
management resources, regardless of whether the claim is valid, could be
significant.

     
Third parties may claim that Learn2's current or future products infringe
on their proprietary rights.
Learn2 may be subject to these claims as the number
of products and competitors in the education and training industry grows and the
functionality of products in the marketplace overlap.
Any of these claims, with
or without merit, could result in costly litigation or might require Learn2 to
enter into royalty or licensing agreements.
These royalty or license agreements,
if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to Learn2, if at all.


EMPLOYEES

     As of April 10, 2001 Learn2 had a total of 138 full-time employees, of whom
64 were engaged in research and product development, 54 in sales and marketing
and 20 in general and administrative functions.
Substantially all of the
employees work in Learn2's offices in Pryor, Oklahoma, Belmont, California,
Golden, Colorado or White Plains, New York.
None of Learn2's employees are
subject to a

collective bargaining agreement and Learn2 has not experienced any work
stoppages.
Learn2 believes that its relationship with its employees is good.


PROPERTIES

     Learn2 maintains facilities and offices at the following locations:

                                                                   LEASE
                                                       SQUARE    EXPIRATION     LEASE RENEWAL
        LOCATION                   PURPOSE              FEET        DATE            OPTION
        --------          
-------------------------    ------    ----------    
----------------

White Plains, New         Headquarters Office          12,000    12/31/04      
One 5 year-term
  York..................
Pryor, Oklahoma.........  
Marketing, Production and    89,000       N/A              N/A
                          Product Development
Golden, Colorado........  
Research and Development      8,521    04/06/03            N/A
                          and Production
Belmont, California.....  Office                        7,788    04/30/04      Two 5 year-terms

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Learn2 is involved in certain legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary
course of its business.
Learn2 is contesting vigorously all such matters and
believe that their ultimate resolution will not have a materially adverse effect
on Learn2's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

                                
E-STAMP BUSINESS

     On April 19, 2001, E-Stamp agreed to acquire Learn2 by way of merger
pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated as of April 19, 2001.
In
connection with the proposed merger, E-Stamp is discontinuing its existing
transportation management solutions business.
Following the completion of the
merger, E-Stamp intends to conduct the business of Learn2, which is described
above under the heading "Learn2 Business."

     
Prior to E-Stamp's decision to discontinue its transportation management
solutions business, E-Stamp provided transportation management solutions to a
wide range of customers, including retailers, manufacturers and distributors.

E-Stamp's solutions automated the operation of shipping and distribution centers
by allowing customers to compare multiple shipping carrier rates, print shipping
manifests and shipping carrier labels, and track shipment status.
E-Stamp sold
its solutions primarily through a direct sales force.
E-Stamp also offered
client evaluation, software products and professional consulting services.
As
indicated above, E-Stamp is in the process of discontinuing its transportation
management solutions business.
In connection with the discontinuance of
E-Stamp's transportation management solutions business, E-Stamp determined that
certain of its long-lived assets, including property and equipment, goodwill and
other intangible assets, were impaired.
E-Stamp incurred a charge of $5.7
million for impairment of long-lived assets in the quarter ended March 31, 2001.

     
During 2000, E-Stamp provided an Internet postage service that enabled
users to purchase, download and print Internet postage directly from their
personal computers without the need to maintain a persistent Internet
connection.
During 2000, E-Stamp undertook two corporate restructurings.
In July
2000, E-Stamp restructured its organization to focus on the development,
marketing and sales of its transportation management solutions and reduce its
emphasis on its Internet postage business.
In November 2000, E-Stamp
restructured the organization to phase out its Internet postage business.

E-Stamp incurred charges of approximately $20.3 million related to these
restructurings.


HISTORY

     Prior to September 1996, E-Stamp conducted operations as Post N Mail,
L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company formed in April 1994.
From April 1994
until the September 1996 merger with E-Stamp, Post N Mail engaged in discussions
with the U.S. Postal Service regarding non-traditional postal services and, as
use of the Internet became more prevalent, focused on the development of its
Internet postage service.
In September 1996, Post N Mail was merged into E-Stamp
Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
Following the merger, E-Stamp continued to
develop its Internet postage service.
E-Stamp entered the U.S. Postal Service's
three-phase beta test certification process in March 1998 and received final
U.S. Postal Service approval for E-Stamp's Internet postage service on August 9,
1999.

     
In May 2000, E-Stamp acquired Infinity Logistics Corporation, a provider of
a Web-enabled warehouse management solutions, and Automated Logistics Corp., a
provider of transportation management solutions.
The total purchase price was
$9.0 million and consisted of a combination of cash, stock and assumed
liabilities.
The transaction was accounted for as a purchase and, accordingly,
Infinity Logistics Corporation and Automated Logistics Corp.'s results of
operations have been included in E-Stamp's results of operations from May 23,
2000, which was the date of acquisition.

     
In November 2000, E-Stamp announced the phase-out of its Internet postage
product line to enable E-Stamp to focus on E-Stamp transportation management
solutions.
As part of the transition, E-Stamp reduced its workforce by
approximately 30%, deploying the remaining organization and resources toward the
development, marketing and sale of its transportation management solutions.

E-Stamp discontinued its Internet postage service on December 31, 2000, and
accepted eligible product returns and requests for postage refunds that were
postmarked by February 28, 2001.

     
On April 19, 2001, E-Stamp agreed to acquire Learn2 pursuant to an
agreement and plan of merger dated as of April 19, 2001.
E-Stamp is in the
process of discontinuing its existing transportation

management solutions business.
Following the completion of the merger, E-Stamp
intends to conduct the business of Learn2, which is described above under the
heading "Learn2 Business.
"

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

     Prior to E-Stamp's decision to discontinue its transportation management
solutions business, E-Stamp's products included DigitalShipper Enterprise, a
transportation management solution, and e-Receive, a receiving solution, which
were based on software licensed from Kewill Electronic Commerce and its
proprietary user interface software.
DigitalShipper Enterprise was a
multi-carrier, integrated transportation management solution, targeted at large-
and medium-sized companies.
It allowed a customer to compare rates and services
for all of the major small package and freight carriers, review carrier rates
and shipping options, select a carrier, print shipping labels, track shipments
and create shipping reports from one system.
e-Receive was an internal receiving
and delivery system for enterprises that use a portable data collection device
to track incoming packages and documents.


PROFESSIONAL SERVICES

     Prior to E-Stamp's decision to discontinue its transportation management
solutions business, E-Stamp's professional services group provided its customers
with expertise and assistance in planning and implementing E-Stamp's solutions.

E-Stamp also provided system upgrades to those customers who purchased E-Stamp's
maintenance and support services.
In connection with the discontinuance of
E-Stamp's transportation management solutions business, E-Stamp intends to
transfer its maintenance and support contracts to a third party provider.


SUPPORT AND SOFTWARE UPGRADES

     Prior to E-Stamp's decision to discontinue its transportation management
solutions business, E-Stamp offered its customers software upgrades providing
increased functionality and technological advances incorporating emerging supply
chain execution, transportation management and other industry initiatives.
As of
December 31, 2000, a majority of E-Stamp's customers were participating in its
support and upgrade program.
In connection with the discontinuance of its
transportation management solutions business, E-Stamp intends to transfer its
maintenance and support contracts to a third party provider.


PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

     Prior to E-Stamp's decision to discontinue its transportation management
solutions business, E-Stamp's development efforts were focused on improving the
functionality, performance and quality of its existing products.
E-Stamp's
research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999
and 2000 were $5.6 million, $14.0 million and $18.2 million, respectively.
In
connection with the discontinuance of E-Stamp's transportation management
solutions business, E-Stamp has ceased further product development efforts.


COMPETITION

     The supply chain execution market, which includes transportation management
systems, is highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change.

The principal competitive factors in the supply chain software markets are
product features, functionality, architecture and quality, product suite
integration, ease and speed of implementation, customer service and
satisfaction, vendor and production reputation, product price and support,
product related services, and compliance with industry standards and
requirements.
E-Stamp's competitors included iShip, Tan Data, Kewill, Federal
Express, UPS, Neopost, Manhattan Associates, Inc., Manugistics Group, Inc., EXE
Technologies, Inc., Optum Inc. and McHugh Software International, Inc., as well
as smaller independent companies that offer software solutions that compete with
E-Stamp's software solution.


SALES AND MARKETING

     Prior to E-Stamp's decision to discontinue its transportation management
solutions business, E-Stamp generated substantially all of its transportation
management and warehouse management product revenues through our direct sales
force.
E-Stamp's marketing programs included advertising, public relations,
trade shows, joint programs with vendors and customer communication programs.
In
connection with the discontinuance of its transportation management solutions
business, E-Stamp is no longer pursuing new customers.


CUSTOMERS

     Prior to E-Stamp's decision to discontinue its transportation management
solutions business, E-Stamps provided transportation management and warehouse
management systems to small and medium-sized companies, as well as retailers,
manufacturers, warehouses and distribution centers.
Some of its customers
included SanDisk Corporation, iPrint and the California Department of Forestry,
as well as divisions of larger companies, such as Oracle and Sony Music.
In
connection with the discontinuance of its transportation management solutions
business, E-Stamp is no longer pursuing new customers.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     In April 2001, E-Stamp sold all of its patents, and all trademarks and
domain names related to its Internet postage business, to Stamps.com for $7.5
million.


EMPLOYEES

     As of March 31, 2001, E-Stamp employed 30 full-time employees.
From time to
time, E-Stamp employed independent contractors to support its research and
development, marketing, sales and support and administrative organizations.
None
of its employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement, and
E-Stamp has never experienced a work stoppage.
E-Stamp believes its relations
with its employees are good.


PROPERTIES

     E-Stamp's headquarters are currently located in a leased facility in
Mountain View, California, consisting of approximately 92,300 square feet.
The
lease expires in April 2007.
E-Stamp currently utilizes less than one-half of
the leased facility.
In connection with E-Stamp's decision to discontinue its
transportation management solutions business, E-Stamp intends to either
terminate its lease or assign its lease to a third party.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     On June 10, 1999, Pitney Bowes filed suit against E-Stamp in the U.S.
District Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of Pitney
Bowes' patents.
The suit alleges that E-Stamp is infringing seven patents held
by Pitney Bowes related to postage application systems and seeks treble damages,
a preliminary and permanent injunction from further alleged infringement,
attorneys fees and other unspecified damages.
On July 30, 1999, E-Stamp filed
its answer to Pitney Bowes complaint in which E-Stamp denied all allegations of
patent infringement and assert affirmative and other defenses based on statutory
and common law grounds, including inequitable conduct on the part of Pitney
Bowes in its procurement of patents in proceedings before the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office.
As part of the answer, E-Stamp also brought various
counterclaims against Pitney Bowes claiming Pitney Bowes violation of Section 2
of the Sherman Act and intentional and tortious interference with its business
relations based, in part, upon E-Stamp's allegations that Pitney Bowes has
unlawfully maintained its monopoly power in the postage metering market through
a scheme to defraud the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and its efforts to
discourage potential investors and businesses from investing and entering into
agreements with us.
The E-Stamp suit seeks compensatory and treble damages,
injunctive relief and recovery of attorneys fees.
On September 21, 1999, Pitney
Bowes filed a motion to strike or dismiss certain of its affirmative

defenses and counterclaims or, in the alternative, to bifurcate discovery and
trial of those counterclaims.
On July 28, 2000 the U.S. District Court for the
District of Delaware granted Pitney Bowes' motion to bifurcate discovery and
trial of certain of our defenses and counterclaims.
On April 14, 2000, Pitney
Bowes filed a motion to amend their original complaint seeking to assert one
additional patent held by Pitney Bowes and to remove one of the seven originally
asserted patents held by Pitney Bowes.
On July 28, 2000, the U.S. District Court
for the District of Delaware granted Pitney Bowes' motion to amend.
E-Stamp is
continuing to investigate the claims against us as well as infringement by
Pitney Bowes of our patents, and may assert additional defenses or pursue
additional counterclaims or independent claims against Pitney Bowes in the
future.

     
On March 16, 2001, a plaintiff filed a purported consumer class action suit
against E-Stamp in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Kings.

The suit alleges that E-Stamp breached its contracts with the plaintiff and
other customers.
The plaintiff seeks compensatory damages and disgorgement of
monies received in connection with the sale of Internet postage products.

E-Stamp is currently investigating the claims against it and intends to
vigorously defend this action.
Pendency of the these legal proceedings can be
expected to result in expenses to E-Stamp and the diversion of management time
and other resources.

                               
LEARN2 MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

     The following table sets forth Learn2's executive officers' and directors'
ages and positions as of April 11, 2001:

                NAME                   AGE                       POSITION
                ----                   ---                       --------

Donald Schupak(1)....................  
58     Director and Chairman of the Board of
                                              Directors
Stephen P. Gott(1)...................  52     President, Chief Executive Officer and
                                              Director
Marc E. Landy........................  40     Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
                                              Officer and Secretary
Robert Alan Ezrin(2)(3)..............  51     Director
James A. Cannavino(1)(2)(3)..........  56     Director
S. Lee Kling(2)......................  72     Director

- ---------------
(1) Member of Executive Committee.


(2) Member of Audit Committee.


(3) Member of Compensation Committee.

     
Executive officers are appointed by the board of directors each year and
serve at the discretion of the board of directors.
Directors are elected each
year at the annual meeting of stockholders.

     
Biographies of the executive officers and directors of Learn2 are provided
on pages 30 and 69.


MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     
The description of the meetings and committees of Learn2's board of
directors are provided on page 31.


EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS AND TERMINATION AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS

     Stephen P. Gott's employment agreement is described on page 115.

     
Learn2 entered into an Employment Agreement, dated as of February 16, 1999,
employing Marc E. Landy as its Chief Financial Officer.
We entered into an
Amendment to the employment agreement on April 18, 2001, which extended the term
to February 16, 2002, subject to earlier termination for death, disability,
resignation or removal.
Mr. Landy's annual base salary is $175,000.
In the event
of a "Change of Control" (as defined in the employment agreement), the stock
options shall vest immediately.
If Mr. Landy resigns his employment for "Good
Reason" (as defined in the employment agreement), if the Corporation terminates
his employment without "Cause" (as defined in the employment agreement), or if
the Corporation elects not to extend the term of Mr. Landy's employment, Mr.
Landy will be entitled to (1) receive, in a lump sum, an amount equal to one
year's base salary, (2) become immediately and fully vested in all stock options
granted prior to March 1, 2001, (3) with respect to fully vested options, the
privilege of exercising the unexercised portion of such options upon the later
of (x) one year from the effective date of his termination or (y) thirty days
from the expiration of any restriction on the sale, transfer or other
disposition of the shares of common stock underlying the options, and (4)
receive an amount equal to the higher of (x) any bonus or incentive compensation
he earned or received with respect to the prior fiscal year or (y) $40,000.
Mr.
Landy's employment agreement also contains confidentiality, non-competition and
indemnification provisions.


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The following table summarizes the compensation earned by (a) an individual
who served as Learn2's Chief Executive Officer during fiscal year 2000, (b) each
person serving as an executive officer on December 31, 2000 who earned more than
$100,000 in salary and bonus during fiscal year 2000 and (c) one individual who
was among the highest paid employee for fiscal year 2000 but was not an
executive officer on December 31, 2000.

                           
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                                                           LONG-TERM
                                                                          COMPENSATION
                                                                             AWARDS
                                                                          ------------
                                                   ANNUAL COMPENSATION     SECURITIES
                                         FISCAL    -------------------     UNDERLYING
      NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION         YEAR      SALARY      BONUS      OPTIONS(1)     OTHER(2)
      
---------------------------        ------    
--------    -------    ------------    --------

Stephen P. Gott,.......................   2000     $300,000    $    --            --      $    --
  President, Chief Executive Officer      1999      175,000     50,000     1,000,000           --
  and Director                            1998           --         --            --           --
Marc E. Landy,.........................   2000      175,000     40,000       250,000        5,250
  Executive Vice President, Chief         1999      131,250     40,000       150,000        5,000
  Financial Officer and Secretary         1998           --         --            --           --
Kevin C. Riley,........................   2000      250,000     70,000       450,000        5,250
  President Learning Services Division    1999      243,000     30,000       337,944       22,700
                                          1998           --         --            --           --

- -------------------------
(1) Represents the number of options (each to acquire one share of common stock)
    granted pursuant to Learn2's stock option plans.


(2) Includes auto allowance, living expense allowance, match contribution to our
    401(k) Plan.


OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

     The following table provides certain information relating to stock options
granted to the Learn2 named executives during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2000.
In addition, as required by rules promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, the table sets forth the hypothetical gains that would
exist for the shares subject to such options based on assumed annual compounded
rates of stock price appreciation during the option term.

                                                         
INDIVIDUAL GRANTS
                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                       % OF TOTAL                            POTENTIAL REALIZABLE
                                                        OPTIONS                                VALUE AT ASSUMED
                                          NUMBER OF    GRANTED TO                            ANNUAL RATES OF STOCK
                                         SECURITIES    EMPLOYEES    EXERCISE                  PRICE APPRECIATION
                                         UNDERLYING     IN LAST       PRICE                   FOR OPTION TERM(4)
                                           OPTIONS       FISCAL        PER      EXPIRATION   ---------------------
                 NAME                    GRANTED(1)     YEAR(2)     SHARE(3)       DATE         5%         10%
                 ----                    
-----------   ----------   ---------   
----------   --------   ----------

Marc E. Landy..........................    150,000        5.2%        $4.00     1/16/2010    $377,337   $  956,245
                                           100,000        3.4%        $1.63     5/25/2010     102,195      258,983
Kevin C. Riley.........................    250,000        8.6%        $4.00     1/16/2010     628,895    1,593,742
                                           200,000        6.9%        $1.63     5/25/2010     204,391      517,966

- -------------------------
(1) The table does not include stock options granted to Messrs. Landy and Riley
    in January 2001 for each to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock at an
    exercise price of $0.47 per share, subject to a fifteen month vesting
    schedule.
In addition, the table does not include stock options granted to
    Mr. Gott in April 2001 to purchase 825,000 shares of common stock at an
    exercise price of $0.25 per share, subject to a three-year vesting schedule.


(2) Learn2 granted stock options representing 2,912,200 shares of our common
    stock to employees during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.


(3) On April 10, 2001, Learn2's board of directors approved a plan under which
    each director, officer and employee would be given the opportunity to
    exchange their existing stock options for new stock options with an exercise
    price of $0.25 per share, subject to a new vesting schedule that will be
    approved by E-Stamp.


(4) The potential realizable value illustrates value that might be realized upon
    exercise of the options immediately prior to the expiration of their terms,
    assuming the specified compounded rates of appreciation of the market price
    per share from the date of grant to the end of the option term.
Actual
    gains, if any, on stock option exercises are dependent upon a number of
    factors, including the future performance of the Learn2 common stock and the
    timing of option exercises, as well as the optionee's continued employment
    through the vested period.
There can be no assurance that the amounts
    reflected in this table will be achieved.


AGGREGATE OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR AND FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

     
The following table provides information about exercised stock options held
by the Learn2 named executives.
During fiscal year 2000, none of the Learn2
named executives exercised stock options.

                                                                 
NUMBER OF SECURITIES           VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                     NUMBER                     UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED         IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS AT
                                    OF SHARES                OPTIONS
AT DECEMBER 31, 2000         DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                   ACQUIRED ON    VALUE     ------------------------------   
---------------------------
              NAME                  EXERCISE     REALIZED   EXERCISABLE(1)   UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE
              ----                 
-----------   --------   --------------   -------------   -----------   -------------

Stephen P. Gott..................       --          --         666,666          333,334           --             --
Marc E. Landy....................       --          --         441,106          325,000           --             --
Kevin C. Riley...................       --          --         100,692          687,252

- -------------------------
(1) Value based on the December 31, 2000 closing price of Learn2's common stock
    on The Nasdaq National Market of $0.41 per share.
Underlying options that
    are not in-the-money are not valued in this table.

                  
LEARN2 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND
                             PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS

     The following table sets forth certain information that has been provided
to Learn2 with respect to beneficial ownership of shares of Learn2's common
stock as of April 11, 2001 by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each of
Learn2's directors, (iii) each of the Learn2 named executive officers listed in
the Summary Compensation Table and (iv) all directors and executive officers of
Learn2 as a group.
Unless otherwise noted, Learn2 believes that all persons
named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of voting stock beneficially owned by them.
The address for each
stockholder listed in the following table is c/o Learn2, 1311 Mamaroneck Avenue,
Suite 210, White Plains, New York 10605.

                                                               
AMOUNT AND        APPROXIMATE
                                                                NATURE OF       PERCENTAGE OF
                                                               BENEFICIAL       COMMON STOCK
              NAME OF PERSON IDENTITY OF GROUP                OWNERSHIP(1)     OUTSTANDING(2)
              
--------------------------------                -------------    ---------------

Stephen P. Gott(3)..........................................    
7,210,407           13.6%
Marc E. Landy(4)............................................      747,430            1.4%
Donald Schupak..............................................    1,220,092            2.3%
James S. Cannavino..........................................      215,000              *
Robert Alan Ezrin...........................................      727,391            1.4%
S. Lee Kling................................................       92,942              *
Kevin C. Riley(5)...........................................      368,008              *
All current directors and Named Executives as a group (7
  persons)(6)...............................................   10,581,271           22.0%

- -------------------------
 *  Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1% of Learn2's common stock.


(1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the
    Securities and Exchange Commission.
In computing the number of shares
    beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person,
    shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person
    that are exercisable within 60 days of April 11, 2001 are deemed
    outstanding.
Such shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for purposes
    of computing the ownership of any other person.
Except as indicated in the
    footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws,
    the stockholder named in the table has sole voting and investment power with
    respect to the shares set forth opposite such stockholder's name.


(2) Based on approximately 52,881,618 shares of Learn2 common stock outstanding
    on April 11, 2001.

(3) Shares shown as beneficially owned include 666,666 shares of Learn2 common
    stock issuable upon the exercise of options.


(4) Shares shown as beneficially owned consist of 691,106 shares of Learn2
    common stock issuable upon the exercise of options and 56,324 shares of our
    common stock which Mr. Landy acquired in April 2001 following the exercise
    of an option granted by Stephen P. Gott.


(5) Shares shown as beneficially owned include 368,008 shares of Learn2 common
    stock issuable upon the exercise of options.


(6) Shares shown as beneficially owned include 1,725,781 shares of Learn2 common
    stock issuable upon the exercise of options.

                       
LEARN2 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     In February 1999, Donald Schupak, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of
Learn2, exercised options to purchase an aggregate of 600,000 shares of common
stock for an aggregate exercise price of $1,200,000.
Mr. Schupak paid Learn2
$6,000 which represented the par value of the shares of common stock purchased.

Mr. Schupak borrowed the remaining $1,194,000 which accrues interest at the
annual rate of 6% payable quarterly or, at the option of Mr. Schupak, accrues at
the annual rate of 7% payable upon maturity of the loan in February 2004.
As
collateral for the loan, Mr. Schupak pledged the 600,000 shares of common stock
purchased plus an additional 213,000 shares of common stock.
If the market value
of the pledged shares of common stock is equal to more than 200% of the
principal amount of the loan, then Mr. Schupak may request that Learn2 release a
number of shares which have a market value in excess of such amount.
If the
market value of the pledged shares of common stock is equal to less than 125% of
the principal amount of the loan, then Mr. Schupak must pledge additional shares
of common stock to bring the market value of the pledged shares to such amount.

On April 17, 2001 in light of the decline of Learn2's stock price and in
connection with the proposed merger with E-Stamp, the Board of Directors of
Learn2 (i) waived the requirement that Mr. Schupak pledge additional shares of
common stock as collateral for the loan and (ii) subject to the closing of the
merger with E-Stamp, approved the repricing of the stock options to the amount
already paid, cancelled the note issued by Mr. Schupak to Learn2 and released
any liens thereunder.

     
In March 1999, Robert Alan Ezrin, the Vice Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Learn2, exercised options to purchase an aggregate of 145,000
shares of common stock for an aggregate exercise price of $310,000.
Mr. Ezrin
paid us $103,333 and borrowed the remaining $206,667.
The loan accrues interest
at the annual rate of 6% payable quarterly or, at the option of Mr. Ezrin,
accrues at the annual rate of 7% payable upon maturity of the loan in March
2004.
As collateral for the loan, Mr. Ezrin pledged the 145,000 shares of common
stock purchased plus an additional 1,964 shares of common stock.
If the market
value of the pledged shares of common stock is equal to more than 200% of the
principal amount of the loan, then Mr. Ezrin may request that Learn2 release a
number of shares which have a market value in excess of such amount.
If the
market value of the pledged shares of common stock is equal to less than 125% of
the principal amount of the loan, then Mr. Ezrin must pledge additional shares
of common stock to bring the market value of the pledged shares to such amount.

In March 2000, as a result of the increase in the market value of Learn2's
common stock, 20,000 of the pledged shares were released to Mr. Ezrin per his
request.
On April 17, 2001 in light of the decline of Learn2's stock price and
in connection with the proposed merger with E-Stamp, the Board of Directors of
Learn2 (i) waived the requirement that Mr. Ezrin pledge additional shares of
common stock as collateral for the loan and (ii) subject to the closing of the
merger with E-Stamp, approved the repricing of the stock options to the amount
already paid, cancelled the note issued by Mr. Ezrin to Learn2 and released any
liens thereunder.

     
In March 1999, James A. Cannavino, a Director of Learn2, exercised options
to purchase an aggregate of 215,000 shares of common stock for an aggregate of
$430,000.
Mr. Cannavino paid us $143,333 and borrowed the remaining $286,667.

The loan accrues at the annual rate of 6% payable quarterly or, at the option of
Mr. Cannavino, accrues at the annual rate of 7% payable upon maturity of the
loan in March 2004.
As collateral for the loan, Mr. Cannavino pledged the
215,000 shares of common stock purchased.
If the market value of the pledged
shares of common stock is equal to more than 200% of the principal amount of the
loan, then Mr. Cannavino may request that Learn2 release a number of shares
which have a market value in excess of such amount.
If the market value of the
pledged shares of common stock is equal to less than 125% of the principal
amount of the loan, then Mr. Cannavino must pledge additional shares of Learn2's
common stock to bring the market value of the pledged shares to such amount.
On
April 17, 2001 in light of the decline of Learn2's stock price and in connection
with the proposed merger with E-Stamp, the Board of Directors of Learn2 (i)
waived the requirement that Mr. Cannavino pledge additional shares of common
stock as collateral for the loan and (ii) subject to the closing of the merger
with E-Stamp, approved the repricing of the stock options to the amount already
paid, cancelled the note issued by Mr. Cannavino to Learn2 and released any
liens thereunder.

               TRANSACTIONS WITH RGC INTERNATIONAL INVESTORS, LDC

     In connection with the merger agreement, E-Stamp and Learn2 entered into
the agreements described below with the holder of Learn2's $10 million
convertible debenture, RGC International Investors, LDC.
The following summary
of the agreements entered into with RGC is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the complete text of these agreements, which are incorporated by
reference and included as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
joint proxy statement-prospectus is a part.

     
Redemption and Termination Agreement.  
On April 19, 2001, Learn2, E-Stamp
and RGC entered into a redemption and termination agreement.
The redemption and
termination agreement provides for Learn2's redemption of the convertible
debenture, dated March 10, 2000, in the aggregate principal amount of $10
million on the terms set forth therein.
Subject to and immediately prior to the
completion of the merger, Learn2 and E-Stamp have agreed to redeem the
convertible debenture in exchange for:

     - E-Stamp's payment of $1 million to RGC; and

     - Learn2's issuance to RGC of shares of Learn2 common stock which, upon
       completion of the merger, will be converted into the right to receive
       shares of E-Stamp common stock representing 16.67% of the aggregate
       issued and outstanding common stock of E-Stamp immediately following the
       completion of the merger.
For purposes of the foregoing calculation, the
       aggregate number of issued and outstanding common stock of E-Stamp
       immediately following the completion of the merger shall include shares
       of E-Stamp common stock issuable upon exercise of options of E-Stamp and
       Learn2 that will be vested upon completion of the merger and have an
       exercise price that is less than or equal to the average closing price of
       E-Stamp or Learn2 common stock, respectively, for the five consecutive
       trading days immediately preceding the E-Stamp or Learn2 special meeting,
       as the case may be.

     
In the redemption and termination agreement, RGC agreed to the following
limitations on its ability to resell the shares of E-Stamp common stock that it
receives in the merger.
Subject to the consummation of the merger and each of
the officers, directors and certain affiliates of Learn2 and E-Stamp agreeing to
the same trading limitations listed below, RGC will not:

     - create any daily low trading price in E-Stamp's common stock;

     - until 180 days following the consummation of the merger, sell any shares
       of E-Stamp's common stock;

     - during the period 180 days from the consummation of the merger and ending
       on the 1 year anniversary of the consummation of the merger, sell in any
       calendar month in excess of 5% of the lessor of:

        - the total trading volume for the pervious month; and

        - the aggregate number of shares of E-Stamp's common stock beneficially
          owned by RGC immediately following the consummation of the merger.

     
Notwithstanding the trading limitations listed above, RGC may:

     - sell up to 5% of the aggregate trading volume in any trading day; and

     - engage in block sales of at least 25,000 shares of E-Stamp's common stock
       to a single purchaser (who is not an affiliate of RGC) at a price greater
       than the immediately preceding sale price; provided, that such block
       sales in any calendar month will not exceed 15% of the total trading
       volume of E-Stamp's common stock for the previous calendar month.

       
RGC's agreements set forth in the redemption and termination agreement
       are subject to several conditions, including the completion of the merger
       by September 30, 2001.

     
Registration Rights Agreement.  
In connection with the redemption and
termination agreement, E-Stamp and RGC entered into a registration rights
agreement in which E-Stamp has agreed to provide

RGC specified registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
with respect to the shares of E-Stamp common stock to be issued to RGC in
connection with the merger.
See the section entitled "E-Stamp Description of
Capital Stock -- Registration Rights" on page 130 for a description of some of
the terms of the registration rights agreement between E-Stamp and RGC.

             
LEARN2 REPORTS OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE AND COMPENSATION
                      COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any of Learn2's
filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate future filings, including this
joint proxy statement-prospectus statement, in whole or in part, the following
Reports of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee and the Stock
Performance Graph which follows shall not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any such filings.

         
LEARN2 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The Audit Committee consists of James A. Cannavino, Robert Alan Ezrin and
S. Lee Kling.
Each of the members of the Audit Committee is "independent" as
defined under the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.'s listing
standards and is financially literate as that qualification is interpreted by
the Board of Directors.
In addition, at least one member of the Audit Committee
has accounting or related financial management expertise, as the Board of
Directors interprets that qualification.
The Board of Directors has adopted a
written charter with respect to the Audit Committee's roles and
responsibilities.
A copy of the charter is attached as Annex VI to this joint
proxy statement-prospectus.

     
The Audit Committee's primary duties and responsibilities are to (i)
monitor the integrity of Learn2's financial reporting process and systems of
internal controls regarding finance, accounting, and legal compliance, (ii)
monitor the independence and performance of Learn2's independent auditors and
(iii) provide an avenue of communication among the independent auditors,
management, and the board of directors.

     
In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed
and discussed Learn2's audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000 with Learn2's management and Arthur Andersen LLP, Learn2's
independent auditors.
The Audit Committee also discussed with Arthur Andersen
LLP the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No.
61 (Communications with Audit Committees) as amended by Statement on Auditing
Standards No. 90 (Audit Committee Communications).
This included a discussion of
the independent auditors' judgments as to the quality, not just the
acceptability, of Learn2's accounting principles, and such other matters that
generally accepted auditing standards require to be discussed with the Audit
Committee.
The Audit Committee also received the written disclosures and the
letter from Arthur Andersen LLP required by Independence Standards Board
Standard No. 1 (Independence Discussion with Audit Committees) and the Audit
Committee discussed the independence of Arthur Andersen LLP with that firm.

     
Based on the Audit Committee's review and discussions noted above, the
Audit Committee recommended to the board of directors, and the board of
directors approved, the audited financial statements be included in Learn2's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 for
filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                          
By the Audit Committee of the Board of
                                          Directors,
                                          James A. Cannavino (Chairman)
                                          Robert Alan Ezrin
                                          S. Lee Kling

           FEES BILLED FOR SERVICES RENDERED
BY PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT

     For the year ended December 31, 2000, Arthur Andersen LLP, our independent
auditor and principal accountant, billed the approximate fees set forth below:

Audit fees........................................  $275,000
All other fees....................................    
82,000
                                                    --------
                                                    $357,000
                                                    ========

     LEARN2 REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY AND REVIEW

     Learn2's approach to executive compensation is designed to attract,
motivate and retain the executive resources that Learn2 needs in order to
maximize its return to stockholders.
Learn2 attempts to provide its executives
with a total compensation package that, at expected levels of performance, is
competitive with those provided to executives who hold comparable positions or
having similar qualifications in other similar organizations.

     
Cash compensation for executive officers named in the summary compensation
table includes base salary, annual bonus and other compensation such as car
allowance and employer contribution to Learn2's 401(k) Plan.

     
Base salaries are reviewed on an annual basis with a variety of factors
considered including the individual's contribution to the success of Learn2, and
salary trends for individuals in similar positions.
Annual bonuses are
determined based on annual accomplishments including the individual's
contribution to the development and success of Learn2.


COMPENSATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

     Learn2 entered into an Employment Agreement, dated as of February 16, 1999,
employing Stephen P. Gott as President and Chief Executive Officer.
Learn2
entered into an Amendment to the employment agreement, on April 18, 2001, which
extended the term to February 16, 2002, subject to earlier termination for
death, disability, resignation or removal.
Pursuant to his amended employment
agreement, Mr. Gott's annual base salary is $300,000 and he is eligible to
receive an annual performance bonus.
In the event of a "Change of Control" (as
defined in the employment agreement), the stock options granted to Mr. Gott on
February 16, 1999, shall vest immediately.
If Mr. Gott resigns his employment
for "Good Reason" (as defined in the employment agreement), if we terminate his
employment without "Cause" (as defined in the employment agreement), or if we
elect not to extend the term of Mr. Gott's employment, Mr. Gott will be entitled
to (1) receive, in a lump sum, an amount equal to one year's base salary, (2)
become immediately and fully vested in all stock options granted prior to March
1, 2001, (3) with respect to fully vested options, the privilege of exercising
the unexercised portion of such options upon the later of (x) one year from the
effective date of his termination or (y) thirty days from the expiration of any
restriction on the sale, transfer or other disposition of the shares of common
stock underlying the options, and (4) a performance bonus as may be determined
by the board of directors of Learn2.
Mr. Gott's employment agreement also
contains confidentiality, non-competition and indemnification provisions.

     
In determining the base salary, performance bonus and options, the
Compensation Committee sought to induce Mr. Gott to become the President and
Chief Executive Officer of Learn2 and provide Mr. Gott a total compensation
package that is competitive with individuals who hold comparable positions or
have similar qualifications in other similar organizations and closely link such
compensation to corporate performance and returns to stockholders.

DEDUCTIBILITY OF EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, generally
disallows a tax deduction to public companies for annual compensation over $1
million paid to their chief executive officer and other highly compensated
executive officers.
The Code generally excludes from the calculation of the $1
million cap compensation that is based on the attainment of pre-established,
objective performance goals.
Where practicable, it is the policy of the
Compensation Committee to establish compensation practices that are both
cost-efficient from a tax standpoint and effective as a compensation program.

The Compensation Committee also considers it important to be able to utilize the
full range of incentive compensation, even though some compensation may not be
fully deductible.
To maintain a competitive position within Learn2's peer group
of corporations, the Compensation Committee retains the authority to authorize
payments, including salary and bonus, that may not be deductible.

                                    
By the Compensation Committee of the Board
                                    of Directors,

                                    James A. Cannavino (Chairman)

                                    Robert Alan Ezrin

                            LEARN2 PERFORMANCE GRAPH

     The performance graph shown below was prepared by Learn2 for use in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus.
The historic stock price performance is not
necessarily indicative of future stock performance.
The performance graph was
prepared based on a $100 investment in Learn2's common stock, the Russell 300
Stock Index and the S&P 500 Composite Index on October 19, 1994 (the date of the
corporation's initial inclusion in the NASDAQ National Market System).

                           
[LEARN2 PERFORMANCE GRAPH]

                      LEARN2.COM COMPARATIVE TOTAL RETURNS
                   OCTOBER 19, 1994 THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            OCTOBER 19,   DECEMBER 30,   DECEMBER 29,   DECEMBER 31,   DECEMBER 31,   DECEMBER 31,   DECEMBER 31,
                               1994           1994           1995           1996           1997           1998           1999
- --------------------------

 Learn2.COM, INC.             $100.00       $ 52.50        $140.00        $ 37.50        $ 16.88        $ 26.56        $ 32.81
 Russell 3000 Stock Index     $100.00       $ 97.62        $130.40        $155.42        $201.23        $246.14        $293.96
 S&P 500 Composite Index      $100.00       $100.42        $145.17        $172.33        $221.88        $261.38        $312.42
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            DECEMBER 31,

 Learn2.COM, INC.             $  4.06
 Russell 3000 Stock Index     $268.92
 S&P 500 Composite Index      $280.74
- -----------------------------------------------------

                               E-STAMP MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

     